In 2012, Scully was announcing Dodgers' home games as well as road games in California, Arizona, and Colorado.

In September 2016, Scully retired from his broadcasting career.

In 2016, Scully was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama at the White House.

In 2017, Scully did not approve of football players kneeling before the national anthem and said he would never watch an NFL game again.

On August 2, 2022, Scully died at his home in Hidden Hills, California. He was 94 years old.

Scully received the Ford Frick Award from the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1982. He was honored with a Life Achievement Emmy Award for sportscasting and induction into the National Radio Hall of Fame in 1995. The National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association named Scully as National Sportscaster of the Year three times (1965, 1978, 1982) and California Sportscaster of the Year 29 times. He was inducted into its Hall of Fame in 1991. He was the 1992 Hall of Fame inductee of the American Sportscasters Association (ASA), and was named both Sportscaster of the Century by the ASA (2000) and top sportscaster of all-time on its Top 50 list (2009). Scully was inducted into the NAB Broadcasting Hall of Fame in 2009. 

Scully has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6675 Hollywood Blvd. Since 2001, the press box at Dodger Stadium has been named for Scully. A street near the team's former Dodgertown spring training facility in Vero Beach, Florida is named "Vin Scully Way".

Scully was at some of Baseball’s most famous moments. He made the calls that have since become part of the game's lore:


Chris Rose

Christopher Rose (born January 27, 1971 in Shaker Heights, Ohio) is a sportscaster with MLB Network as a studio host. He is also employed by the NFL Network. He was an employee for FOX covering the NFL, BCS games, and MLB games and has called Boxing on Fuel TV, a sister channel of Fox Sports. He hosted The Cheap Seats in 2010.

Rose is known as one of the hosts of "The Best Damn Sports Show Period", on Fox Sports Net.

Rose has been criticized for seeming to be too friendly with players he has interviewed during Fox's baseball coverage. For example, during the 2009 World Series, Rose called Derek Jeter of the New York Yankees "Jeets". 
Rose was added the NFL Network crew on August 28, 2012. He will continue to host International Talk with Kevin Millar.



Karl Ravech

Karl Ravech (born January 19, 1965) is an American journalist. He is a personality for ESPN as an anchor for "SportsCenter" and "Baseball Tonight". He is the main "Baseball Tonight" host for ESPN.

He also covers college basketball and calls the Little League World Series for ABC and ESPN. He covered golf in the past.

Marv Albert

Marv Albert (born Marvin Philip Aufrichtig; June 12, 1941) is an American sportscaster. He is a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame. He is commonly called "the voice of basketball." From 1967–2004, he was also known as "the voice of the New York Knicks." 

Albert has called the play-by-play of six Super Bowls, NBA Finals and seven Stanley Cup Finals. 

On June 6, 2011, it was said that Albert was joining CBS Sports to call play-by-play for "The NFL on CBS".


Thom Brennaman

Thomas Wade "Thom" Brennaman (born September 12, 1963) is an American sportscaster.

He calls games for the Cincinnati Reds and MLB on Fox. He also called games for the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Chicago Cubs. He is a play by play announcer for the NFL on Fox and fills in for Joe Buck. He was the lead announcer for the BCS on Fox and college football on the Big Ten Network. He has also called college basketball games as well. He called games for FSN and CBS Radio and called Cotton Bowl games from 2000-2006. He is the son of radio announcer Marty Brennaman. Thom has called basketball games for the University of Cincinnati.

Wayne Larrivee

Wayne Larrivee is an American sportscaster. He is the voice of the Green Bay Packers. He has done play by play duties for the Big Ten Network, VERSUS, Westwood One/Dial Global, Chicago Bears, Chicago Bulls, Chicago Cubs, Kansas City Kings, Iowa Hawkeyes football, Missouri Tigers men's basketball, and ESPN Plus. 

During a practice round of the 2012 Women's Golf US Open in Kohler, Wisconsin, he asked a fan that what club should be used because a golf ball was in the rough. A fan told him an iron or a wood. Larrivee then said, "You got that narrowed down." Then the fan said, "You rock like Bob Uecker."

Pat Summerall

George Allen "Pat" Summerall (May 10, 1930 – April 16, 2013) was a former American football player and television sportscaster.

Summerall was born on May 10, 1930 in Lake City, Florida.

He started color commentatory on CBS Sports before replacing Ray Scott as lead play by play. He was paired with Tom Brookshier and especially John Madden. Summerall and Madden moved to FOX in 1994 until 2001 when they were replaced by Joe Buck, Troy Aikman, and Cris Collinsworth.

He filled for Mike Patrick in 2004 who recovered from heart surgery. Summerall also called a few Cotton Bowls for Fox before retiring for good. During his time at CBS, Summerall called American Basketball Association, NBA, college basketball games, tennis and golf tournaments.

In 1990, Summerall vomited on an airplane after a Bears-Redskins matchup and was out for a long time. He was replaced by Verne Lundquist who filled in for Summerall who was assigned to call the Tennis U.S. Open.
In 1999 he was inducted into the American Sportscasters Association Hall of Fame.

Summerall died on April 16, 2013 from cardiac arrest which were complications of hip surgery in a hospital in Dallas, Texas, aged 82.

Kevin Harlan

Kevin Harlan (born June 21, 1960, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American television sports announcer.

He currently broadcasts NFL and college basketball games on CBS. He began working for CBS in 1998.

Hugh Cortazzi

Sir Arthur Henry Hugh Cortazzi, (2 May 1924 – 14 August 2018) was a British diplomat, businessman, academic, author and Japanologist.

He was Ambassador from the United Kingdom to Japan (1980–84), President of the Asiatic Society of Japan (1982–1983) and Chairman of the Japan Society of London (1985–95).

In 1947, Cortazzi joined the Foreign Office.

The British Foreign Office posted Cortazzi to:

Cortazzi was made Deputy Under-Secretary of State, in 1975. He became the British Ambassador to Japan in 1980. He spent the next four years in Tokyo.

Sir Hugh wrote, edited, translated or contributed to books on the diplomatic history of Japan and the United Kingdom. He also wrote about Japanese history and culture.

In an overview derived from writings by and about Hugh Cortazzi, OCLC/WorldCatencompasses roughly 60+ works in 100+ publications in 4 languages and 4,000+ library holdings.



Len Kasper

Len Kasper (born January 21, 1971 in Mt. Pleasant, Michigan) is a broadcaster who calls MLB games on the radio for the Chicago White Sox. He also called games for the Florida Marlins and the Milwaukee Brewers as well as a studio host for the Packers Radio Network.

Joan Osborne

Joan Elizabeth Osborne (born July 8 1962) is an American singer-songwriter who has had several hit songs. She is best known for her single "One of Us" (released in 1995). She was born near Louisville, Kentucky.

Gene Deckerhoff

Emerson Eugene "Gene" Deckerhoff, Jr. (born May 2, 1945) is the radio play-by-play announcer for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Florida State Seminoles football, basketball, and baseball teams. He also called games for the United States Football League's Tampa Bay Bandits.

Mike Patrick

Mike Patrick is an American sportscaster. He was an announcer for NFL on Sunday night for 19 years.

Loretta Long

Loretta Long (born October 4, 1938) is an American singer and actress. She is best known for playing Susan on "Sesame Street". She was born in Paw Paw, Michigan.

Hal Miller

Harold Miller is an American actor and singer. He is best known for playnig Gordon on "Sesame Street" until replaced by Roscoe Orman in Season 6.

He made two appearances on "Law & Order".

Roscoe Orman

Roscoe Hunter Orman (born June 11, 1944) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for playing Gordon Robinson on "Sesame Street". He was born in The Bronx, New York.

John Whitehead

Sir John Stainton Whitehead (20 September 1932 – 8 November 2013) is a British diplomat and businessman. 

Whitehead joined the British Foreign Service in 1955.

He was Ambassador from the United Kingdom to Japan (1986 - 1992).

After his retirement from the diplomatic service, he was a senior advisor to Deutsche Bank, Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) and other international companies. 

He became Chairman of Deutsche Morgan Grenfell Trust Bank (Japan).



John DiMaggio

John William DiMaggio (born September 4, 1968) is an American voice actor and comedian. He is the voice of Bender in "Futurama" and of Jake the Dog in "Adventure Time".

Billy West

William Richard Werstine (better known as Billy West) (born April 16, 1952) is an American voice actor, musician, singer and songwriter. He is known for his voice roles as Professor Hubert Farnsworth, and Dr. John Zoidberg in "Futurama" and D in Alphablocks. He was born in Detroit, Michigan and was raised in Boston, Massachusetts. West is divorced from his wife Violet Werstine (known as Violet West).


John P. Finnegan

John P. Finnegan (August 18, 1926 – July 29, 2012) was an American television, voice, stage, and movie actor. He was known for his roles in the comedy/mystery crime show "Columbo" (with Peter Falk).

He was born in New York City, New York on August 18, 1926. He was married to Caroylnn Jacobs from 1992 until his death in 2012. He died on July 29, 2012 from pneumonia and old age in his home in Palm Desert, California, aged 85.

John Cassavetes

John Nicholas Cassavetes (December 9, 1929 – February 3, 1989) was an American movie actor, screenwriter, and director. He was known for his roles in "Rosemary's Baby" and in "The Dirty Dozen".

Cassavetes was born in New York City, New York on December 9, 1929. He studied at Blair Academy and at Colgate University. Cassavetes spent his childhood in Long Island, New York. He was married to Gena Rowlands from 1954 until his death in 1989. They had 3 children. Cassavetes died on February 3, 1989 from cirrhosis in Los Angeles, California, aged 59.


Evel Knievel

Evel Knievel (October 17, 1938 – November 30, 2007), born Robert Craig Knievel, was an American daredevil and entertainer. Knievel is known for trying to do more than 75 ramp-to-ramp motorcycle jumps between 1965 and 1980, and in 1974, a failed jump across Snake River Canyon in Idaho in the Skycycle, a steam-powered rocket. He has broken 433 bones during his career which earned him a title in the "Guinness Book of Records" as the survivor of "most bones broken in a lifetime". 

Knievel was born on October 17, 1938 in Butte, Montana. Knievel was married to Linda Joan Bork from 1959 until they divorced in 1997. He was married to Krystal Kennedy from 1999 until they divorced in 2001. Knievel had four children. 

Knievel died from pulmonary fibrosis caused by diabetes in Clearwater, Florida on November 30, 2007, aged 69.


Christopher Rose

Christopher Rose may be:

Erika Slezak

Erika Slezak (born August 5, 1946) is a soap opera actress. She is strongly known because of her role as Victoria Lord in the television series "One Life to Live". She was born around California.

Slezak has won six Daytime Emmy Awards in the category of "Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series". This is out of nine nominations for her role as Viki. Additionally, Slezak won a "Soap Opera Digest" Award for Favorite Couple with Mark Derwin in 2000.


Jane Wyman

Jane Wyman (Sarah Jane Mayfield, January 5, 1917 – September 10, 2007) was an American movie, stage, television actress, singer, and dancer. She appeared in many movies during her 61-year career. She is mostly known as for being Ronald Reagan's first wife from 1940 until they divorced in 1949, before he ran for Governor of California and President. She has won one Academy Award and two Golden Globe Awards.

Wyman was born in St. Joseph, Missouri on January 5, 1917. She had three children with Reagan. She was married five times: Fred Karger, she married twice. She was married to Ernest Eugene Wyman from 1933 until they divorced in 1935. She was married to Myron Futterman from 1937 until they divorced in 1938. After she divorced Reagan in 1949, she was married to Fred Karger from 1952 until they divorced in 1955. In 1961, they remarried, and they redivorced in 1965.

Wyman died on September 10, 2007 in her home in Rancho Mirage, California from natural causes, aged 90. Wyman had arthritis and diabetes. She was later buried at Forest Lawn Mortuary and Memorial Park in Cathedral City, California. 


Paul Giamatti

Paul Edward Valentine Giamatti (born June 6, 1967) is an American Actor and Producer. He played John Adams in "John Adams", and William Hill in "Saving Private Ryan". His first movie was "Private Parts". In 2024, he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in "The Holdovers".

Giamatti was born in New Haven, Connecticut and studied at Yale University. He was briefly married to Elizabeth Cohen in 1997. They had one son. 


Ravine

A ravine is a landform. It is narrower than a canyon. Ravines are often made by erosion.

A ravine usually has steep sides, and they are 20-70% in gradient. Ravines sometimes have streams running down the side of them. Ravines are naturally formed.

Linda Evangelista

Linda Evangelista (born May 10, 1965) is a Canadian model. She has been on over six hundred magazine covers.

She is signed to DNA Model Management in New York City, and Models 1 in London.

Evangelista was born in Ontario to Italian parents. At the age of 22, she married Elite executive Gerald Marie. They were married from 1987 to 1993. After separating from Marie, she began a 6-year relationship with actor Kyle MacLachlan, and then divorced Marie.

In 1999, she became pregnant by French football player Fabien Barthez. At 6 months pregnant, she delivered a stillborn baby. The couple then broke up and Evangelista left modelling for several years to get better.

On October 11, 2006, Evangelista gave birth to a boy, Augustin James. She would not say who the father was. While pregnant, she was on the August 2006 issue of "Vogue". In late June 2011, Evangelista filed court papers that showed billionaire Frenchman François-Henri Pinault was the father. At the time he was the husband of actress Salma Hayek. A heavily-publicized child support trial began on May 3, 2012. Several days into the trial, Evangelista and Pinault reached an out-of-court settlement.

Lemma (linguistics)

A lemma is a word that stands at the head of a definition in a dictionary. All the head words in a dictionary are lemmas. Technically, it is "a base word and its inflections".

A lemma is the word you find in the dictionary. A lexeme is a unit of meaning, and can be more than one word. A lexeme is the set of all forms that have the same meaning, while "lemma" refers to the particular form that is chosen by convention to represent the lexeme.

In English, for example, "run", "runs" and "running" are forms of the same lexeme, but "run" is the lemma.

In English, the lemma of a noun is the singular: e.g., "mouse" rather than "mice". In languages with gender, the head word of regular adjectives and nouns is usually the masculine singular. If the language also has cases, the lemma is often the masculine singular nominative.

In many languages, the citation form of a verb is the infinitive: French "aller", German "gehen", Spanish "ir". In English it usually is the full infinitive ("to go") although alphabetized without 'to' ("go").

In computational linguistics, a stem is the part of the word that never changes even when different forms of the word are used. A lemma is the base form of the verb. For example, from "produced", the lemma is "produce", but the stem is "produc-". This is because there are words such as production. When sound (phonology) is taken into account, the definition of the unchangeable part of the word is not so useful. Notice the sound of the words in the example: "produced" versus "production" .

Some lexemes have several stems but one lemma. For instance "to go" (the lemma) has the stems "go" and "went". Here, the past tense is based on a different verb, "to wend". The "-t" suffix is equivalent to "-ed".

Eadweard Muybridge

Eadweard Muybridge (9 April 1830 – 8 May 1904) was an English pioneer in photographing motion and in motion picture projection.

Muybridge was of partial Dutch descent. In his earlier years in San Francisco, Muybridge became known for his landscape photography, particularly of the Yosemite Valley. He also photographed the Tlingit people in Alaska. He was commissioned by the United States Army to photograph the Modoc War in 1873. In 1874 he shot and killed Major Harry Larkyns, his wife's lover. Muybridge was acquitted in a jury trial on the grounds of justifiable homicide.

Chelsea Handler

Chelsea Handler (born February 25 1975) is an American writer, stand-up comedian and actress. She has performed in many movies and television programs. She is the host of "Chelsea Lately". She was born near Livingston, New Jersey.

Handler was the host of the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards.

"Are You There, Chelsea?" was an NBC sitcom. It was based on Handler's 2008 best-selling book "Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea". The program aired from January 11 to March 28, 2012. On May 11, 2012, the network canceled it. Laura Prepon played the main character, "Chelsea Newman," a cocktail waitress. Handler was "Chelsea's" born-again Christian sister, "Sloane".
She hosted the late-night talk show Chelsea Lately on the E! network from 2007 to 2014, and released a documentary series, Chelsea Does, on Netflix in January 2016. Between 2016 and 2017, Handler hosted the talk show, Chelsea, on Netflix.


Heinrich von Kleist

Bernd Heinrich Wilhelm von Kleist (18 October 1777 – 21 November 1811) in Berlin) was a German poet and dramatist of romanticism. He finished life by killing himself.


Willard Scott

Willard Herman Scott, Jr. (March 7, 1934 – September 4, 2021) was an American weather presenter, author, television personality, clown, comedian, radio personality and occasional actor. He was best known for creating and originally playing Ronald McDonald in the McDonald's commercials. He was on "The Today Show" for many years. He retired in 2015.

Scott died on September 4, 2021, of natural causes in Delaplane, Virginia at the age of 87.

Scott has published several fiction and non-fiction books:


He has also co-authored two books with Bill Crider:


Northern Calloway

Northern Calloway (January 22, 1948) was an American actor, voice artist, and comedian. He is best known for playing David on "Sesame Street" from 1971 through 1989.

Robert Doisneau

Robert Doisneau (14 April 1912 – 1 April 1994) was a French photographer. In the 1930s he used a form of camera called a Leica on the streets of Paris. He and Henri Cartier-Bresson were pioneers of photojournalism.

As a young man Doisneau attended the École Estienne in Paris to learn the crafts involved in the book trade, but he always claimed that the streets of the working-class neighbourhood of Gentilly provided his most important schooling. In 1929, in an effort to improve his draftsmanship, he began photographing, just as Modernist ideas were beginning to promote photography as the prime medium for advertising and reportage.

Luther Ingram

Luther Thomas Ingram (November 30, 1937 – March 19, 2007) was an American R&B singer-songwriter. He had many hit songs during his career. His song "(If Loving You is Wrong) I Don't Want to be Right" was released in 1972. He died from heart failure.

Honey War

The Honey War was a bloodless border dispute in the 1830s between Iowa (first as a part of Wisconsin Territory, then Iowa Territory) and Missouri over their border.

The Honey War was caused by a disagreement over a wide piece of land covering the entire border (see map). The disagreement was caused because 3 things were not easy to understand: the Missouri Constitution's part about borders, the survey of the Louisiana Purchase, and treaties with the Native Americans. The United States Supreme Court ended the dispute in Iowa's favor. It said that the almost-straight border of Iowa would follow the Des Moines River south for about until it reached the Mississippi River near Keokuk.

During the War, the state militias faced each other, a Missouri sheriff collecting taxes in Iowa was arrested, and three honey trees were cut down.


Daniel Day-Lewis

Sir Daniel Michael Blake Day-Lewis (born 29 April 1957) is a retired British actor. He won three Academy Awards, four BAFTA Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, and three Golden Globe Awards. 

He was born in London, England on 29 April 1957. He had dual citizenship - British and Irish. He is the youngest of Cecil Day-Lewis' four children and the younger of Jill Balcon's two children. His sister, Tamasin Day-Lewis, is a television chef. Day-Lewis married Rebecca Miller (the daughter of Arthur Miller) in 1996. From another relationship Day-Lewis has one son. With Miller, he has two sons.

He starred in most movies, such as "My Left Foot", "There Will Be Blood" and "Gangs in New York". He played Abraham Lincoln in Steven Spielberg's 2012 biopic movie "Lincoln". He won an Golden Globe Award, Screen Actors Guild Award and an Academy Award for his performance. He retired from acting after starring in his final movie "Phantom Thread".


Richard Harris

Richard St John Harris (1 October 1930 – 25 October 2002) was an Irish movie, stage, television actor, writer, movie, stage producer, singer-songwriter, and a movie director who is known for his roles as King Arthur in "Camelot" and as Albus Dumbledore in the first two "Harry Potter Movie Series". He was lifelong friends with Irish actor Peter O'Toole. 

Harris was born in Limerick, Irish Free State on 1 October 1930 to an Irish Catholic family. Harris studied to become an actor at the Crescent College and at The Royal Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. Harris was married to Elizabeth Rees-Williams from 1957 until they divorced in 1969. Harris remarried in 1974 to Ann Turkel until they divorced in 1982. Harris has three sons: Jamie Harris, Jared Harris, and Damian Harris. 

Harris died on 25 October 2002 from Hodgkin's lymphoma in his London, England home, aged 72. He was replaced in the role of Dumbledore by Michael Gambon.


Dolphy

Rodolfo Vera Quizon, Sr. (July 25, 1928 – July 10, 2012) was a Filipino, director, comedian, movie, television, stage, and radio actor. He is also known for his comedy works earning him the nickname as "The King of Comedy". 

Dolphy was born on July 25, 1928 in Tondo, Manila, Philippines on July 25, 1928. He has 17 children and one adopted child by his partner Zsa Zsa Padilla. Dolphy died on July 10, 2012, aged 83, in Makati City, Metro Manila, Philippines from multiple organ failure after suffering pneumonia and renal failure.

Buddy Ebsen

Christian Ludolph "Buddy" Ebsen, Jr. (April 2, 1908 – July 6, 2003) was an American actor, dancer, singer and comedian. He was known for his roles as Jed Clampett in "The Beverly Hillbillies" and as Barnaby Jones in "Barnaby Jones". Ebsen was the oldest voice guest star in television history with his voice role as Chet Elderson in "King of the Hill".

Ebsen was originally cast to play the Scarecrow in "The Wizard of Oz". However, Ray Bolger, who was playing the Tin Man, convinced Ebsen to trade roles for a rehearsal. Ebsen had a very bad allergic reaction to the aluminum dust in the Tin Man's makeup. He had to go to the hospital. He was so sick that Jack Haley replaced him as the Scarecrow.

Ebsen was married to Ruth Cambridge from 1936 until they divorced in 1942. He was later married to Nancy Wolcott from 1944 until they divorced in 1985. Ebsen was last married to Dorothy Knott from 1985 until his death in 2003. Ebsen had 2 children with Cambridge, 5 with Wolcott, and one with Knott.

Ebsen died on July 6, 2003 in the Torrance Memorial Medical Center in Torrance, California from respiratory failure caused by pneumonia, aged 95 years old. He was buried at Pacific Crest Cemetery in Redondo Beach, California.


Chris Evans

Christopher Robert "Chris" Evans (born June 13, 1981) is an American television, voice, and movie actor. He is known for his roles as Johnny Storm/Human Torch in "Fantastic Four" and "" and as Captain America in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (2011-2019). Evans was born in Sudbury, Massachusetts on June 13, 1980.

On September 9, 2023, Evans married actress Alba Baptista.

 

Mark Ruffalo

Mark Alan Ruffalo (born November 22, 1967) is an American director, screenwriter, producer, movie, television, and voice actor. He is known for his role as Hulk in the "Marvel Cinematic Universe" (2012-today). Ruffalo was born in Kenosha, Wisconsin on November 22, 1967. Ruffalo has been married to Sunrise Coigney since 2000. They have three children.

In November 2017, Ruffalo and Senator Bernie Sanders, who Ruffalo supported in the 2016 United States presidential election, were nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for their narration of the Sanders's memoir "".


Chris Hemsworth

Chris Hemsworth (born 11 August 1983) is an Australian movie, television, and voice actor. He is known for his role as Thor in the "Marvel Cinematic Universe" (2010-today). Hemsworth was born on 11 August 1983 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. He has been married to a model and actress Elsa Pataky since 2010.


Stellan Skarsgård

Stellan John Skarsgård (born June 13, 1951) is a Swedish movie, television, stage, and voice actor.

He is known for his roles as Bootstrap Bill Turner in "" and "" and as Dr. Erik Selvig in "Thor", "The Avengers", and "Thor: The Dark World".

Skarsgård was born in Gothenburg, Sweden on June 13, 1951.

Skarsgård was married to My Skarsgård from 1975 until they divorced in 2007. They had six children: Alexander (born in 1976), Gustaf (born in 1980), Sam (born in 1982), Bill (born in 1990), Eija (born in 1992) and Valter (born in 1995).

Four of Skarsgård's children - Alexander, Gustaf, Bill, and Valter, are also actors.

Skarsgård has been married to Megan Everett since 2010. They have two sons: Ossian (born in 2009) and Kolbjörn (born in 2012).

Paul Bettany

Paul Bettany (born 27 May 1971) is an English movie, voice, television, and stage actor. He voiced J.A.R.V.I.S. in the movies "Iron Man", "Iron Man 2" "The Avengers", and "Iron Man 3". He played the fictional character Vision in "" and "". Bettany was born in Shepherd's Bush, London, England. He has been married to Jennifer Connelly since 2003. They have three children.


Cartesian product

In mathematics, sets can be used to make new sets. Given two sets "A" and "B", the Cartesian product of "A" with "B" is written as "A × B", and is the set of all ordered pairs whose first element is a member of "A", and whose second element is a member of "B". 

For example, let "A" = {1, 2, 3} and "B" = {a, b}. Then:
The set of a Cartesian product can be visualized as a two-dimensional table, with its entry being its elements.


Clark Gregg

Robert Clark Gregg (born April 2, 1962) is an American director, screenwriter, actor and voice artist. He has acted in both television and movies. Gregg is known for his role as Phil Coulson in "Iron Man", "Iron Man 2", "Thor", and "The Avengers".

Gregg was born in Boston, Massachusetts. Gregg married Jennifer Grey in 2001. They have a daughter, Stella Gregg. They divorced in 2021.


Cobie Smulders

Jacoba Francisca Maria Smulders (born April 3, 1982) is a Canadian-American model, actress and voice artist. She has acted in movies and television. She played Robin Scherbatsky in the TV series "How I Met Your Mother". She plays Maria Hill in the "Marvel Cinematic Universe".

Smulders was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Smulders has been married to Taran Killam since 2012. They have two daughters, Shaelyn Cado Killam (born 2009) and Janita Mae Killam (born 2015).

Magma (mathematics)

In mathematics, a magma is kind of algebraic structure. It is a set with a binary operation on that set.

A binary operation works by taking two elements from a set (that do not have to be different) and returning some other element of that set.

If we give the set a label (such as "X") and the binary operation a label (such as •). Then we give the magma the label ("X", •).

The natural numbers with addition form a magma. Because the set of natural numbers is written as formula_1 and addition is written as formula_2 the magma is written as formula_3. The name of the magma would be "The natural numbers under addition".

The integers with multiplication form a magma. Because the set of integers is written as formula_4 and multiplication (in abstract mathematics) is written as formula_5 the magma is written as formula_6. The name of the magma would be "The integers under multiplication".

The real numbers under division do not form a magma. This is because numbers cannot be divided by 0. A binary operation requires that "any" two elements can be taken from the set (in this case in order) to produce another element from the set. The real numbers without 0 is written as formula_7. It can be shown that the formula_8 is a magma.

Joseph Maher

Joseph Maher (December 29 1933 - July 17 1998) was an Irish-American movie, television, voice, and stage actor. He is best known from his acting in the television series "Goode Behavior" and the movies "Heaven Can Wait", "Mars Attacks" and "Sister Act". He played the character Mr. Chambers in 1984 short "Frankenweenie". Maher won a Drama Desk Award in 1986.

Maher was born in Westport, County Mayo, Ireland on December 29, 1933. Maher was openly gay. He was a naturalized US citizen. Maher died on July 17, 1998 in Los Angeles, California from a brain tumor. He was 64 years old when he died.


Toby Jones

Toby Edward Heslewood Jones (born 7 September 1966) is an English actor. He is known for his roles as Arnim Zola in "", Dobby in "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" and "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", as Claudius Templesmith in "The Hunger Games", Irving Paul Lazar in "Frost/Nixon", as Percy Alleline in "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy", as Gunnar in "" and as Owl in the 2018 Disney movie "Christopher Robin".

Jones was born in Hammersmith, London, England on 7 September 1966 to Freddie Jones and Jennifer Heselwood.

Dianne Feinstein

Dianne Goldman Berman Feinstein ( ; born Dianne Emiel Goldman; June 22, 1933 – September 29, 2023) was an American politician. She was the senior United States Senator from California. She was a member of the U.S. Democratic Party and was in Senate since November 4, 1992. She was also the 38th Mayor in San Francisco from 1978 to 1988.
She was the first woman to have presided over a U.S. presidential inauguration.

On February 14, 2023, she announced her decision not to run for reelection to a sixth term in 2024. Feinstein died on September 29, 2023, in Washington, D.C., at the age of 90.

She was born in San Francisco, California. Feinstein is of Polish-German-Russian-Jewish descent.

John Lithgow

John Arthur Lithgow (born October 19, 1945) is an American movie, stage, voice, television actor, poet, author, and musician. He began acting in 1972. He was in the movies "The World According to Garp", "Footloose", "Terms of Endearment", "Shrek", "Rise of the Planet of the Apes", and in "The Campaign". Lithgow was nominated for an Academy Award for each movie. 

He played Arthur Mitchell on Showtime's "Dexter" and won Golden Globe and Emmy Awards for his acting. He played the protagonist Dick Solomon in sitcom "3rd Rock from the Sun".

Lithgow was born on October 19, 1945 in Rochester, New York and studied at Harvard University. Lithgow was married to Jean Tayton from 1966 until they divorced in 1980. Lithgow has been married to Mary Yeager since 1981. Lithgow has three children, Ian, Phoebe, and Nathan Lithgow.



Paul Gleason

Paul Xavier Gleason (May 4, 1939 – May 27, 2006) was an American movie, television, voice, and stage actor who is known for his role as Dwayne T. Robinson in the 1988 action movie "Die Hard".

Gleason was born in Jersey City, New Jersey on May 4, 1939 and raised in Uleta, Florida. Gleason was married to Candy Moore from 1971 until they divorced in 1978. Later, he was married to Susan Kehl from 1995 until his death in 2006. Gleason died on May 27, 2006 from lung cancer in a hospital in Burbank, California. He was 67 years old.


Reginald VelJohnson

Reginald VelJohnson, Jr. (born August 16, 1952) is an American writer and actor who is known for his role as Sgt. Al Powell in "Die Hard" and "Die Hard 2". VelJohnson was born in Queens, New York and studied at New York University.

David S. Goyer

David Samuel Goyer (born December 22, 1965) is an American screenwriter, movie director, and a book and comics writer. Goyer is known for his work on "Batman Begins", "The Dark Knight", and "The Dark Knight Rises". He also worked on the movie "Man of Steel". Goyer was born in Ann Arbor, Michigan.

Jet (lignite)

Jet is a geological material considered to be a minor gemstone. It is originally a wood product called lignite, squeezed and heated by geological processes. The older definition of mineral did not apply to organic material. Therefore, jet was not called a mineral, but instead a "mineraloid". However, this view is changing, as so many crystalline materials have organic origin.

The English noun "jet" comes from the French word for the same material: "jaiet". Jet is either black or dark brown, but may contain pyrite inclusions, which are of brassy colour and metallic lustre. The adjective "jet-black", meaning as dark a black as possible, comes from this material.

Sylvia Sidney

Sylvia Sidney (born Sophia Kosow; August 8, 1910 – July 1, 1999) was an American movie, television, voice, and stage actress who is known for her role in the crime-drama movies. She is also known for playing Florence Norris in "Mars Attacks!" and as Juno in "Beetlejuice". Sidney won a Golden Globe Award and a Saturn Award.

Sidney was born in The Bronx, New York on August 8, 1910 to Russian-Jewish immigrant parents. Sidney was married to writer Bennett Cerf from 1935 until they divorced in 1936. She married actor-director Luther Adler in 1938. The couple had a son named Jacob (1939–1987), and divorced in 1946. She was married to Carlton Alsop from 1947 until they divorced in 1951.

Sidney died on July 1, 1999 in New York City from throat cancer. She was 88 years old.


Glenn Shadix

William Glenn Shadix (April 15, 1952 – September 7, 2010) was an American movie, television, and voice actor who is known for his role as Otho in "Beetlejuice" and as the Mayor of Halloween Town in "The Nightmare Before Christmas". Shadix was born on April 15, 1952 in Bessemer, Alabama and studied at Birmingham-Southern College. Shadix was openly gay. Shadix died on September 7, 2010 from a blunt trauma in his Birmingham, Alabama home after he accidentally fell. He was 58 years old.


Leslie Cochran

Albert Leslie Cochran (June 24, 1951 – March 8, 2012) was an American activist and homeless man. Cochran is known for his activism on the city of Austin, Texas.

Cochran was born in Miami, Florida on June 24, 1951. He was married from 1985 through 1986. 

On October 1, 2009, police officers found him unconscious outdoors. He was taken to the University Medical Center Brackenridge in critical condition. He claimed he was attacked by a group of people after commenting about the dangers of drug abuse. 

Cochran died on the morning of March 8, 2012 from a head trauma in Austin, Texas, aged 60.


Great Oxygenation Event

The Great Oxygenation Event (GOE) was the creation of free oxygen in our atmosphere. It was caused by cyanobacteria doing photosynthesis. It took a very long time, from three billion years ago to about one billion years ago.

Photosynthesis was making oxygen both before and after the GOE. Before the GOE, organic matter and dissolved iron chemically captured any free oxygen. Earth has much iron, and iron has higher solubility than its oxides, so the oceans had much dissolved iron. It became iron oxide and made huge deposits of banded iron rock from the Archaean and Proterozoic eras. When not enough iron remained to capture more oxygen, free oxygen accumulated in the atmosphere. This was the GOE.

Oxygen was toxic to most of the Earth's anaerobic inhabitants at the time. As cyanobacteria produced oxygen, and built their stromatolites, they changed the environment for other protists. Since the other protists had no way to deal with oxygen, most became extinct. Another consequence was the effect of free oxygen on atmospheric methane, a greenhouse gas. Their reaction removed the methane, and caused the Huronian glaciation. This was perhaps the longest snowball Earth episode ever. Free oxygen has been an important part of the atmosphere ever since.

The evidence is that free oxygen was first produced by photosynthetic organisms (prokaryotic, later eukaryotic) which emitted oxygen as a waste product. These organisms lived long before the GOE, perhaps 3500 million years ago (mya). The oxygen they made would have quickly been removed from the atmosphere by the 'mass rusting' which led to the deposition of banded-iron formations. Oxygen only began to continue in the atmosphere in small quantities shortly (~50 million years) before the start of the GOE. Without a draw-down, oxygen would come to the atmosphere and stay there very quickly. At today's rates of photosynthesis (which are much greater than those in the land-plant-free Precambrian), modern atmospheric O levels could be produced in around 2,000 years.

Timeline:

Edmund Gwenn

Edmund John Kellaway (September 26, 1877 – September 6, 1959) was an English movie, television, and stage actor who is known for his role as Santa Claus in "Miracle on 34th Street". Gwenn won an Academy Award and two Golden Globe Awards.

Gwenn was born in Wandsworth, London, England on September 26, 1877. He studied at St. Olave's School and King's College London. Gwenn was married to Minnie Terry for one day in 1901. They divorced the same day they married. Gwenn died on September 6, 1959 from pneumonia cause by a stroke in his Woodland Hills, Los Angeles home, aged 81.


Pete van Wieren

Pete van Wieren (October 7, 1944 – August 2, 2014) was a former American sportscaster. He was the voice of Major League Baseball's Atlanta Braves along with Skip Caray.

Van Wieren was born in Rochester, New York.

He also called games for the Atlanta Hawks, Atlanta Falcons preseason, and Atlanta Flames. Van Wieren also was employed for Turner Sports calling college football games on TBS and NBA games for TNT and TBS. He unexpectedly announced his retirement in 2008 after the death of fellow broadcaster Skip Caray.

Early in 2010, Van Wieren was diagnosed with lymphoma. Van Wieren died from the disease in Atlanta, Georgia, aged 69.

Dan Hicks

John Daniel "Dan" Hicks (born June 2 1962 in Tucson, Arizona) is a sportscaster with NBC. 

He currently calls golf tournaments for NBC. He also is a fill-in for Notre Dame Football on NBC when Tom Hammond is not there. Hicks called swimming and figure skating in the Olympics. He called NFL games for NBC, as well as NBA games. Hicks called the 2012 Pro Bowl with analysts Mike Mayock and Doug Flutie and sideline reporters Alex Flanagan and Randy Moss. In the 2012 preseason game between the Indianapolis Colts and Pittsburgh Steelers, Hicks called an NFL game for the first time since 1997. Hicks filled in for Al Michaels because Michaels took a break after anchoring the 2012 London Summer Olympics.

Hicks is married to ESPN sportscaster Hannah Storm.

List of Nobel laureates by country

The list of Nobel Prize laureates by country includes 930 people. Some prizes were shared by two or three people; and 25 awards were made to organizations.












































































Spero Dedes

Spero Dedes (born February 27, 1979) is a Greek-American sportscaster employed by MSG, CBS, and NFL Network. He is the host of NFL Total Access.

Dedes was born in Panamus, New Jersey. Before working with CBS, he called NFL games on Fox in 2004 as well as the New Jersey Gladiators of the Arena Football League. Dedes was the radio voice of the Los Angeles Lakers from 2005-2011. He was expected to replace Joel Meyers, but signed a contract with the New York Knicks instead.

Meyers now calls games for the New Orleans Hornets. While at NFL Network, he has called BCS games and NFL Preseason Games for the network. He called the 2004 Summer Olympics on NBC for field hockey at the age of 25. This made him the youngest member of an Olympic Game broadcast for NBC. He also called college football and basketball games for Westwood One. 

GNAA (disambiguation)

GNAA is the Gay Nigger Association of America, an Internet trolling organization.

GNAA may also mean:


Verne Lundquist

Merton Laverne "Verne" Lundquist, Jr. (born June 17, 1940) is a longtime sportscaster with CBS Sports and formally with Turner Sports and ABC Sports. 

He backed up Chris Schenkel for ABC'S covering of bowling. He also called college football games for ABC. He started his career as the voice of the Dallas Cowboys. During his time at Turner Sports, he called college football, NFL, and NBA games for TNT and/or TBS. Lundquist replaced Gary Bender as play-by-play announcer for TNT Sunday Night Football before ESPN took over for Sunday Night Football full-time. 

Lundquist currently calls SEC games and other college football games for CBS with Gary Danielson and sideline reporter Tracy Wolfson. Lundquist also calls college basketball and golf tournaments for CBS. He used to call NFL and NBA games for the network. 

Lundquist is a native of Duluth, Minnesota. He graduated from Texas Lutheran College. 

Toll-like receptor

Toll-like receptors (TLRs) are proteins which act in the innate immune system and the digestive system. They are membrane-spanning, that is, they reach from the outside of the cell to the inside. 

TLRs recognize molecules which come from microbes. Once microbes get through physical barriers such as the skin or intestinal tract mucosa, they are recognized by TLRs. The TLRs set up an immune cell response.

TLR signalling leads to the induction or suppression of genes that orchestrate the inflammatory response. In all, thousands of genes are activated by TLR signalling, and the TLRs are one of the most important means of gene modulation.

Toll-like receptors have also been shown to be an important link between innate and adaptive immunity through their presence in dendritic cells.

Most mammalian species have between ten and fifteen types of Toll-like receptors. Thirteen TLRs (TLR1 to TLR13) have been identified in humans and mice, and similar ones have been found in other mammalian species. TLRs are not identical in all mammals. For example, a gene coding for a protein like TLR10 in humans is present in mice, but seems to have been damaged at some time by a retrovirus. On the other hand, mice express TLRs 11, 12, and 13, none of which is present in humans. Other mammals may express TLRs that are not found in humans. Non-mammalian species may have TLRs different from mammals.

They got their name from their similarity to the protein coded by the Toll gene identified in "Drosophila" in 1985 by Christiane Nüsslein-Volhard. The gene in question, when mutated, makes the Drosophila flies look unusual. The researchers were so surprised that they spontaneously shouted out in German "Das ist ja toll!" which translates as "That's great!".

Toll-like receptors are now counted among the key molecules that alert the immune system to the presence of microbial infections. In 1996, "Toll" was found by Jules A. Hoffmann and his colleagues to have an essential role in the fly's immunity to fungal infection. It worked by activating the synthesis of antimicrobial peptides. Plant homologues were discovered in 1995 (rice XA21), and 2000 ("Arabidopsis" FLS2).

TLR 4 function as a lipopolysaccharide (LPS) sensing receptor was discovered by Bruce A. Beutler and colleagues. These workers proved that mice which could not respond to LPS had mutations which abolished the function of TLR4. This identified TLR4 as one of the key components of the receptor for LPS.

Bill Macatee

Bill Macatee (born November 17, 1955) is a television sportscaster. 

He currently is with Tennis Channel and CBS Sports calling tennis tournaments, golf tournaments, and NFL games. He is paired with John McEnroe and Mary Joe Fernandez for tennis, Ian Baker-Finch for golf, and Steve Tasker for NFL games. 

He was sports director at KMBD-TV. Macatee was a sports correspondent for The Today Show and sports anchor at NBC News at Sunrise and Sunday Today. He was formally with NBC Sports and USA Sports. At NBC, he provided live reports and did studio hosting for NBC's coverage of NFL, college football, Major League Baseball, tennis, and college football. At USA, he covered PGA Tour, figure skating, boxing, and the 2006 Winter Olympics. Macatee also called college basketball games for CBS as well as Clash of Champions; a bowling program part of CBS Sports Spectacular.

Macatee was born in Rome, New York, and grew up in El Paso, Texas with his childhood friend Nick Rolen Macatee was once married to actress India Allen.

Jim Nantz

James William Nantz, III (born May 17, 1959) is a personality with CBS Sports. He currently partners with Clark Kellogg and Steve Kerr for college basketball games, Nick Faldo for golf tournaments, and Phil Simms for NFL games. 

His jobs include these:

Nantz has been honored with the NSSA’s National Sportscaster of the Year award five times (1998, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009).
In 2011, Nantz was named as a recipient of the Pete Rozelle Radio-Television Award from the Pro Football Hall of Fame.

Kevin Burkhardt

Kevin Burkhardt (born March 2, 1974) is a television field reporter for the New York Mets on SportsNet New York. Burkhardt works with Gary Cohen and Keith Hernandez or Ron Darling. He has also called New York Mets spring training games and New Jersey Jackals. In June of 2012, he filled in for Gary Cohen for the first time during regular season. He appears on Mets shows doing hosting and reporting for "Mets Hot Stove", "Mets Pre-Game Live", "Mets Post-Game Live", and "Mets Year in Review". Outside of baseball, he was a beat reporter for the New York Jets and provided sports reporting for Time-Warner Cable and WCBS-AM. Burkhardt also called college football and Dallas Cowboys games for the Compass Media Networks. Burkhardt was paired with Danny White. He now calls games for the NFL on Fox with John Lynch and Erin Andrews.

Kenny Albert

Kenny Albert (born February 2, 1968) is a sportscaster employed by MSG and Fox Sports. Kenny is the son of Marv Albert, a veteran basketball announcer.

In the 1990s, he was the voice of the Baltimore Skipjacks in the American Hockey League and the Washington Capitals in the NHL. He also called college basketball games for ESPN Plus and part-time games for the Washington Bullets. Albert was also the lead voice for NHL Radio. He also worked on Westwood One with Marv Albert, his dad, as a sideline reporter for Monday Night Football.

He does NFL games for Fox and also called NHL games for Fox. He also called BCS games on Fox, mainly the Sugar Bowl and Orange Bowl and the 2011 Cotton Bowl Classic. Albert also works on occasional Major League Baseball games on Fox and does the same role when MLB television was picked up by Fox Sports 1.
Starting in 2012, Albert began calling select NBA games for TNT.

Albert is also employed by MSG. He is the radio voice of the New York Rangers and calls select games for the New York Knicks. He also called high school basketball, college basketball, and games for New York Liberty.

Albert calls Washington Redskins preseason with Joe Theismann. He also filled in for TV coverage for the Washington Nationals and Baltimore Orioles. He called Ice Hockey at the 2002, 2006, and 2010 Winter Olympics and called NHL games for OLN, Versus, NBC, and NBC Sports Network.

Broadcasting partners

Paul Burmeister

Paul Burmeister (born March 10, 1971) is an analyst for the NFL Network. He hosts shows like "College Scoreboard", "Path to the Draft" and "Playbook".

Burmeister was an American football quarterback at the University of Iowa. He led his team to the Alamo Bowl. He was a throwing quarterback at the 1994 NFL Scouting Combine.

Before he worked for the NFL Network, Burmeister was a sports anchor for KWWL in Waterloo, Iowa. There, he worked with Rick Coleman and Chris Kolkhorst.


Steve Albert

Steve Albert (born Stephen Aufrichtig on April 26, 1952 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American former sportscaster. He is the younger brother of Marv Albert and Al Albert and the uncle of Kenny Albert. He was the lead play-by-play voice of "Showtime Championship Boxing". He has been sports anchor for three New York local television affiliates - WNBC-TV, WWOR-TV, and WCBS-TV. He has been a play-by-play voice for the New Jersey Nets, New Orleans Hornets, Phoenix Suns, Cleveland Cavaliers, New York Mets, New York Jets, New York Rangers and New York Islanders. He was the television voice of the Phoenix Suns between 2012 and the end of the 2016–17 season.

Vince Cellini

Vince Cellini (born June 10, 1959) is a sportscaster. He was the preseason play-by-play announcer for the Atlanta Falcons. He also was a studio host for Golf Channel and is a reporter/interviewer for Golf on TNT. Cellini started his career at WJW-TV as a sports anchor. He also hosted "Calling All Sports" and "CNN Sports Illustrated" and was an anchor on CNN Sports Illustrated. He was also a studio host for NFL on TNT, NBA on TNT, and the NBA on TBS. He currently is a studio host for NBA TV. He hosted two shows on NASCAR.com: "Fantasy Showdown" and "The Preview Show". In the summer of 2011, he co-hosted Par Three Shootout. He has also hosted "Hawks Live", a pregame show for the Atlanta Hawks since 2010 and covered the Atlanta Braves and Atlanta Thrashers.

Chris Myers

Chris Myers (born March 28, 1959) is a personality with Fox Sports and formally with ESPN and Tennis Channel. 

For ESPN, he anchored SportsCenter, Baseball Tonight, and Up Close. For ESPN, he also covered, the National Basketball Association, college basketball, golf, and horse racing. He is a play-by-play announcer for Tampa Bay Buccaneers preseason games. He is a play-by-play for the NFL on Fox. He also does reporting for MLB on Fox and BCS on Fox. He also hosts Inside NASCAR. Myers called his first Major League Baseball game for Fox in July of 2012. 

He was born in Miami, Florida now lives in Los Angeles. His son Christopher died in a car crash on February 16, 2012.

Don Criqui

Don Criqui (born May 5, 1940 in Buffalo, New York) is an American sportscaster. He currently works for CBS Sports. He is most famous for calling Tom Dempsey's 63 yard field goal. 

Criqui's duties include occasional television coverage of National Football League games, women's and men's college basketball, occasional college football and radio play-by-play of ISP Sports' coverage of Notre Dame Fighting Irish football. Since 1995, he has been the voice of the New England Patriots pre-season football with Randy Cross.
He also worked for NBC Sports calling the CFL, NFL, college football, college basketball, tennis, golf, the Olympics, and NHL games

Mike Crispino

Mike Crispino is an American sportscaster. He is the radio play-by-play announcer for the New York Knicks. 

He called Boston Celtics games during the 1989-1990 season. He called New England Patriots pre-season games in 1992. From 1988-92, he called the play-by-play for college basketball games on ESPN and SportsChannel, while also calling college football, boxing, baseball, and lacrosse for the New England Sports Network. He has also been play by play announcer for the New York Giants, New York Jets, New York CityHawks, PGA Golf, and Bridgeport Bluefish.

Earl Gillespie

Earl Gillespie (July 25, 1922-December 12, 2003) was a sportscaster. He called games for the Milwaukee Braves, Green Bay Packers, Wisconsin Badgers football and basketball, and Marquette Golden Eagles basketball. He also called games nationally for DuMont, NBC Radio, and Mutual Radio.

Eli Gold

Eli Gold (born December 15, 1953) is a broadcaster best known for calling play-by-play of NASCAR. 

He currently calls races for the Motor Racing Network. He also called NASCAR races for CBS and TNN. Gold also called hockey games for the St. Louis Blues, Nashville Predators, and the Birmingham Bulls. He hosted shows "Calling All Sports" and "Sports Talk with Eli" and was sports director at WBRC-TV. Gold is currently the voice of the Alabama Crimson Tide football. He called college football games for the Sports USA Radio Network. Gold also calls National Football League Games for the network. He was the men's basketball play-by-play announcer for the UAB Blazers and the baseball Birmingham Barons. Gold also called Arena Football League games for TNN and NBC.

According to NASCAR driver Kenny Wallace, Gold "is one of the most recognizable voices in NASCAR and in all of sports broadcasting."

Dick Stockton

Dick Stockton (born November 22, 1942 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American sportscaster. He currently works for Fox Sports and Turner Sports as a football, baseball, and basketball play-by-play announcer.

IPhone 5

The iPhone 5 is a smartphone made by Apple. It is the sixth generation of the iPhone, the next smartphone after the iPhone 4S and before the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C. It was revealed on September 12, 2012 and then released on September 21, 2012.

Sports commentator

In sports broadcasting, a commentator is the person who is saying what is happening in the game. In the case of television commentary, the commentator is usually only heard and not often seen. In North American English, a commentator is also called an announcer or sportscaster. Often, the main commentator (called a play-by-play in North America) works with a color commentator and sometimes a sideline reporter. With big events, many sideline reporters are used. 

Most sports television broadcast have one play-by-play announcer and one color commentator. An example is NBC Sunday Night Football in the United States. It is called by Cris Collinsworth, a former American football receiver, and Al Michaels, a professional announcer. In the United Kingdom, there is not as much of a difference between play-by-play and color commentary. Two-man commentary teams usually have a person formal journalistic training but little or no sports experience leading the commentary, and an expert former (or current) competitor dealing with analysis. There are exceptions to this. All of the United Kingdom's major cricket and snooker commentators are former professionals in their sports. The well known Formula One racing commentator Murray Walker had no formal journalistic training and only a small amount of racing experience of his own.

Using a play-by-play announcer and one or more color commentators is standard . In the past it was much more common for a play-by-play announcer to work alone. 

Although sports broadcasts started in 1912, the first sports commentary was broadcast in April 1921. It was done by Florent Gibson of the "Pittsburgh Post" newspaper. He was covering the fight between Johnny Ray and Johnny "Hutch" Dundee at the Motor Square Garden, Pittsburgh.

In the United States, nearly all professional sports teams, most collegiate teams have their own Sports commentators. These people are usually thought of as the voice of the team on radio broadcasts. They are often considered a part of the team like the players or the coaches. Television networks and cable channels will also have their own group of play-by-play announcers that work with different teams.

Adele Willie is a famous sport commentator from the Pacific Islands. 


Larry Storch

Lawrence Samuel "Larry" Storch (January 8, 1923 – July 8, 2022) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor and comedian. He was known for his roles as Randolph Agarn in "F Troop" and as the voice of the Joker in some Batman specials as well as 2 Scooby-Doo/Batman specials. 

Storch was born in New York City, New York. Storch was married to Norma Catherine Greve from 1961 until her death in 2003. Storch had three children.

Storch died on July 8, 2022 in New York City from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 99.


Ted Knight

Ted Knight (Tadeusz Wladyslaw Konopka, December 7, 1923 – August 26, 1986) was an American comedian, movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He was known for his roles as Ted Baxter in "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and as Judge Elihu Smails in "Caddyshack". 

Knight was born on December 7, 1923 in Terryville, Connecticut. He was married to Dorothy Smith from 1948 until his death in 1986. They had three children, Ted, Jr., Elyse, and Eric Knight. 

Knight died on August 26, 1986 in Glendale, California after going through colorectal cancer-surgery complications, aged 62. He is buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California. 


Aikton

Aikton is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 480 people living in Aikton.

Allonby

Allonby is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001, 462 people lived in Allonby.

Bassenthwaite

Bassenthwaite is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 412 people living in Bassenthwaite.

Blindcrake

Blindcrake is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 287 people living in Blindcrake.

Bowness-on-Solway

Bowness-on-Solway is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1221 people living in Bowness-on-Solway.

Bridekirk

Bridekirk is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 636 people living in Bridekirk.

John Ingle

John Ingle (May 7, 1928 – September 16, 2012) was an American movie, television, and voice actor. He was known for his voice role as Edward Quartermaine in "General Hospital".

Ingle was born on May 7, 1928 in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Ingle was married to Grace-Lynne from 1954 until her death in 2012. They had five children. Ingle died on September 16, 2012 from melanoma in his home in Los Angeles, California, aged 84.

Brigham

Brigham is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 480 people living in Brigham.

Bromfield

Bromfield is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 530 people living in Bromfield.

Broughton Moor

Broughton Moor is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 726 people living in Broughton Moor.

Buttermere

Buttermere is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 127 people living in Buttermere.

Camerton

Camerton is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 172 people living in Camerton.

Crosscanonby

Crosscanonby is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1054 people living in Crosscanonby.

Dean, Cumbria

Dean is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1,077 people living in Dean.

Dearham

Dearham is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001, 2028 people lived in Dearham.

Dundraw

Dundraw is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 167 people living in Dundraw.

Embleton

Embleton is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 297 people living in Embleton.

Gilcrux

Gilcrux is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 303 people living in Gilcrux.

Greysouthen

Greysouthen is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 508 people living in Greysouthen.

Holme St Cuthbert

Holme St Cuthbert is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 421 people living in Holme St Cuthbert.

Kirkbampton

Kirkbampton is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 471 people living in Kirkbampton.

George Hamilton (actor)

George Stevens Hamilton (born August 12, 1939) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He has appeared in some comedy movies such as in; "Love at First Bite", "Zorro", and "Gay Blade". He has won a Saturn Award (1979).

Hamilton was born in Memphis, Tennessee on August 12, 1939. Hamilton was married to Alana Stewart from 1972 until they divorced in 1973. Hamilton was partners with Kinberly Blackford from 1997 until they split up in 1999. With Stewart, he has a son and with Blackford, he has a child.


Loweswater

Loweswater is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 209 people living in Loweswater.

James Eagan Holmes

James Eagan Holmes (born December 13, 1987) is an American who shot and killed 12 people in the mass murder in Aurora, Colorado on 20 July 2012. He had no criminal record before the shooting. Holmes was born in San Diego, California on December 13, 1987. He is an agnostic.

On July 16, 2015, he was convicted of twenty-four counts of first-degree murder, 140 counts of attempted first-degree murder, one count of possessing explosives, and a sentence enhancement of a crime of violence. On August 7, 2015, he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.


Cristoforo Ivanovich

Cristoforo Ivanovich (1628-1689; ; Montenegrin: "Krsto Ivanovic") was a montenegrin "Marinist" poet from the Albania veneta of the Republic of Venice. He is the author of the first "History of Theater". He wrote in Italian -as in all his works- a critical chronology of opera drama done in Venice.

Ivanovich was born in Budua (now Montenegro) in 1628. He died in Venice in 1688. He was from an old Dalmatian family with roots in the original Dalmatian neolatin people of southern Illyria.

From the time he was young, he showed love for poetry. He started composing when he was a teenager. At age 25 he moved to Italy, where he built a successful career as a scientist, wrote poetry, and became a highly esteemed writer of opera libretti. He then went to Verona in 1655, where he was a member of the "Accademia Filarmonica" and the "Accademia dei Temperati".

In 1657, he moved to Venice. He stayed there until his death in 1688. From 1663 he wrote celebrative writings, linked to the operatic market, that were presented in the theaters of Venice, Vienna and Piacenza. In his last years he wrote his most known work: "Le memorie teatrali di Venezia".

His main opera works, all in Italian, were the opera librettos: 

In 1681 he wrote what is considered by critics his most famous work, "Le memorie teatrali di Venezia", where he wanted to preserve the chronological history of theater and drama in Venice.




Jeanne Zelasko

Jeanne Zelasko (born October 26, 1966 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American journalist and sportscaster. She has worked as a reporter for Judge Joe Brown. She also worked for MLB Network. She also was a studio host MLB on FOX, a sideline reporter for "BCS on Fox" and "NFL on Fox", and a pit reporter for NASCAR.


Protein structure

Protein structure describes how protein molecules are organised. This structure is what makes proteins work.

Proteins are important biological macromolecules present in all organisms. They are polymers formed from 20 possible amino acids by RNA translation. Protein structures range in size from tens to several thousand amino acids.

After translation, proteins fold into specific shapes. This is not done by chemical bonds but by weaker forces such as hydrogen bonds. To understand how proteins work, it is often necessary to discover their three-dimensional structure. To do this biophysics uses techniques such as X-ray crystallography, NMR spectroscopy, and dual polarisation interferometry.

A protein may switch from one shape to another as it does its job. The alternative states of the same protein are called "conformations". An enzyme, for instance, will have at least two conformations: one with its co-enzyme and one without. The form with its coenzyme will have two conformations: one with its substrate and one without.

There are four distinct levels of protein structure.

Proteins are molecules that consist of one or more chains of amino acids. Each different protein has a set of amino acids in a particular order. The primary structure is the sequence of the amino acids of a single polypeptide chain from its start (N-terminus) to its end (C-terminus). The amino acids are held together by a specific type of covalent bond, known as a peptide bond, which are made during the process of protein biosynthesis or translation.

Secondary structure is the most simple structure made by proteins' polypeptide chains. There are two main types of secondary structure: alpha helix and beta strand (beta sheet). Alpha helices are coils that turn in a clockwise rotation. Beta strands are chains of amino acids that lie beside each other to make a beta sheet. These two types of secondary structure were suggested in 1951 by Linus Pauling and coworkers. Unlike the polypeptide chain, which is bonded through covalent peptide bonds, secondary structure is formed by hydrogen bonds.

This is the shape (spatial organization) of an entire protein molecule. Protein folding is largely self-organising. It is mainly decided by the protein's primary structure. This is called Anfinsen's dogma. However, the environment in which a protein is made and folded also effect its final shape.

If proteins are built of more than one polypeptide, this gives another level of structure. The quaternary structure, is how the polypeptide subunits fit together. Haemoglobin, for example, has two alpha and two beta chains. Both the alpha chains and beta chains are coded for by a cluster of six or seven genes, which provide the code for different versions of the molecule.


Tracy Wolfson

Tracy Wolfson (born March 17, 1975) is an American sportscaster with CBS Sports. She is currently a sideline reporter for "SEC on CBS", College basketball on CBS, and a court reporter for tennis on CBS. She does sideline reporting on NBA playoffs for TNT and NFL preseason games for CBS and was a reporter for auto racing. She covered golf, arena football, and college football for ESPN. She is one of the studio hosts for CBS' coverage of NCAA Basketball replacing Sam Ryan. In 2004 she was named one of the "Best New Faces" of the NCAA tournament in the USA Today.

Stephen McKinley Henderson

Stephen McKinley Henderson (born August 31, 1949) is an American movie, television, and voice actor who is recently known for his roles as Arthur in "Everyday People", as Lester in the 2011 movie "Tower Heist", and as William Slade in "Lincoln". He will star in the 2021 movie "Dune".

Henderson was born on August 31, 1949 in Kansas City, Missouri.

Al Albert

Al Albert is a former sportscaster. He is the brother of sportscasters Marv and Steve, and is the uncle of Kenny Albert. He worked for USA calling MLB, NBA, NHL, and boxing. He called games for the New York Nets, Denver Nuggets, Indiana Pacers, and the New York Islanders.

Carter Blackburn

Carter Blackburn (born 1979) is an American sportscaster. He has worked for ABC, ESPN, ESPN Radio (for BCS games), and ESPNU calling college football, basketball, and lacrosse. He performed a similar role for Fox Sports Net and ISP Sports. Blackburn called regional NFL games for Fox Sports.

Kevin Kugler

Kevin Kugler is a former co-host of "Unsportsmanlike Conduct". He calls college football, basketball, and baseball for Westwood One/Dial Global. Kugler was added to the NFL booth and was the voice of the Nebraska Cornhuskers football and men's basketball. Kugler also calls college football and basketball games for the Big Ten Network as well as Jacksonville Jaguars preseason games replacing Paul Burmeister.

Mike Breen

Michael "Mike" Breen (born May 22, 1961) is an American play-by-play sportscaster. He calls games for the New York Knicks and ABC as well as ESPN. He is also lead play-by-play on ESPN's coverage of the WNBA. He did the same job for NBC. He also called NBA on NBC and TNT and has called basketball during the Olympics for NBC. Breen has also called college basketball. He called games for ESPN and Marist Red Foxes. In addition to basketball, he called NFL games: first for NBC and second for Fox.

Datsik (musician)

Datsik (real name: Troy Beetles) (born June 9, 1988 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a dubstep DJ and music producer. 

Datsik started producing dubstep after he heard his friend Excision play at the Shambhala Music Festival in 2008. The name Datsik was inspired by Beetles' former Xbox Live gamertag. He started his own record label called Firepower Records in early 2012. He released his debut studio album titled, Vitamin D on April 10, 2012. He is known to work frequently with fellow Canadian producers Excision and Downlink.


Bob Papa

Bob Papa (born September 19, 1964) is an American sportscaster. He works for the New York Giants, Golf Channel, and HBO as play-by-play for "Boxing After Dark". He also calls boxing during the Olympics. Papa did the same work for boxing for NBC, ESPN, and SportsChannel America. He is the host of "Opening Drive". Papa was the studio host for Giants broadcasts before going to the booth and called "Thursday Night Football" games on NFL Network. He also called BCS games and college football games for Versus. He was one of the members of "AFL on NBC" as well as the NFL on Westwood One. He was the host of "Giants Online" and "Giants Training Camp Report". Papa called college basketball games for Westwood as well as the New Jersey Nets. He also called Winter Olympics for NBC. Papa was the studio host for NHL on SportsChannel America as well as calling the All American Bowl for NBC.

Bob Carpenter

Bob Carpenter (born 1952 or 1953) is a sportscaster currently calling games for the Washington Nationals. He also called games for the Minnesota Twins, New York Mets, St. Louis Cardinals, and the Texas Rangers as well as MLB, Minor League Baseball, and college baseball games for ESPN. He has also called college football and basketball for ESPN and USA. He called college basketball games for CBS as well as the FIFA World Cup for ESPN. Carpenter called tennis and golf tournaments for USA.

Ken Jeong

Kendrick Kang-Joh “Ken” Jeong (born July 13, 1969) or Dr. Ken is an American stand-up comedian, actor and physician. He is known for his roles as Leslie Chow in "The Hangover", "The Hangover Part II", and in "The Hangover Part III". He also starred as Ben Chang in "Community". 

Jeong was born in Detroit, Michigan on July 13, 1969. He studied at Duke University and at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Jeong is married to Tran Ho. They have two daughters.


Ed Helms

Edward Parker "Ed" Helms (born January 24, 1974) is an American comedian, actor and voice artist. He played Dr. Stu Price in "The Hangover", "The Hangover Part II", and in "The Hangover Part III" and as Andy Bernard in the American sitcom "The Office". Helms was born in Atlanta, Georgia.


Barry Pepper

Barry Robert Pepper (born April 4, 1970) is a Canadian movie, television and voice actor. He is known for his roles as Dean Stanton in the 1999 movie "The Green Mile", Robert F. Kennedy in the 2011 mini-series "The Kennedys" and Saving Private Ryan (the sniper). He won an Emmy Award in 2011 for his role as Robert F. Kennedy.

Pepper was born in Campbell River, British Columbia, Canada. Pepper has been married to Cindy Pepper since 1997. They have a child.

John Wood

John Wood, OBE (July 5, 1930 August 6, 2011) was an English movie, stage, and television actor. He was in movies such as "WarGames" (1983), "Ladyhawke" (1985), "Jumpin' Jack Flash" (1986), "Richard III" (1995), "Sabrina" (1995), and "The Revengers' Comedies" (1997). He won a Tony Award (1976) and a Drama Desk Award (1976).

Wood was born on July 5, 1930 in Derbyshire, United Kingdom. He was raised in Gloucestershire. Wood was married to Gillian Neason until they divorced in 1975. He was married to Sylvia Vaughan from 1977 until his death in 2011. Wood died on August 6, 2011 in his home in Gloucestershire, United Kingdom from unknown causes, aged 81.


Robert Hardy

Timothy Sydney Robert Hardy, CBE, FSA (29 October 1925 – 3 August 2017) was an English television, movie, and stage actor. His career began in the 1959 movie "Coriolanus".

Hardy was born in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire on 29 October 1925. He was married to Elizabeth Fox from 1952 until they divorced in 1956. He was later married to Sally Pearson from 1961 until they divorced in 1986.

Hardy died at a retirement center in London, England on 3 August 2017 at the age of 91.

Russell E. Train

Russell Errol Train (June 4, 1920 – September 17, 2012) or Russell Train was an American Republican politician. He was the leader of the Chairperson of the Council on Environmental Quality from 1970 through 1973. He later was the leader of the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from 1973 through 1977.

Train was born in Jamestown, Rhode Island on June 4, 1920. Train studied at Princeton University and at Columbia University. Train was married to Aileen Train until his death in 2012. Train died on September 17, 2012 in his ranch in Bozman, Maryland from natural causes, aged 92.


Ed Asner

Eddie Asner (November 15, 1929 – August 29, 2021), better known as Ed Asner, was an American actor, voice artist and former president of the Screen Actors Guild.

Asner was born Eddie Asner in Kansas City, Missouri on November 15, 1929.

He was the president of Screen Actors Guild.

He was best known for his Emmy Award winning role Lou Grant on both the "Mary Tyler Moore Show" and "Lou Grant". In 2009, he voiced Carl Fredricksen in the Pixar movie "Up". In 2011, Asner returned to television as butcher Hank Greziak in "Working Class", the first original sitcom on cable CMT. He is currently starring in a Canadian television series "Michael, Tuesdays and Thursdays", on CBC Television. Asner was born in Kansas City, Missouri, but was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Asner was married to Nancy Sykes from 1959 to 1988; they have four children. He married Cindy Gilmore from 1998 to 2007. California Governor Gavin Newsom is his nephew by marriage. 

Asner died of natural causes on August 29, 2021 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 91.





R. Lee Ermey

Ronald Lee Ermey (March 24, 1944 – April 15, 2018) was an American actor and voice actor. Ermey served with the United States Marine Corps in Vietnam and was retired in 1971. He was the voice of Sarge in "Toy Story", "Toy Story 2", and "Toy Story 3". Ermey was born on March 24, 1944 in Emporia, Kansas. He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his role as Gunnery Sergeant Hartman in "Full Metal Jacket".

Ermey was married to Nila Ermey from 1975 until his death in 2018; they had 4 children. Ermey retired as a Staff Sergeant but was later given the honorary rank of Gunnery Sergeant.

Ermey died on April 15, 2018 of complications from pneumonia at a hospital in Santa Monica, California at the age of 74.





Jack Angel

Jack Angel (October 24, 1930 – October 18, 2021) was an American actor, voice artist, and comedian. He was known for his many voice roles in children's shows and movies. He provided "Rocky Gibraltar" in the "Toy Story" and "Toy Story 2" and Chunk in "Toy Story 3".

He provided additional voices for "Scooby-Doo and Scrappy-Doo", "The Dukes", "Snorks", "Dino-Riders", "The Smurfs", "Asterix and the Big Fight", "The Little Mermaid", "", "Land of Enchantment", "", "Aladdin", "The Hunchback of Notre Dame", "Hercules", "Mulan", "The Iron Giant", "Monsters, Inc.", "Lilo & Stitch", "Treasure Planet", "", "Gothic 3", "Horton Hears a Who", "", "The Darkness II", "The Lorax", "Monsters University" and "Despicable Me 2".

Angel was born and raised in Modesto, California on October 24, 1930.

Angel has been married twice. He was first married to Barbara Angel and they divorced in 1980. In 1984 he married his second wife, talent agent and agency owner Arlene Thornton. The couple has three children. They lived in Studio City, California and Malibu, California.

Angel died at his Malibu home on October 18, 2021 at the age of 90.






Larry Flynt

Larry Claxton Flynt, Jr. (November 1, 1942 – February 10, 2021) was an American publisher. He published "Hustler" magazine. In 1978, Flynt was shot in an assassination attempt by Joseph Paul Franklin. That left him paralyzed from the waist down. Flynt had a golden wheelchair. Franklin was executed in November 2013 by lethal injection.

Flynt was born on November 1, 1942 in Magoffin County, Kentucky.

Flynt was married several times. He was married to Mary Flynt from 1961 until they divorced in 1965. He was married to Peggy Flynt from 1966 until they divorced in 1969. He was married to Kathy Flynt from 1970 until they divorced in 1975. He was married to Althea Leasure from 1976 until her death in 1987. He was married to Elizabeth Berrios from 1998 until his death.

Flynt had said that he has bipolar disorder.

Flynt died from heart failure in Los Angeles on February 10, 2021, at the age of 78.


George McGovern

George Stanley McGovern (July 19, 1922 – October 21, 2012) was an American historian and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

McGovern was born in Avon, South Dakota on July 19, 1922. He studied at Dakota Wesleyan University and at Northwestern University.

McGovern was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from South Dakota's 1st district from 1957 through 1961. After that he was the Senator of South Dakota.

In 1968, McGovern decided to run for President because Robert F. Kennedy was assassinated. McGovern was the Democratic presidential nominee for the 1972 presidential election. His running mate was Sargent Shriver. He lost to Richard Nixon.

Later he was the United States Ambassador to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agriculture from 1998 through 2001.

McGovern was married to Eleanor Stegeberg from 1943 until her death in 2007. McGovern is survived by his 4 daughters. His son (July 27, 1952 - July 27, 2012) was an alcoholic.

McGovern died on October 21, 2012 in Sioux Falls, South Dakota from natural causes, aged 90.


Tim Gunn

Timothy MacKenzie Gunn (born July 29, 1953) is an American fashion consultant, television personality, actor, voice actor and author. He served on the faculty of Parsons The New School for Design from 1982 to 2007 and was chair of fashion design at the school from August 2000 to March 2007, after which he joined Liz Claiborne as its chief creative officer. Over 16 seasons Gunn has become well known as the on-air mentor to designers on the reality television program "Project Runway". Gunn's popularity on "Project Runway" led to two spin-off shows, Bravo's "Tim Gunn's Guide to Style" and Lifetime's "Under the Gunn", as well as five books. In addition to being an executive producer, Gunn has served as mentor for the teen designers on "". He also provides the voice of Baileywick, the castle steward in the Disney Junior television show "Sofia the First" and narrated the sitcom "Mixology".

Papcastle

Papcastle is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 406 people living in Papcastle.

Plumbland

Plumbland is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 367 people living in Plumbland.

Sebergham

Sebergham is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 361 people living in Sebergham.

Silloth

Silloth is a town and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 2932 people living in Silloth.

Westnewton

Westnewton is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 247 people living in Westnewton.

Westward

Westward is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 814 people living in Westward.

Winscales

Winscales is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 186 people living in Winscales.

Darrell Dexter

Darrell Dexter (born September 10, 1957) is a Canadian lawyer, journalist and former naval officer. He was the 27th Premier of the Canadian province of Nova Scotia from 2009 to 2013. Dexter was a part of the Nova Scotia New Democratic Party. He was the first NDP premier in Atlantic Canada.

List of current Canadian first ministers

Canada is a parliamentary democracy that includes ten provinces and three territories. Each province and territory has a head of government. Those people are called "Premiers" to avoid confusion with the federal Prime Minister.

All but five of the Premiers are men. The longest-serving Premier is Dalton McGuinty of Ontario, who has held the position since October 23, 2003; the newest Premier is Pauline Marois of Quebec, who assumed office on September 17, 2012. The oldest premier, Pauline Marois of Quebec, was born in 1949; The youngest Premier, Robert Ghiz of Prince Edward Island, was born in 1974. There are thirteen incumbent Premiers, of which three are from a Liberal Party, three are from a Conservative Party, two are from the New Democratic Party, one is from the Parti Québécois, one is from the Saskatchewan Party, one is from the Yukon Party, and two are non-partisan.


Cleator Moor

Cleator Moor is a town and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 6939 people living in Cleator Moor.

Haile

Haile is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 237 people living in Haile.

Lamplugh

Lamplugh is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 763 people living in Lamplugh.

Lowca

Lowca is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 773 people living in Lowca.

Josh Lewin

Josh Lewin (born October 25, 1968) is an American sportscaster currently calling games for the New York Mets and formally with the Texas Rangers with Tom Grieve.
Lewin also called baseball games with the Rochester Red Wings, Baltimore Orioles, Chicago Cubs, Detroit Tigers, and Major League Baseball on Fox. Outside of baseball, he is the radio voice of the San Diego Chargers with Hank Bauer. He was the play-by-play announcer for the NFL on Sports USA and the NFL on Fox. He did some hockey games for the Dallas Stars (substituting for Ralph Strangis who was injured in a car accident), NHL on Fox, and Fox Sports Detroit's coverage of CCHA Hockey. He also handles various collegiate assignments. The Big Ten Network added Josh Lewin for their coverage of college football. Lewin also calls college basketball games for Fox Sports Net and Sports USA. Lewin has done play-by-play for Sports USA's coverage of college football. Lewin formally called play-by-play for basketball games for the Michigan State University and Southern Methodist University. Josh was the host of The Josh and Elf Show until being replaced by Jane Slater, as the Elf and Slater show, since Lewin was hired by the New York Mets replacing Wayne Hagin.

Ponsonby

Ponsonby is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 92 people living in Ponsonby.

St Bees

St Bees is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1717 people living in St Bees.

Craig Minervini

Craig Minervini is an American sportscaster. He is host of "Marlins Live" and "Panthers Live". 

He called Florida Panthers games for the radio. He calls select Florida Marlins play-by-play when Rich Waltz is on MLB Network. He was sports anchor for WNBC-TV and WTVJ-TV sports anchor. He also has done play-by-play for various other sports include Notre Dame Football on NBC, CBS Sports Spectacular, College World Series on ESPN, Major League Soccer, XFL on TNN, Boxing on TNN, Mixed Martial Arts on TNN, Syracuse Chiefs, and Syracuse Orangemen, football, basketball, lacrosse, and soccer. Minervini currently hosts Panthers Live.

Ulpha

Ulpha is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 159 people living in Ulpha.

Aldingham

Aldingham is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1187 people living in Aldingham.

Barbon

Barbon is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 263 people living in Barbon.

Cartmel Fell

Cartmel Fell is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 309 people living in Cartmel Fell.

Casterton

Casterton is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 500 people living in Casterton.

Colton

Colton is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 765 people living in Colton. In 1202 it was called Coleton, which was the Old English name for "village". It is built beside a small stream called Colton Beck. The Church of Holy Trinity was built in 1578 and listed by English Heritage as a Grade 2 building.

Crook

Crook is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 340 people living in Crook.

Dent

Dent is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 675 people living in Dent.

Firbank

Firbank is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 97 people living in Firbank.

Garsdale

Garsdale is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 202 people living in Garsdale.

Grayrigg

Grayrigg is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 223 people living in Grayrigg.

Haverthwaite

Haverthwaite is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 728 people living in Haverthwaite.

Hawkshead

Hawkshead is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 589 people living in Hawkshead.

Heversham

Heversham is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 647 people living in Heversham.

Hincaster

Hincaster is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 195 people living in Hincaster.

Holme

Holme is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1167 people living in Holme.

Kentmere

Kentmere is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 95 people living in Kentmere.

Jon Sciambi

Jon "Boog" Sciambi (born April 11, 1970 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American sportscaster for ESPN. He currently calls Major League Baseball games for ESPN Radio and formerly did television work for ESPN. He also calls college basketball for ESPN, ESPNU (occasionally), and ESPN Radio. He was a play-by-play announcer for the Florida Marlins and Atlanta Braves as well as ESPN Little League World Series.

Sciambi's nickname "Boog," is because he looks like former major league player Boog Powell.

Lipopolysaccharide

Lipopolysaccharides (LPS), also known as lipoglycans, are large molecules made of a lipid and a polysaccharide joined by a covalent bond.

They occur in the outer membrane of Gram-negative bacteria, and act as triggers for the innate immune system. Their presence is sensed by toll-like receptors on dendritic cells. This causes a strong immune response in animals.

Ernie Johnson Jr.

Ernest Johnson, Jr. (born November 5, 1956) is a sportscaster for Turner Sports coverage on TNT, TBS, truTV and CBS Sports. 

He calls play-by-play for Golf on TNT and MLB on TBS. He is also the studio host for the NBA on TNT and college basketball tournaments for Turner Sports and CBS Sports. Johnson called Atlanta Braves games from 1993-1996 and again in 2010. He was also the studio host for TNT's coverage of the Wimbledon Championships. He also worked on Olympic Games and Goodwill Games for Turner Sports. He was a co-host for Charles Barkley's talk show "Listen Up". Johnson also called weightlifting at the 2000 Summer Olympics for NBC. Johnson has called occasional NBA games for TNT.

Johnson is the son of the late pitcher for the Milwaukee Braves Ernie Johnson Sr.

Craig Sager

Craig Graham Sager, Sr. (June 29, 1951 – December 15, 2016) was a Turner Sports personality. He was the lead sideline reporter with Marv Albert, Reggie Miller, and Steve Kerr for the NBA on TNT and the lead field reporter for MLB on TBS with Ernie Johnson Jr., Ron Darling, and John Smoltz. He also did college basketball tournaments with Albert and Kerr for CBS and Turner Sports as the #2 team.

He was sports director for two television stations: WINK-TV and KMBD-TV. He was a sports anchor for two other television stations: WTSP (also a sports reporter), and WXLT-TV. He was an anchor for CNN Sports Tonight, College Football Scoreboard and an anchor for the defunct television network CNN Sports Illustrated. While at Kansas City, he provided play-by-play for the Kansas City Kings, Kansas City Royals spring training, and Kansas City Chiefs preseason. 

He also was on the fields and sidelines reporting for the Goodwill Games on TBS, TNT World Cup, Golf on TNT, Tennis on TNT, college football on TBS, and TNT Sunday Night Football where he also was the studio host for college football on TBS. Sager called Nordic Skiing and Curling at the 1992 Winter Olympics for TNT. He was a sideline reporter for other basketball tournaments for TNT and has been the Olympic Basketball sideline reporter for NBC since 2008. 

While at NBC, he was also a sideline reporter for the 1999 National League Championship Series, 1999 World Series, and Notre Dame Football on NBC.

Sager was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia in 2014. On December 15, 2016, Sager died from the disease in Atlanta, Georgia, aged 65.

Matt Vasgersian

Matt Vasgersian (born September 28, 1967) is an American sportscaster. He works for MLB Network. He is the new pregame/postgame show host for MLB on Foxreplacing Chris Rose in the MLB Network studios. He does occasional play-by-play for Fox Saturday Baseball. He is also the lead play-by-play for Thursday Night Baseball for MLB Network. He also called baseball games for the San Diego Padres, Milwaukee Brewers, MLB on TBS, Tucson Toros, High Desert Mavericks, and baseball & softball at the 2004 Summer Olympics on NBC. His trademark was: Santa Maria! on a walk off hit, a great play, a no hitter, or a perfect game. He is also the host of Baseball IQ, MLB Network's first ever game show. He has also hosted other shows for Fox Sports Net such as Celebrity Blackjack, Sports Geniuses, Poker Superstars Invitational Tournament, National Heads-Up Poker Championship, and the International World Championships of Rock Paper Scissors. In addition to baseball, poker, and game shows, he has called Olympic games and football. Vasgersian was the announcer for ski jumping at the 2006 Winter Olympics for NBC and anchored the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2010 Winter Olympics for the NBC family. Vasgersian called one season for NBC's coverage of the XFL before it folded. He also called BCS games for Fox most notably with Terry Donahue and Pat Haden and sideline reporter Laura Okmin. Vasgersian also called NFL games for Fox from 2005 until 2009 when MLB Network launched. However, he returned for Week 17 of the 2009 NFL season. Vasgersian also called USC Trojans men's basketball for Fox Sports Net and has been a fill-in voice for UFC on FSN when Mike Goldberg was studio hosting for college football.

Dave O'Brien

Dave O'Brien is an American sportscaster for the Boston Red Sox Radio Network and ESPN. He is an announcer for college basketball games and Major League Baseball games. He was the play-by-play announcer for the Atlanta Braves, Georgia Bulldogs football and basketball, Miami Hurricanes football and basketball, Florida Marlins, and New York Mets. He also called NBA games and MLB on ESPN Radio postseason games as well. He also called the FIFA World Cup, Major League Soccer, and the National Basketball Association for ESPN.

Al Michaels

Alan Richard "Al" Michaels (born November 12, 1944) is an American sportscaster. He was best known working for ABC Sports for nearly three decades. He is the lead voice of NBC Sunday Night Football. He was the daytime anchor for two Olympics: 2010 Vancouver Olympics and 2012 London Olympics. He called games for many years for the National Football League games.

Michaels has won many awards during his career, including the Emmy Award for Outstanding Sports Personality (Play-by-Play Host) five times, the NSSA Award from the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association three times, and "Sportscaster of the Year" once each from the American Sportscasters Association and the Washington Journalism Review. In October 2004, Michaels was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Michaels had an acting role in a 1970 episode of "Hawaii Five-O". He has appeared as himself in the movies "Jerry Maguire" and "BASEketball", as well as on several TV shows including "Coach" and "Spin City". His call of the U.S. hockey team's victory in the 1980 Olympics can be heard in the 2004 movie "Miracle". 

Dan Shulman

Daniel "Dan" Shulman (born February 9, 1967, in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian sportscaster currently with Sportsnet and ESPN. He currently calls games for MLB on ESPN, MLB on ESPN Radio, College Basketball on ESPN, and NBA on ESPN. He was the TV voice of the Toronto Raptors and Toronto Blue Jays. He also called NHL games for The Sports Network, a sister network of ESPN. He was a host of Prime Time Sports, calling games for the Western Mustangs football and basketball before coming to TSN or ESPN. He was also with CTV covering the 1994 Winter Olympics and the 1994 World Championships of Basketball.

When Shulman was working at a baseball game in 2011, he announced Osama bin Laden's death.

The National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association named him the "National Sportscaster of the Year" in 2011.

Sean McDonough

Sean McDonough (born May 13, 1962) is an American sportscaster. He works for ESPN. He worked with CBS Sports before. He is the son of late "Boston Globe" sportswriter Will McDonough. 

He has broadcast college basketball (including 10 NCAA tournaments), college football (including the prestigious Orange Bowl game), the College World Series, the NFL, US Open tennis, 3 Winter Olympics, and golf (including 4 Masters and PGA Championships).

Johnny Holliday

John Holliday Bobbitt (born October 15, 1937), known professionally as Johnny Holliday, is an American sportscaster and former disc jockey. He is a personality with Mid-Atlantic Sports Network and the radio voice of the Maryland Terrapins football and basketball. He did the pregame/postgame show for Washington Nationals telecasts until 2020, and served as a fill-in play-by-play announcer for Bob Carpenter. He also called United States Football League games for ABC Radio. Holliday has also worked for the Washington Bullets/Wizards, San Francisco Giants, California Golden Bears football and basketball, Washington Senators (as a TV Studio Host), Stanford Cardinal football and basketball, Navy Midshipmen football, and George Washington Colonials. He also covered the Olympics, boxing, and The Masters for ABC Radio. He has hosted pregame/postgame shows for the San Francisco Giants and Washington Redskins for radio coverage.

Dan McLaughlin

Dan McLaughlin born March 18, 1974 is a sportscaster. He currently calls games for the St. Louis Cardinals and college basketball games for the Missouri Tigers basketball, ESPNU, and Fox Sports Net. He also has called regional college football games for ESPN. McLaughlin was a play-by-play announcer for the St. Louis Blues and was a regional NFL play-by-play announcer for Fox in 2006, some involving with the St. Louis Rams. He also calls occasional Cardinals games on Fox.

Gary Thorne

Gary Thorne (born June 9, 1948, in Bangor, Maine) is an American sportscaster. He works with MASN calling games for the Baltimore Orioles. He also calls Little League World Series games for ABC and ESPN and some Major League Baseball games for ESPN. His other jobs include:

Joe Castiglione

Joe Castiglione is a radio announcer currently for the Boston Red Sox. He works with Dave O'Brien. O'Brien is now the lead announcer with Castiglione with secondary. Castiglione has worked with Jerry Trupiano for Red Sox broadcasts for many years. He also has called games for the Milwaukee Brewers, Cleveland Indians, Cleveland Cavaliers, Massachusetts Minutemen football and basketball, and the Lafayette Leopards football and basketball.

Dave Sims

Dave Sims (born February 14, 1953) is an American sportscaster.

He is the voice of the Seattle Mariners, College Basketball on Westwood One/Dial Global, and the voice of Sunday Night Football on Westwood One/Dial Global with James Lofton. Sims was a play-by-play voice for the United Football League on Versus. He hosts "Basketball and Beyond with Coach K". He was a sports anchor for WCBS-TV in New York City. Sims called college football and basketball games for ESPN and ESPN Plus. He was the preseason announcer for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

He called Philip Humber's perfect game on April 21, 2012. He also called Major League Baseball games. Sims called another perfect game in 2012, this time by Felix Hernandez. Vin Scully has called four perfect games in his career.

Brad Johansen

Brad Johansen is a sportscaster. He was the voice of the Cincinnati Bengals, but in 2011 replaced Paul Keels as preseason play-by-play announcer which he continues to do. Brad Hoard was hired to replace Johansen in the radio booth. He is also the voice of the Xavier Musketeers men's basketball team as well as high school football for Fox Sports Ohio. In 2012, Johansen will call college football games for the CBS Sports Network.

From 1996-2014, he was the sports director at WKRC-TV in Cincinnati, Ohio, where he was announcing Bengals pre-season games. In 2000, Brad moved to the radio booth, replacing Pete Arbogast . On May 4, 2011 Dan Hoard was hired as the new Bengals radio play-by-play announcer replacing Brad Johansen. On July 6, The Bengals announced Johansen was hired to replace Paul Keels as the TV play-by-play announcer for Bengals preseason games.

In 2014, Johansen moved on from being the sports director and a play-by-play announcer for CBS Sports Network to anchoring the 4:00 and 5:30 pm newscasts at WKRC.

In April 2018, Johansen left WKRC-TV to join WRAL-TV in Raleigh, North Carolina as an evening news anchor and reporter.He was let go Thursday, April 4, 2019 after one year at the station.

On March 6, 2020, Johansen returns to television, as an early evening news anchor and reporter for WCMH-TV in Columbus.

Bob Lamey

Bob Lamey (born December 23, 1938) is an American sportscaster. He is the radio voice of the Indianapolis Colts. He has been with the franchise since they moved to Indianapolis from Baltimore except for the 1992-1994 seasons. During that time, he was replaced by Joe McConnell. He was also the voice of the Indiana Pacers of the NBA. He also called ice hockey games for the Indianapolis Checkers and Indianapolis Racers as well as the voice of the Carolina Cougars of the original American Basketball Association and served as a turn reporter for the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Radio Network.

Greg Papa

Greg Papa is the current voice of the Oakland Raiders replacing veteran announcer Bill King. Papa is also the host of Chronicle Live and the co-host of The Wheelhouse with John Lund. He also served as a play-by-play voice for the Oakland Athletics, San Francisco/Golden State Warriors, and San Francisco Giants. Papa has called lacrosse games for the San Jose Stealth and the San Francisco Dragons. Papa currently calls college football and basketball games for the California Golden Bears. Outside of the bay area, he called games for the Indiana Pacers and the San Antonio Spurs. He was also the studio host for Giants telecasts.

Brad Sham

Brad Sham (born August 16, 1949) is a radio sportscaster currently with the Dallas Cowboys with Babe Laufenberg. He has done freelance announcing for the NFL on Fox and NFL on CBS as well. Sham also called NFL games for Westwood One before returning to the Cowboys. Other football duties Sham called are NFL Europe games for Fox, Texas Longhorns football, College Football on CBS Radio/Westwood One/Dial Global, and the Dallas Desperadoes of the Arena Football League. Sham has also done basketball announcing. He calls college basketball tournaments for ESPN Plus, ESPN, and Dial Global formally Westwood One and CBS Radio. He formally called college basketball games for CBS and the Texas Longhorns men's basketball team as well as the Dallas Chaperalls of the American Basketball Association and called Texas Rangers games. He also called soccer games for the Dallas Burn and the Dallas Tornado.

Puffball

A puffball is the common name for several groups of fungi in the division Basidiomycota. Puffballs include the genera of "Calvatia", "Calbovista" and "Lycoperdon". 

All false puffballs are inedible, as they are tough and bitter to taste. The genus "Scleroderma", which has a young purple gleba, should be avoided.

Lycoperdon umbrinum

Lycoperdon umbrinum, better known as the umber-brown puffball, is a species of puffball mushroom in the genus "Lycoperdon". The species is found in China, Europe, and North America.

The "L. umbrinum" has a fruiting body, which is shaped like the top of a pear, with a short, slightly buried stipe. It is tall and broad. The fruiting body starts as pale, then goes reddish then to a blackish brown. The outer wall has slender, persistent spines, which are up to 1 mm long. The spores are roughly sspherical, and about 3.5–5.5 µm in diameter, with fine warts and a pedicel that is 0.5–15 µm long. It is uncommonly found, although most often found in coniferous woods on sandy soils.



Agaricomycetes

Agaricomycetes is a class of fungi. Agaricomycetes include 17 orders, 100 families, 1147 genera, and 20951 species.

All members of this class produce basidiocarps and these range in size from tiny cups a few millimeters across to a giant polypore ("Fomitiporia ellipsoidea") greater than several meters across and weighing up to .

The group also includes what are arguably the largest and oldest individual organisms on earth: the mycelium of "Armillaria gallica" have been estimated to extend over 150,000 square metres (37 acres) with a mass of 10,000 kg (22,000 lb) and an age of 1,500 years.

Nearly all species in the class are terrestrial (although a few are aquatic). They mostly function as decayers, especially of wood. However, some species are pathogenic or parasitic, and yet others are symbiotic. These include the important ectomycorrhizal symbionts of forest trees.

Stephen Dunham

Stephen Dunham Dowers (September 14, 1964 - September 14, 2012) was an American movie and television actor. He was best known for his roles as Edward Pillows in "DAG" and as Peter in "The Mummy". Bowers was born in Boston, Massachusetts. Bowers was married to Alexondra Lee. He died on his birthday on September 14, 2012 from a heart attack in his Burbank, California home, aged 48.

Antineutron

Antineutron is the antiparticle of a neutron. Anti-neutrons were found in 1956 at the University of California, Berkeley. They have the same mass and net charge (0) as the neutrons. The only difference is that they have the opposite baryon number, that is, the quarks inside the neutrons have opposite spins to the anti-quarks in the anti-neutrons.

Anti-neutrons annihilate on contact with their antiparticle, neutrons.

Alan Ruck

Alan Ruck (born July 1, 1956) is an American movie, voice, television, and stage actor. He is known for his role as Cameron Frye in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off". He also appeared in "Speed" and in "Twister".

Ruck was born in Cleveland, Ohio on July 1, 1956. He spent his childhood and teen years in Chicago, Illinois. Ruck was married to Claudia Stefany from 1986 until they divorced in 2005. He has been married to Mireille Enos since 2008. With Stefany he has two children, and with Enos he has one child.


Scott Graham

Scott Graham is a sportscaster best known for his work for the Philadelphia Phillies; first a TV studio host, then a play-by-play announcer. He was also a fill-in voice for Major League Baseball on Fox. Graham called Penn Quakers football and basketball as a student. He also called the Philadelphia Big 6 and Delaware State Hornets football. He also hosted Baseball This Morning with Buck Martinez. He is the narrator for Inside the NFL and other NFL Films. He calls college basketball for ESPN, Comcast Network, and Westwood One/Dial Global. He is also the studio host for Dial Global. He formally called play-by-play for Fox's coverage of NFL Europe and NFL itself.

Fredric March

Fredric March (born Ernest Frederick McIntyre Bickel; August 31, 1897 – April 14, 1975) was an American stage, movie, radio, and television actor. He was known for his Academy Award-winning role as Dr. Henry Jekyll / Mr. Edward Hyde in "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde". He won another Academy Award for his role as Al Stephenson in "The Best Years of Our Lives". He also won a Tony Award, a Golden Globe Award, and a BAFTA Award.

March was born on August 31, 1897 in Racine, Wisconsin. March was married to Ellis Baker from 1921 until they divorced in 1927. March was then married to Florence Eldridge from 1927 until his death in 1975. With Eldridge he has two adopted children. March died on April 14, 1975 in Los Angeles, California from prostate cancer, aged 77.

Rosie Huntington-Whiteley

Rosie Alice Huntington-Whiteley (born 18 April 1987) is an English movie actress and model. She is known for modeling for Victoria's Secret and in "Burberry" magazine. Her first movie was the 2011 action movie "".

Huntington-Whiteley was born on 18 April 1987 in Plymouth, Devon, England. She has been partners with Jason Statham since 2010.


Mississippi mud pie

Mississippi mud pie is a chocolate-based dessert pie. The treat has a gooey chocolate sauce on top of crumbly chocolate. The pie is usually served with ice cream. 

It is popular because of the amount of chocolate in each serving.

The name "Mississippi mud pie" comes from the dense cake which looks like the banks of the Mississippi River.

It is believed that this dish was made by home cooks after World War II. This is because it was made of simple ingredients that could be found at any supermarket and did not need any special cooking tools.

Ettore Boiardi

Ettore "Hector" Boiardi (October 22, 1897 – June 21, 1985) was an Italian-American chef. He was famous for his brand of food products, named "Chef Boyardee". He was a naturalized U.S. citizen.

Boiardi was born in Piacenza, Italy. Boiardi was married to Helen Wroblewski from 1923 until his death in 1985. He had a son, Mario Boiardi. Boiardi died on June 21, 1985 in Parma, Ohio from natural causes, aged 87.


Tyrese Gibson

Tyrese Gibson (born December 30, 1978) is an American R&B singer, rapper, actor and model. He has acted in many movies and television series. These include "Baby Boy" (2001), "2 Fast 2 Furious" and the "Transformers" movie series. In 2000, Gibson won the American Music Award for "Favorite New R&B/Soul Artist". He has also been nominated for two Grammy Awards.

Milton S. Hershey

Milton Snavely Hershey (September 13, 1857 – October 13, 1945) was an American confectioner, philanthropist, and the founder of the Hershey's candy company.

Hershey was born on September 13, 1857 in Derry Township, Pennsylvania.

In 1887, Hershey created the Lancaster Caramel Company. He created many kinds of caramels. He began experimenting with chocolates at the Chicago World's Fair.

On March 2, 1903, he began construction on what was to become the world’s largest chocolate manufacturing company, only he didn't know that it would become a large company. In 1935, Hershey established the M.S. Hershey Foundation, a private charitable foundation that provides educational and cultural opportunities for Hershey residents.

Hershey supplied the U.S. armed forces with chocolate bars during World War II. These bars were called Ration D Bars and Tropical Chocolate Bars.

Hershey was married to Catherine Sweeney from 1898 until her death in 1915. In 1912 Hershey was supposed to go on the RMS "Titanic", but business concerns forced him to take an earlier ship from Europe to the United States. Sweeney died three years later.

Hershey died on October 13, 1945 from natural causes in Hershey, Pennsylvania, a town named after him, aged 88 years old.

Hershey started a school for orphaned children. He gave the Hershey Trust to that school. He made a town for his workers. Unlike other worker towns, it was comfortable and not expensive. Among many of the places he built for his workers to go to in their free time, Hershey built the Hershey Park, now a popular amusement park. Hershey was among the first to use the idea of Taylorism, after Frederick Winslow Taylor. Taylorism is the idea that workers who do more should earn more.


Don Pardo

Dominick George "Don" Pardo (February 22, 1918 – August 18, 2014) was an American radio and television announcer. He was the announcer for "Saturday Night Live". He was also the announcer for "Jeopardy!" when it was hosted by Art Fleming. 

Pardo was born in Westfield, Massachusetts on February 22, 1918. His career began in 1938. He lived in New York City, New York until he moved to Tucson, Arizona. In March 2013, Pardo was hospitalized for a broken hip. 

Pardo died on August 18, 2014 in Tucson, aged 96.

Dominick Dunne

Dominick John Dunne (October 29, 1925 – August 26, 2009) was an American activist, journalist, writer, and actor. He talked about crimes, scandals, or mysteries in his books or his own television show "Dominick Dunne's Power, Privilege, and Justice". 

Dunne was born on October 29, 1925 in Hartford, Connecticut. He studied at Kingswood School, Canterbury School, and Williams College. His brother was writer John Gregory Dunne (1932-2003). 

Dunne was married to Ellen Beatriz Griffin from 1954 until they divorced in 1965. Dunne had two sons, actor Griffin (born 1955) and Alexander (born 1957). His daughter was actress Dominique Dunne (1959-1982). 

Dunne died on August 26, 2009 in Manhattan, New York from bladder cancer, aged 83.



James Woods

James Woods (born April 18, 1947) is an American actor and producer. He is known for his roles in "Once Upon a Time in America", "Salvador", "Nixon", "Ghosts of Mississippi", "The Last Day of Summer" and "Casino". He was the voice of Hades in "Hercules". He played himself in "Family Guy".

Woods was born on April 18, 1947 in Vernal, Utah. Woods was married to Kathryn Morrison from 1980 until they divorced in 1983. Then he was married to Sarah Owen from 1989 until they divorced in 1990.

Woods was a vocal supporter of former U.S. President George W. Bush and the Iraq War, and is a Republican Party. He supported John McCain, Mitt Romney, and Carly Fiorina for the 2008, 2012, and the 2016 presidential elections respectively.


Martin Mull

Martin Mull (born August 18, 1943 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American comedian, painter, recording artist, movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He has appeared in animated shows including "American Dad!". He also played Russell the pharmacist in "Two and a Half Men". He also voiced Vlad Master in "Danny Phantom".

Mull was raised in North Ridgeville, Ohio and in New Canaan, Connecticut. Mull has been married to Wendy Mull since 1982. He has a daughter, Maggie.


Lloyd Bochner

Lloyd Wolfe Bochner (July 29, 1924 – October 29, 2005) was a Canadian movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for his television role as Chief Inspector Neil Campbell in "Hong Kong" and as the voice of Gotham City's Mayor Hamilton Hill in "" and in "The New Batman Adventures". He won an ACTRA Award in 2004.

Bochner was born on July 29, 1924 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Bochner was married to Ruth Roher until his death in 2005. Bochner died on October 29, 2005 in Santa Monica, California from cancer, aged 81.

Brock Peters

Brock Peters (born George Fisher, July 2, 1927 – August 23, 2005) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He was known for his roles as Fleet Admiral Cartwright in two "Star Trek" movies and as the voice of Lucius Fox in "".

Peters was born on July 2, 1927 in New York City, New York. Peters was married to Dolores Daniels from 1961 until her death in 1989. Peters died on August 23, 2005 in Los Angeles, California from pancreatic cancer, aged 78.


Bob Hastings

Robert "Bob" Hastings (April 18, 1925 – June 30, 2014) was an American movie, television, voice, stage, and radio actor who is known for his voice work as Commissioner James Gordon in "".

Hastings was born on April 18, 1925 in Brooklyn, New York City. Hastings had been married to Joan Rice since the 1940s. They had four children. His brother was actor Don Hastings.

Hastings died from prostate cancer on June 30, 2014 in Burbank, California, aged 89.

Efrem Zimbalist Jr.

Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. (November 30, 1918 – May 2, 2014) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor. He was known for his roles in the television series "77 Sunset Strip" and "The F.B.I.". He is also known for his role as "Dandy Jim Buckley" in the series "Maverick".

His more recent roles included voice acting. He was the voice of Alfred Pennyworth in "". He was the voice of Dr. Octopus in the 1994 Spider-Man television series. He was the voice of Justin Hammer in the second season of the "Iron Man" television series. 

Zimbalist died at his ranch in Solvang, California at the age of 95.

Zimbalist was born on November 30, 1918 in New York City, New York. His parents were Efrem Zimbalist, Sr. and Alma Gluck. Zimbalist studied at the Fay School and at Yale University.

Zimbalist played private detective Stu Bailey in "77 Sunset Strip". It ran on ABC from 1958 to 1964. The series had over 200 episodes.

Zimbalist played Dandy Jim Buckley in "Maverick". He was the voice of Alfred Pennyworth in "". He has won a Golden Globe Award.

Zimbalist married Emily McNair in 1945. They had two children. She died of cancer in 1950.

Zimbalist married Stephanie Spalding in 1956. They were married until her death in 2007. They had one child.

Zimbalist lived in Solvang, California. He was a member of the Republican Party.

For his role in the television series "The F.B.I.", Zimbalist, Jr. was honored by FBI director Robert Mueller as a special member of the FBI.

On May 2, 2014, Zimbalist died in his lawn after watering his plants at his home in Solvang, California. He died of a possible heart attack. He was 95 years old. He was buried at Town Hill Cemetery in New Hartford, Connecticut.


Keshia Knight Pulliam

Keshia Knight Pulliam (born April 9, 1979) is an American actress. She is best known for her television performances. She played Rudy Huxtable in the NBC situation comedy "The Cosby Show" (1984-1992). Before that, she acted on "Sesame Street".

Knight Pulliam was born in Newark, New Jersey.

Megasthenes

Megasthenes (, ca. 350 – 290 BCE) was a Greek ethnographer and explorer in the Hellenistic period. He wrote the work "Indica". He was born in Asia Minor (now Turkey).

Arrian says that Megasthenes lived in Arachosia, with the satrap Sibyrtius. He visited India from there:

"Megasthenes lived with Sibyrtius, satrap of Arachosia, and often speaks of his visiting Sandracottus, the king of the Indians." Arrian, "Anabasis Alexandri" 
At the beginning of his "Indica", he speaks about the older Indians who know about when Dionysus and Hercules arrived in India. This story was very popular during the Alexandrian period. What he says about the religions of the Indians is important. He mentions the devotees of Heracles (Lord Krishna) and Dionysus (Lord Shiva or King Lord Indra). However, he does not mention Buddhists. This could mean that the religion was not well known before Ashoka took power.

Writers like Arrian, Strabo, Diodorus and Pliny refer to "Indica" in their works. Arrian said the best things about Megasthenes, but Strabo and Pliny do not treat him with as much respect. 

Megasthenes' "Indica" is the first well-known description of India by someone from the Western world.



Super Bowl I

Super Bowl I was the first championship game in professional American football. At the time it was called First AFL-NFL World Championship Game. It was played on January 15, 1967 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, California. The National Football League (NFL) champion Green Bay Packers defeated the American Football League (AFL) champion Kansas City Chiefs. The score was 35–10.

Super Bowl I was the only Super Bowl in history that was not a sellout in terms of attendance. Of the 94,000 seat capacity in the Coliseum, 33,000 went unsold.

The game was broadcast on NBC and CBS. It is the only Super Bowl to be on two television networks. Each network used its own announcers. Ray Scott, Jack Whitaker, and Frank Gifford were on CBS. Curt Gowdy and Paul Christman were on NBC.

The Chiefs entered the game after an 11-2-1 during the regular season. In the AFL Championship Game, they beat the Buffalo Bills, 31-7.

Kansas City's offense led the AFL in points scored (448) and total rushing yards (2,274). Their trio of running backs, Mike Garrett (801 yards), Bert Coan (521 yards), and Curtis McClinton (540 yards) all ranked among the top ten rushers in the AFL. Quarterback Len Dawson was the top rated passer in the AFL. He completed 159 out of 284 (56 percent) of his passes for 2,527 yards and 26 touchdowns. Wide receiver Otis Taylor had 58 receptions of 1,297 yards and 8touchdowns. Receiver Chris Burford added 58 receptions for 758 yards and 8 touchdowns.

The Chiefs also had a strong defense. All-AFL players Jerry Mays and Buck Buchanan were on their line. Linebacker Bobby Bell was great at run stopping and pass coverage. The strongest part of their defense was their secondary, led by All-AFL safeties Johnny Robinson and Bobby Hunt, who each recorded 10 interceptions, and defensive back Fred Williamson, who recorded 4. Their Head Coach was Hank Stram.

The Packers were an NFL dynasty. They turned around what had been a losing team just eight years earlier. The team posted an NFL-worst 1–10–1 record in 1958. Then legendary head coach Vince Lombardi was hired in January 1959. Lombardi wanted to build a winning team. During the offseason, he signed Fred "Fuzzy" Thurston. Lombardi also made a big trade with the Cleveland Browns that brought three players to the team. These players became an important part of the defense: linemen Henry Jordan, Willie Davis, and Bill Quinlan.

Lombardi's hard work paid off. The Packers improved to a 7–5 regular season record in 1959. They surprised the league during the following year by making it all the way to the 1960 NFL Championship Game. The Packers lost 17–13 to the Philadelphia Eagles. But they showed that they were no longer losers. Green Bay went on to win NFL Championships in 1961, 1962, 1965, 1966, and 1967.

Packers quarterback Bart Starr was the top-rated quarterback in the NFL for 1966. He won the NFL Most Valuable Player Award, completing 156 out of 251 (62.2 percent) passes for 2,257 yards, 14 touchdowns, and only 3 interceptions. His top targets were wide receivers Boyd Dowler and Carroll Dale. They combined for 63 receptions for 1,336 yards. Fullback Jim Taylor was the team's top rusher with 705 yards, and also caught 41 passes for 331 yards. The Packers offensive line was also big reason for the team's success. They were led by All-Pro guards Jerry Kramer and Thurston, along with Forrest Gregg.

The first Super Bowl halftime show had American trumpeter Al Hirt, and the marching bands from the University of Arizona and Grambling State University.

The postgame, trophy presentation ceremony was handled by CBS' Pat Summerall and NBC's George Ratterman. Summerall and Ratterman had to share a single microphone.

Sheldon Brookbank

Sheldon Brookbank (born October 3, 1980 in Lanigan, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for Ak Bars Kazan in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He has also played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Nashville Predators, New Jersey Devils, Anaheim Ducks, and the Chicago Blackhawks. His older brother Wade Brookbank was also an ice hockey player and is currently a pro scout for the Chicago Blackhawks.

He began his hockey career when he played with the Humboldt Broncos of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League. He later played with the Mississippi Sea Wolves of the ECHL, and then played with the Grand Rapids Griffins of the AHL. He was signed by the Anaheim Ducks and played for their AHL affiliate, the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks for two seasons. The Ducks didn't resign him and he signed a contract with the Nashville Predators where he mainly played on their AHL affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals. After he was named the captain of the Admirals he was called up to the Predators. He played 3 games with the Predators before he was signed by the Columbus Blue Jackets in 2007. He was waived by the Blue Jackets and was later claimed off waivers by the New Jersey Devils on October 2, 2007. After playing 44 games with the Devils, he was traded to the Anaheim Ducks on February 3, 2009.

He played 4 seasons with the Ducks before signing a free agent deal with the Chicago Blackhawks on July 1, 2012. On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

Turkish lira

The Turkish lira (Currency sign: (until 1 March 2012: TL); ; ISO 4217: TRY) is the currency of Turkey and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (recognised only by Turkey). The Turkish lira is subdivided into 100 "kuruş".

Gus Johnson

Augustus Cornelius "Gus" Johnson, Jr. (born August 10, 1967) is an American sportscaster. He is employed by Fox Sports, Showtime, and the Big Ten Network. 

He is well known for his yelling and screaming on exciting plays. He was employed by CBS Sports. He was also a play-by-play announcer for the Minnesota Timberwolves. He called Big East basketball for ESPN Plus, college basketball and college hockey for ESPN. He hosted Black College Sports Today in 1991. Johnson called Canadian Football League games for ESPN. He also called NFL games for CBS until 2011. Johnson was first paired up with Steve Tasker, then Brent Jones. He got back together with Steve Tasker in 2005 until his departure for Fox Sports in 2011.

He had sports anchor stints on KXXV-TV, WAAY-TV, WXII-TV, and WTTG-TV. He called college basketball tournaments for CBS for many years. He had many partners including Dan Bonner, Len Elmore, and Bill Raftery. He was also the radio voice and back-up television play-by-play announcer for the New York Knicks. He was well known for calling Allan Houston's game winning buzzer beater to knock off the top seeded Miami Heat. 

He called boxing for MSG as well as hosting Knicks GameNight and Yankees Scorecard. He was the studio host for New York Rangers telecasts. Johnson was a preseason voice in 2006 for the Buffalo Bills and the Philadelphia Eagles. He was the preseason voice of the Detroit Lions for the Detroit Lions Television Network in 2008. 

Johnson replaced Steve Albert as lead play-by-play announcer for Showtime Championship Boxing and called Strikeforce for CBS Sports Spectacular. He also called games for the defunct arena football New York Dragons. He calls NFL and college football games on Fox with Charles Davis. Johnson also calls college basketball games for the Big Ten Network and worked a few road games for the San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer.

Curt Menefee

Curt Menefee (July 22, 1965) is an American sportscaster. He is the current studio host for Fox "NFL Sunday" with Terry Bradshaw, Howie Long, Michael Strahan, Jimmy Johnson and Jay Glazer. He also called play-by-play for NFL Europe on NFL Network and Fox and regional NFL games for Fox. He also calls Seattle Seahawks preseason games and did the same for the Jacksonville Jaguars. He was the host of "The Curt Menefee Show" and "Unnecessary Roughness". Menefee was a sports anchor for KTVT-TV, WNYW-TV, and WTLV-TV. He made an appearance with Jose Mota on MLB on Fox on the May 24, 2008 game between the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and the Chicago White Sox. He also hosted three UEFA Champions League Final matches for Fox; 2010, 2011, and 2012. Menefee also is the host of UFC on Fox. He has also provided play-by-play for "TopRank Boxing" and "ShoBox: The New Generation".

Charissa Thompson

Charissa Jean Thompson (born May 4, 1982) is an American television host and sportscaster. , she works for Fox Sports. Previously, Thompson worked for ESPN, Versus, GSN and the Big Ten Network. She was the co-host of "SportsNation" with Marcellus Wiley until June 2013. She became the host of "Fox Sports Live" on the new Fox Sports 1 network on August 17, 2013. She also was one of the hosts of "Ultimate Beastmaster". From 2014 to 2017, Thompson was a co-host on the syndicated entertainment news program "Extra". Thompson was the host of "Rockies All Access" and "WNBA Weekly" and covered sports for the Denver Pioneers. Thompson also hosted The 2007 MLB All-Star Game "Red Carpet Parade" and "The Baseball Report". She also hosted "BCS Breakdown", "Toughest Cowboy", the "BCS Show", and "Friday Night Tailgate" for FSN as well as a co-host for "Big Saturday Night" for the Game Show Network as well as Big Ten's "Best for the Big Ten Network". She also did reporting for "Shaq vs." as well as an ice-level reporter for the "NHL on Versus" with Mike Emrick and Eddie Olczyk. Thompson hosted "NFL Now Updates" and "Fast Track to Fame". She replaced Michele Breade as co-host of "SportsNation" with Colin Cowher. 

Eric Clemons

Eric Clemons is a freelance sportscaster. He worked for SportsCenter as an anchor and reporter. His other jobs include:

Nick Halling

Nick Halling is a British sportscaster. He used to be an NFL broadcaster. He called NFL Europe and NFL games on Fox, making the first non-American to call an NFL game for an American television network. He also called NFL games for Sky Sports. He also does play-by-play for Channel Five's coverage of the National Hockey League. For Sky Sports, he currently does boxing and ten-pin bowling. He is a narrator for Goalissimo, The Football League Show, and The World's Strongest Man.

Krista Voda

Krista Voda (born May 31, 1974) is an American sportscaster. She is the pit reporter for NASCAR on Fox. She replaced Jeanne Zelasko. She also is the host for Speed Channel's coverage of the NASCAR Camping Truck Series as well as host of "Trackside". She was an anchor for "Totally NASCAR" as well as "NASCAR Nation". Voda has also done sideline reporting for FSN's coverage of college football and basketball as well as Fox's coverage of the BCS and the National Football League. In 2008, she was paired with Chris Rose and John Lynch for Weeks 12 and 17 of the NFL. This included the game between the Detroit Lions and the Green Bay Packers.

Frank Glieber

Frank John Glieber (April 5, 1934 – May 1, 1985) was an American sportscaster. He called college football games for CBS Radio, the Dallas Cowboys, Cleveland Browns on CBS, and the Texas Rangers. While working for CBS, Glieber called National Football League, National Basketball Association, college football, college basketball, soccer, tennis, bowling, and golf. He died of a heart attack in May of 1985.

Grain elevator

A grain elevator is a machine which carries loose grain such as wheat to higher levels. It is used to get the grain into grain silos. Before grain elevators, the grain had to be carried in sacks. In some parts of the world such as Canada, the term grain elevator means more than just the lifting machine, and includes all the grain handling buildings.

Whit Watson

Whit Watson (born 1971) is a personality currently with Golf Channel as studio host, play-by-play announcer and reporter/interviewer for the European Tour, LPGA Tour, and PGA Tour. He also worked for Sun Sports and Fox Sports Florida as a studio host and sideline reporter for the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, Orlando Magic, Tampa Bay Lightning, Florida State Seminoles and Florida Gators football. He was also the first host of In My Own Words. Watson also called high school football and basketball games for Sun Sports and FSN Florida as well as Florida Gators and Florida State Seminoles football and basketball. Watson was a freelance studio host for ESPN Plus as well as anchoring SportsCenter.

Terry Gannon

Terrance Patrick "Terry" Gannon (born November 1, 1963, in Joliet, Illinois), is an American sportscaster. He works for ESPN/ABC Sports, The Golf Channel and NBC Sports. Gannon's work has included many different sporting events. These include college basketball, figure skating, golf, college football, the WNBA, the NBA, and the Olympics. In 1983, Gannon was a member of the North Carolina State University basketball team which won the national championship. He is the leading 3-point shoot in the history of NC State and lead the country in 3-point shots in 1983

Gleba

Gleba is the fleshy spore-bearing inner mass of fungi, such as on puffballs or stinkhorns.

George Sansom

Sir George Bailey Sansom (November 28 1883 – March 8 1965) was a British diplomat, academic, historian and Japanologist.




Hymenium

The hymenium is the part of a fungus that produces spores. It is a broad flat layer of tissue. This is where cells which make the spores grow. There are two types of cells which produce spores, the basidium and the asci. The hymenium can be found on different parts of fungi, depending on the type of fungi. It could be in gills or pores.

The position of the hymenium is used to identify mushrooms. It is also used to put mushrooms into family groups.

Below are some examples of where to find the hymenium in different types of Basidiomycota and Ascomycota.




Sporocarp (fungi)

The sporocarp (also known as the fruiting body or the fruit body) of a fungus is a multicellular structure on which spore-producing structures, such as basidia or asci, are born. Mushrooms are sporocarps that grow above ground. Truffles are sporocarps that grow underground.

The largest known fruiting body is the "Fomitiporia ellipsoidea" species, found on Hainan Island. The species can measure up to in length, and is estimated to weigh between .

Regular Show

Regular Show is an Emmy Award-winning animated television series. It was created by J.G. Quintel. It was first broadcast on September 6, 2010, and was broadcast for the last time on December 29, 2017. The eighth and final season of the show was branded under the title Regular Show in Space. The series is about two friends named Mordecai and Rigby. Mordecai is a 23-year-old blue jay, and Rigby is a 23-year-old brown raccoon. They are also groundskeepers at a park.

"Regular Show" is rated TV-PG and TV-PG-V. Two episodes were rated TV-Y7-FV. One episode was rated TV-PG-D. It's aimed at 10-18-year-olds. It has some mild profanity and mature subject matter.

In 2012, the show won an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Short-Format Animated Program". It was also nominated for that award in 2011.

The series focuses on two best friends, Mordecai, a blue jay, and Rigby, a brown raccoon. Mordecai and Rigby work as groundskeepers and as they attempt to keep their jobs, which is being threatened by Benson, their boss. In the series, Mordecai is in love with Margaret, a red robin. But started a relationship with CJ after accidentally thinking that Margaret is engaged. And Rigby has a crush on Eileen, a brown mole, which is still uncertain.



List of Regular Show episodes

This is a list of episodes from the TV Series Regular Show.

Season 2 began on January 3, 2011 (with "It's Time") and ended on August 1, 2011 (with "Karaoke Video"). It contains 27 episodes.

Jim Simpson

Jim Simpson (December 20, 1927 – January 13, 2016) was an American sportscaster. He worked for NBC Sports and later ESPN. He called Baltimore Orioles local telecasts in 1988. In 1997, he won the Sports Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2000 he was inducted into the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association Hall of Fame.

For NBC: he called

For ESPN, Simpson called:


Ernest Satow

Ernest Mason Satow (30 June 1843 - 26 August 1929), was a British scholar, diplomat and Japanologist.

Along with William George Aston and Basil Hall Chamberlain, Satow was one of three major British Japanologists during the 19th century.

In an overview of writings by and about Ernest Mason Satow, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 200+ works in 300+ publications in 9 languages and 4,000+library holdings.




Islam in Albania

During the Ottoman rule, the majority of Albanians were of Muslim affiliation (Sunni and Bektashi). However, decades of state atheism which ended in 1991 brought a decline in religious practice in all traditions. 

A recent Pew Research Center demographic study put the percentage of Muslims in Albania at 79.9%.

Standards Institution of Israel

The Standards Institution of Israel (SII) is the institution that is responsible for setting standards for products and services in Israel. The institution does testing and certification of products (by providing "standards") and ensuring the quality of products.

The institute is funded from payments it collects from user services. The government finances only about 1.5 percent of its budget. The institute is located in Tel Aviv, near to Tel Aviv University.


HelenOS

HelenOS is an operating system. It is made by staff and students of the Mathematical and Physical Faculty of Charles University in Prague. It is running on some architectures.

HelenOS is a microkernel operating system, which supports multitasking, memory management, inter-process communication and symmetric multiprocessing. File system, device drivers and other services are implemented like user processes. It can run on some architectures like IA-32, x86-64, SPARC V9, IA-64, Power PC, ARM and MIPS.

License of the source code is BSD license.

Jakub Jermář made HelenOS as a student project at the University. A few years later worked on the HelenOS kernel group of students and some students are using it for self-education of programming until now. In 2011 the project HelenOS took part on Google Summer of Code.



Beaverton, Oregon

Beaverton is a city in Washington County, Oregon, U.S.A. It is seven miles west of Portland, Oregon. The name of Beaverton came from the native settlers, meaning "place of the beaver".

The Beaverton population, according to the census of 2020, was 97,494 people. Beaverton is 19.6 square miles. Beaverton is called a part of "Silicon Forest", because many technology companies are located in Beaverton. For example, Linux Technology, IBM, and Tektronix. Nike's headquarters are located there.

Jerry Goldsmith

Jerrald King "Jerry" Goldsmith (February 10, 1929 – July 21, 2004) was an American television and movie composer and conductor most known for his work in "Air Force One", "The Mummy", "Gremlins", "The Omen", five "Star Trek" movies, three "Rambo" movies, "Poltergeist", "Alien", and the 1968 movie version of "Planet of the Apes". 

He has won an 1 Academy Award, 5 Emmy Awards, 1 Annie Award, and 1 Saturn Award. His career began in 1951. and would last up until his death in 2004. 

Goldsmith was born on February 10, 1929 in Los Angeles, California and also studied at the University of Southern California and at the Los Angeles City College. 

Goldsmith has been married to Sharon Hennagin from 1950 until they divorced in 1970. Goldsmith lastly married Carol Heather from 1972 until his death in 2004. He has five children, one of his sons, Joel Goldsmith, died in 2012. 

Goldsmith died on July 21, 2004 in his home in Beverly Hills, California from colon cancer, aged 75. 

Goldsmith stated composers like
Igor Stravinsky, Edward Elger, Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco, Jakob Gimpel, Richard Wagner, Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Ludwig Von Beethoven, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Thomas Tallis, Alban Berg, Gustav Holst, Elmer Bernstein, Alfred Newman, Miklós Róza, Henry Mancini, Buddy Baker, Leigh Harline, Oliver Wallace, Frank Churchill, Max Stiener, Pyotr Tchaikovsky, Alex North, Bela Bartok, Carl W. Stalling, Franz Waxman, Leonard Rosenman, Raymond Scott and Lalo Schifrin as influences.

Roddy McDowall

Roderick Andrew Anthony Jude "Roddy" McDowall (17 September 1928 – 3 October 1998) was a British television, movie, stage, voice, radio, child actor and photographer. He is known for his soft smooth voice and for his role as Cornelius and Caesar in the "Planet of the Apes" movie series. He won a Tony Award, a Emmy Award, and a Saturn Award.

McDowall was born on 17 September 1928 in Herne Hill, London, England. McDowall was never married and had no children. McDowall was a closeted homosexual. McDowall died on 3 October 1998 from lung cancer in his Studio City, Los Angeles, California home, aged 70.




Scatman Crothers

Benjamin Sherman "Scatman" Crothers (May 23, 1910 – November 22, 1986) was an American actor, singer, dancer and musician. He did many forms of acting including movies, television, stage, radio and voice acting. Crother was known for the voice role of the character Hong Kong Phooey in "Hong Kong Phooey". He won a Saturn Award.

Crothers was born in Terre Haute, Indiana, but was raised in Dayton, Ohio. He was married to Helen Sullivan from 1937 until his death in 1986. Crothers died on November 22, 1986 in Van Nuys, California from pneumonia caused by his lung cancer. He was 76 years old.


Pooh's Grand Adventure: The Search for Christopher Robin

Pooh's Grand Adventure: The Search for Christopher Robin (also known as Winnie the Pooh's Most Grand Adventure in some countries) is a 1997 direct-to-video animated movie. It is a sequel to Walt Disney's "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".

The movie follows Pooh and his friends on a trip to find and rescue their friend Christopher Robin from the "Skull".

Because of the movie's dark themes and pictures, it had mixed to negative reviews. It was the first Disney direct-to-video movie. It is also the first Winnie the Pooh movie ever to have its own special edition.

On the last day of summer, Christopher Robin attempts to tell his friend Winnie-the-Pooh some unpleasant news, but Pooh is disinterested and continuously changes the subject. After spending the day playing, Christopher Robin leaves Pooh with the advice, "You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think," but the drowsy Pooh does not clearly understand. Autumn arrives the next morning, and Pooh awakes to find a pot of honey at his doorstep, failing to notice a note attached to it. After eating the contents and staining the note in honey, Pooh searches for Christopher Robin to ask about the honey pot, but discovers that he is missing. Pooh's friends – Piglet, Tigger, Rabbit, and Eeyore – have not seen Christopher Robin either and cannot decipher the note attached to the pot, so they go to Owl for assistance. Although he is able to remove some of the honey from the note, Owl misinterprets it as a request for help from Christopher Robin. Further mispronouncing the word "school" as "skull", he deduces that Christopher Robin has been taken to a distant and dangerous place called "Skull", a cave where the monstrous "Skullasaurus" resides. Owl equips the group with a map and sends them into the "Great Unknown" of the Hundred Acre Wood.

Throughout their journey through the Great Unknown, the group hears strange noises behind them, which they assume is the Skullasaurus. The group slowly begins to realize just how helpless they are without Christopher Robin in the outside world. Piglet, Tigger, and Rabbit come to believe they do not have the courage, strength, or intelligence respectively to go on; Piglet is abducted by a swarm of butterflies in a tranquil field, leaving him feeling scared and powerless, Tigger plummets into a deep gorge and is unable to bounce out to safety, eventually causing the others to fall in with him, and Rabbit continuously makes poor leadership decisions following Owl's inaccurate map. Pooh tries to comfort them each with the advice Christopher Robin had given him, but fails due to his inability to remember exactly what he said. When Rabbit finally breaks down and admits he has no idea where they are going, the group comes to terms with their failure and take shelter in a nearby cave. While everyone is asleep, Pooh laments on getting no closer to finding Christopher Robin.

The next morning, the five friends realize they had spent the night in the Skull Cave. Entering the cave, they split up to look for Christopher Robin. When Rabbit, Tigger, Eeyore, and Piglet eventually reunite, they are scared away by Pooh's distorted reflection as he walks towards them from behind a crystal wall, mistaking him for the Skullasaurus. As Pooh winds up stuck in a small crevasse, his friends believe that he has been eaten. They discover the "Eye of the Skull" where Christopher Robin is supposedly trapped, and overcome their fears and doubts to reach it. Observing his friends' bravery, Pooh excitedly frees himself from the tight gap, only to slip down a long descent and fall into a deep pit that he is unable to escape. While there, he realizes that Christopher Robin is still with him in his heart, even when they are not together, just as Christopher Robin had promised. As Piglet, Rabbit, Tigger, and Eeyore enter the Eye, they are found by Christopher Robin, who has been searching for them as well. He clears up Owl's misunderstanding of the note, explaining that he wanted Pooh to "help [him]self" to the honey pot he gave him. The roars of the Skullasaurus they have been plagued by were actually the noises of Pooh's stomach growling.

After Christopher Robin rescues Pooh from the pit, the group exits the cave, only to discover that from the outside, it and the other places they have crossed are not nearly as big and scary as they seemed when Christopher Robin was not with them. That evening, Christopher Robin says he will be returning to school the next day, but Pooh declares that he will always be waiting for him, and the two happily watch the sunset, knowing they will always have each other in the sanctuary of the Hundred Acre Wood.




Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas

Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas is a 1997 American-French direct-to-video animated movie. It was produced by The Walt Disney Company. It takes place in the original "Beauty and the Beast". It happens after the fight with the wolves and before the Beast gives Belle the castle library. In this movie, the Beast does not allow Christmas. This is because his change from the Prince was on that time of year. Belle, Cogsworth, Lumiere, Mrs. Potts, and Chip convince him that Christmas is a good holiday. The movie also shows the time the enchantress put the spell on the castle in more detail.


The movie won two of its eight nominations.

The original score and songs were composed by Rachel Portman. The lyrics were by Don Black. The movie's songs were recorded "live" with an orchestra and the cast in a room. This is similar to the first movie.



The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad

The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad is a 1949 animated movie. It was made by Walt Disney Productions. The movie was released to theaters on October 5, 1949 by RKO Radio Pictures.

There are two parts in the movie. Both are based on popular works of literature. The story of Mr. Toad is based on Kenneth Grahame's "The Wind in the Willows". The story of Ichabod Crane and the Headless Horseman is based on Washington Irving's "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow".




Peter Pan (1953 movie)

Peter Pan is a 1953 American animated movie. It was produced by Walt Disney. It is the 14th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It is based on the play "Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up" by J. M. Barrie. It was first released on February 5, 1953 by RKO Pictures. "Peter Pan" is the last Disney animated movie released through RKO. Walt Disney then made his own distribution company, Buena Vista Distribution.

The movie was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival. A sequel called "Return to Never Land" was released in 2002. A series of direct-to-DVD movies about Tinker Bell began in 2008.


Additionally, Roland Dupree and Don Barclay provided additional voices, as well as both the live-action models for Peter Pan and Mr. Smee respectively.


Questia Online Library

Questia was a business that gave online access to a digital library of books and articles. These books and articles were selected to help students and teachers. It had a lot of books and journal articles about the humanities and social sciences. Most items are under copyright. Google Book Search has 7 million books in their library, but users can only see small parts of copyrighted books.

Questia offered some information for free, including several public domain works, publication information, tables of contents, the first page of every chapter, Boolean searches of the contents of the library, and short bibliographies of available books and articles on some 6500 topics.

HighBeam Research

HighBeam Research was a business that had a search engine and fulltext online archive. It was provided by Cengage Learning (through its Gale subsidiary) for newspapers, magazines, academic journals, newswires, trade magazines and encyclopedias in English. It was headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, United States.

HighBeam had access to over 6,556 publications. However, only fulltext access is provided. No complete issues of papers are included.

The site had archives from newspapers, newswires, and arts magazines such as: 

Among the legal journals covered by HighBeam Research were: 

HighBeam had access to trade magazines including:

Among the academic journals in HighBeam were: 

Reference books include titles from Oxford University Press, including dictionaries, usage guides, and almanacs.

Nadeem-Shravan

Nadeem-Shravan are a music director duo of Bollywood, a movie industry in India. The duo is made of Nadeem Saifi and Shravan Rathod.

They started their career in the late 80s. Their first big success came in 1990 with the musical film "Aashiqui". Since then they have composed music for over 50 movies. 

They have won four Filmfare Awards, one Star Screen Award and a Zee Cine Award in the category for Best Music Director. 

Some of their biggest hits include "Aashiqui" (1990), "Saajan" (1991), "Phool Aur Kaante" (1991), "Sadak" (1991), "Deewana", "Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke" (1993), "Dilwale" (1994), "Raja" (1995), "Raja Hindustani" (1996), "Pardes" (1997), "Dhadkan" (2000), "Kasoor" (2001), "Andaaz" (2003).


Jatin Lalit

Jatin Lalit are a music director duo of Bollywood. The duo consists of brothers, Jatin Pandit and Lalit Pandit.

They started their music career in 1991. Their first breakthrough came a year later, when they composed the music for "Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar". Since then they have composed for music for over 50 movies. Some of their movies are "Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar" (1992), "Khiladi" (1992), "Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa" (1993), "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge" (1995), "Khamoshi" (1996), "Yes Boss" (1997), "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" (1998), "Sarfarosh" (1999), "Mohabbatein" (2000), "Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham" (2001), "Chalte Chalte" (2003), "Fanaa" (2006). 

In 2006, the duo stopped working together.


Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge

Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge () is a 1995 Bollywood movie directed by Aditya Chopra and produced by Yash Chopra. It had Shahrukh Khan and Kajol in the title roles. Anupam Kher, Amrish Puri, and Farida Jalal played supporting roles. The music was composed by Jatin Lalit while lyrics were by Anand Bakshi. It was released on Diwali 1995 and became a blockbuster. In addition, the movie has been showing at the Maratha Mandir theatre in Mumbai for 25 years making the longest time the movie has been screened. A movie called Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania, directed by Shashank Khaitan, and produced by Karan Johar, was based on this film and released in 2014.

Raj and Simran meet on a trip to Europe. After some initial misadventures, they fall in love. The battle begins to win over two traditional families.


The movie became the biggest hit of that year and the second highest grossing of the 1990s. The movie became the second one to be listed on the list of "1001 must see movies before you die".


Inflection

Inflection (or inflexion) is a piece added to a word to express variations in grammar. The added bits are called affixes. They are prefixes (in front), suffixes (at the end) and infixes (in the middle). They are added to the "root", the part of the word which does not change.

Some languages such as Latin or Sanskrit have complex inflections that they apply to most of their words. Others, such as English, are less inflected. Some, such as Mandarin Chinese, use no inflections.

Examples in English:


Word family

A word family is the base form of a word plus its inflected forms made with affixes.

The idea is that a base word and its inflected forms support the same core meaning. A learner needs to understand both the base word and the affix.


Udit Narayan

Udit Narayan ("Hindi: उदित नारायण झा") ("born 1 December 1955") 
as a producer in 2005) and 5 Filmfare Awards with 20 nominations and many other awards. He finally made his mark in 1988 movie Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak starring Aamir Khan and Juhi Chawla, his song "Papa Kehte Hai" was his notable performance which earned him his first Filmfare Award in the 1980s and he established himself in Bollywood Playback Singing. He is the only male singer in the history of the Filmfare Awards to have won in over three decades (the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s)

After the success of the movie Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak in 1988 which turned out to be All Time Blockbuster movie in Bollywood with more than 8 million sales of the sound track being one of the highest selling albums in the 1980s. The soundtrack was a breakthrough for the careers of Anand-Milind, as well as T-Series, one of India's leading record labels. after which he was one of the favourites of music directors. His originality of voice was appreciated by all of the music lovers across the globe. Since his childhood he had idols such as Lata Mangeshkar, Asha Bhosle, Mohammed Rafi, Kishore Kumar whom he'd listen on his radio. In the 1990s he sung for thousands of songs including Hindi and Nepali languages. Recognising his contribution, his majesty King of Nepal, Birendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev awarded him with the Prabal Gorkha Dakshin Bahu in 2001 after which for his contribution to Indian cinema and music he was awarded the Padma Shri in 2009, and in 2016 he was awarded the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India, an honour that has been awarded to only a handful of singers, in recognition of his achievements in various film industries across India. and Chitragupta Cineyatra Samman 2015 for Bhojpuri Cinema. As many as 21 of his tracks feature in BBC's "Top 40 Bollywood Soundtracks of all time".

Udit Narayan was born in 1955 to Nepali father Hare Krishna jha and Indian mother Bhuwaneshwari jha. Narayan was born in India.

Kumar Sanu

Kumar Sanu (born 20 October 1957) is an Indian singer. He was born in Kolkata, India. He has won five Filmfare Awards (five awards in a row from 1990 to 1995) in 2009 he was awarded Padma Shree (forth highest civilian award) by the Government of India. 
He started his music career in 1984. His first breakthrough came six years later when he was given chance to do playback singing for the movie "Aashiqui" by Nadeem-Shravan. The movie made his and also music directors career in Bollywood. He often worked with Nadeem-Shravan.


Alka Yagnik

Alka Yagnik (born 20 March 1966) is an Indian singer. 
She was born in Kolkata, India. She has received seven Filmfare Awards and two National Film Awards. 

She began her music career in 1979. Her first breakthrough came in 1988 when music directors, Laxmikant-Pyarelal gave her chance to sing for "Tezaab". She sang "Ek Do Teen" which became hit that year, she also won her first award for that song. She was popular from early 90s until mid 2000s. She often sang duet songs with fellow singers, Udit Narayan and Kumar Sanu.

Dilwale

Dilwale is a 1994 Bollywood movie directed by Harry Baweja and produced by Paramjeet Baweja. The movie had Ajay Devgn, Sunil Shetty and Raveena Tandon playing in title role. Dilwale was hit in the boxoffice. The movie's music composed by Nadeem-Shravan and lyrics by Sameer became very popular that year.

Levens, Cumbria

Levens is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1007 people living in Levens.

Lowick

Lowick is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 224 people living in Lowick.

Lupton

Lupton is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 165 people living in Lupton.

Middleton

Middleton may mean:


New Hutton

New Hutton is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 313 people living in New Hutton. New Hutton has a church called St Stephen. It was separated in 1297 from Old Hutton.

Pennington

Pennington is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 1794 people living in Pennington. It has 5 listed buildings, one is called St Michael.

Satterthwaite

Satterthwaite is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 257 people living in Satterthwaite. It has 9 listed buildings. It has a church called All Saints which has 4 stained glass windows. 

Sedgwick

Sedgwick is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 380 people living in Sedgwick. The name Sedgwick comes from the Norse language "Sigg(e)". 

It has 5 listed buildings. These include two structures, a bridge and an aqueduct, which were built for the Kendal to Lancaster canal. The canal once went through Sedgwick. However, it has been drained of water.

Root (linguistics)

The root in language is either a base word, or a part of a word to which affixes are added. Or, it is the part left after affixes have been taken away. Technically, it is the smallest unit which carries meaning: it cannot be reduced into smaller units. It is the same as a free-standing morpheme.

If a root is a whole word, then it is called a "base word". It is the word which stands at the head of a dictionary definition, is the base of a word family.

Examples: in each case in bold

Matsukata Masayoshi

Matsukata was born into a "samurai" family in Kagoshima on the island of Kyushu.

Matsukata founded the Bank of Japan in 1882 ("Meiji 15").

Matsukata was the 4th Prime Minister of Japan from 6 May 1891 to 8 August 1892. He was also the 6th Prime Minister from 18 September 1896 to 12 January 1898.

Matsukata was also a Privy Councilor and Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Japan.


Sadae

Sadae is a neutral Korean term. It is used in historical contexts. The term is used as a descriptive label for diplomatic relations between Imperial China and Korea during the Joseon period and earlier. 

"Sadae" describes a foreign policy. It describes the many ways a small country acknowledges the strength of a greater power like that of China. 

For example, "Sadae" is shown in the actions of the weaker state as it conveys goodwill and respect through its envoys. 

The term "sadae" is also used to explain Korean diplomacy before the establishment of the Joseon kingdom.

The historical term is derived from the Chinese "shi da" (Korean, "sadae") as used by the philosopher Mencius. "Sadae" literally means "dealing with the great" or "serving the great." 

"Sadae" establishes a framework with China as the center of a Confucian moral universe.

"Ssadae" is contrasted with limited trade relationships with other neighboring countries such as Japan.

The concept of "sadae" was rejected by Korean nationalists in the 20th century.


Matt Shepard

Matt Shepard born 1965 in Farmington Hills, Michigan) is an American sportscaster with Fox Sports Detroit and the Detroit Lions Television Network. He currently calls high school football and basketball games for the network as well as college hockey games for FSN Detroit. He is the play-by-play announcer for the Detroit Lions Television Network as well as calling games for the Eastern Michigan Eagles football and Michigan Wolverines basketball. He was the pregame/halftime/postgame host for the Detroit Pistons as well as fill-in play-by-play for the Pistons. Shepard is the host of "The Ford Lions Report".

Trenni Kusnierek

Trenni Kusnierek is a sportscaster formally with MLB Network. She currently works for WJTM-AM as a sports anchor. She also worked at WDJT-TV as a sports anchor. She also worked for FSN Pittsburgh for the Pittsburgh Pirates and FSN Wisconsin for the Milwaukee Brewers. He is the current sideline reporter for Green Bay Packers preseason telecasts with Kevin Harlan and Rich Gannon. Kusnierek is a former studio host and reporter for MLB Network.

Iowa House of Representatives

The Iowa House of Representatives is the lower house of the Iowa General Assembly, Iowa's legislature. There are 100 people in the House, one for each of 100 districts in Iowa. Each district has about 29,750 people in it. The House of Representatives meets at the Iowa State Captiol in Des Moines.

Unlike the Iowa Senate, House members - called "representatives" - have terms of two years. The whole House is eleced in even-numbered years. There are no term limits for the House.

The Speaker of the House is the leader of the House and serves as its chair. The Speaker also handles legislation and puts representatives on committees. The Speaker is chosen by the majority party and then elected by the entire House. Other House leaders, such as the majority and minority leaders, are elected by their party's members.




Tim Brant

Tim Brant (born February 26, 1949 in Washington, DC) is an American sportscaster. His jobs include these:

Brad Nessler

Brad Nessler (born June 3, 1956) is an American sportscaster. He works for ABC, ESPN, and NFL Network calling "Thursday Night Football" games with Mike Mayock and Alex Flanagan. He currently calls college football and basketball games for ABC and ESPN. He started calling Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets basketball and Atlanta Falcons games. Nessler was also the voice of the Minnesota Vikings. Nessler also called college football, college basketball for Jefferson-Pilot and Miami Dolphins preseason. Nessler also called NFL, college football, men's and women's college basketball for CBS. During Nessler's time at ESPN, he also called NBA games for ABC and ESPN before being removed from the broadcast team. He has been the #2 play-by-play announcer for ESPN "Monday Night Football" from 2006 and since 2010. He called Sebastian Janikowski's 63 yard field goal for the Oakland Raiders against the Denver Broncos at halftime in 2011.

Mike Gorman

Mike Gorman (born November 24, 1947, in Dorchester, Massachusetts) is an American sportscaster. He calls games for the Boston Celtics and the Connecticut Sun. He was the voice of the Rhode Island Rams football and basketball and the voice of the Providence Friars men's basketball teams. Gorman also called college basketball for ESPN and CBS and NBA playoffs on TBS. Gorman called two Olympic games for NBC: Tennis at the 1992 Summer Olympics and Handball at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Marc Zumoff

Marc Zumoff (born November 19, 1955) is an Emmy Award-Winning American sportscaster. He calls games for the Philadelphia 76ers. He also did play-by-play for the NBA on TNT and the NBA on TBS. He is a fill-in play-by-play announcer for the Philadelphia Union. He was a play-by-play announcer for College Football on CN8. He also called the Philadelphia Big 5, the Philadelphia Flyers, the Philadelphia Fever, and Temple Owls football and basketball.

Gyorin

Gyorin was a neutral Confucian term developed in Joseon Korea. It is used in historical contexts. The term is used as a descriptive label for diplomatic relations between Korea and all nations except Imperial China during the Joseon period and earlier.

"Gyorin" describes a foreign policy. It is about Korea's plans for establishing and maintaining good relations with neighboring countries.

The long-term, strategic "gyorin" policy played out in diplomacy and trade dealings with Jurchen, Japan, the Ryūkyū Kingdom, Siam and others.

"Gyorin" was applied to a multi-national foreign policy.

Diplomatic relations with China established a context. At the same time, there were many "gyorin" contacts which developed independently between Korea and other nations, including 


Sean Grande

Sean Grande is a sportscaster. He is the radio voice of the Boston Celtics. Grande's other jobs include these:

Fred McLeod

Fred McLeod is a sportscaster for Fox Sports Ohio calling games for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association. He performed the same role for the Detroit Pistons. He also called high school football and high school basketball for Fox Sports Detroit. He was a weekend sports anchor on WDIV-TV as well as a host of Sports Final Edition. He called games for the Detroit Tigers, Cleveland Indians, and Oakland Athletics. He was sports anchor for KQTV-TV, WSTV-TV, KQTV-TV, and KPIX-TV.

Chuck Swirsky

Chuck Swirsky (born January 30, 1954) is an American-Canadian sportscaster. He is the voice of the Chicago Bulls and former voice of the Toronto Raptors. He was the voice of the Michigan Wolverines football and basketball teams. He hosted The Chuck Swirsky Show as well as the studio host for the Chicago Bears Radio Network. On January 14, 2008, Swirsky became a Canadian citizen.

Stainton, South Lakeland

Stainton is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 301 people living in Stainton. It has 10 listed buildings.

Staveley-in-Cartmel

Staveley-in-Cartmel is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 428 people living in Staveley-in-Cartmel. It has 22 listed buildings. It has a church called St Mary.

Torver

Torver is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 135 people living in Torver. It has 10 listed buildings. It has a church called St Luke's, which was designed by Paley and Austin.

Witherslack

Witherslack is a village and civil parish in South Lakeland, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 482 people living in Witherslack. It has 15 listed buildings. It has a church called St Paul's, which was built in about 1669.

Iowa Senate

The Iowa Senate is the upper house of the Iowa General Assembly, Iowa's legislature. There are 50 people in the Senate, one for each of 50 districts in Iowa. Each district has about 59,500 people in it. Each Senate district is composed of two House districts. The Senate meets at the Iowa State Capitol in Des Moines.

Unlike the Iowa House of Representatives, Senate members - called "senators"—have terms of four years. Half of the Senate is elected every two years, in even-numbered years. There are no term limits for the Senate.

The President of the Senate is the leader of the Senate and serves as its chair. The Senate President also sends legislation to committees. Unlike the Speaker of the Iowa House, the Senate President does not put representatives on committees. The Lieutenant Governor of Iowa was the President of the Senate until 1991, when a constitutional amendment separated the jobs. Other Senate leaders, such as the majority and minority leaders, are elected by their party's members.




Kahin Pyaar Na Ho Jaaye

Kahin Pyaar Na Ho Jaaye is a 2000 Bollywood movie. It was directed by K. Muralimohana Rao. The movie stars Salman Khan and Rani Mukherji . The movie also features Jackie Shroff, Raveena Tandon, Mohnish Behl, Pooja Batra, Shakti Kapoor in supporting roles. Its music director was Himesh Reshammiya.

Burgess Meredith

Oliver Burgess Meredith (November 16, 1907 – September 9, 1997), or Burgess Meredith, was an American movie, television, stage, radio, voice actor, and director. He was known for his roles as The Penguin in the 1960s television version of "Batman" and as Mickey Goldmill some of the "Rocky" movies. He won two Saturn Awards (in 1978 and in 1981), Tony Awards, and many Emmy Awards. 

Meredith was born on November 16, 1907 in Cleveland, Ohio. He studied at Hoosac School and at Amherst College. Meredith was married to Helen Derby from 1933 until they divorced in 1935. He was married to Margaret Perry from 1936 until they divorced in 1938. He was married to Paulette Goddard from 1944 until they divorced in 1949. He was married to Kaja Sundsten from 1950 until his death. Meredith had cyclothymia. He died on September 9, 1997 in Malibu, California from Alzheimer's disease and melanoma, aged 89. 


Frank Gorshin

Frank John Gorshin, Jr. (April 5, 1933 – May 17, 2005) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor, and comedian. He was known for his role as The Riddler in "Batman".

Gorshin was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He studied at Peabody High School and at Carnegie Mellon University. Gorshin was married to Christina Randazzo from 1957 until his death in 2005. They had a son, Mitchell Gorshin. Gorshin died on May 17, 2005 in Burbank, California from lung cancer, aged 72.


Julie Newmar

Julie Newmar (born Julia Chalene Newmeyer, August 16, 1933) is an American movie, television, voice, stage actress, dancer, singer, writer, and model. She is known for her role as Catwoman in "Batman". She won a Tony Award. 

Newmar was born on August 16, 1933 in Los Angeles, California. She was married to J. Holt Smith from 1977 until they divorced in 1983. She was partners with Louis L'Amour until the 1950s. Newmar has a son, John Jewl Newmar. Newmar has had Charcot–Marie–Tooth disease since 2008.


David Koechner

David Michael Koechner (born August 24, 1962) is an American actor and voice artist. He voiced Dag in "Barnyard".

Koechner is married to Leigh Koechner and has five children. Koechner has the names of his wife and children tattooed on his right upper-arm.

Stephen Lang

Stephen Roy Lang (born July 11, 1952) is an American movie, television, voice, and stage actor. He is known for his roles as Stonewall Jackson in "Gods and Generals", George Pickett in "Gettysburg", Colonel Miles Quaritch in "Avatar", Charles Winstead in "Public Enemies", Khalar Zym in "Conan the Barbarian", and as Commander Nathaniel Taylor in "Terra Nova". 

Lang was born on July 11, 1952 in New York City, New York. He studied Swarthmore College. Lang has been married to Kristina Watson since 1980. They have four children.


Islam in Bosnia and Herzegovina

Islam in Bosnia and Herzegovina has a rich and longstanding history in the country. It was introduced in the 15th and 16th centuries because of the Ottoman conquests of the Balkans. There are today around 3.5 million Bosnian Muslims or Bosniaks around the world, including the large number who left the country during the Bosnian war. Well over two million Bosnian Muslims live in their native Bosnia and Herzegovina. They are 45-48 percent of the country's population, therefore the largest homogenous ethnic group. The modern Bosnian Muslims are often referred to as Bosniaks. They descend from Bošnjani who accepted Islam in the 15th century, and throughout the Ottoman rule of the country in general. Bosniaks are overwhelmingly Sunni Muslims.

Mimic octopus

The Mimic octopus ("Thaumoctopus mimicus") is a type of octopus that can mimic flatfish, starfish, eels, sea snakes, coral and more kinds of animals. It grows up to be 60 cm (2 feet) in length. It lives off the coast of southeast Asia, and it was discovered in 1998. Its coloring is brown and white stripes or spots. 

Diet 

The mimic octopus likes to eat small fish and crustaceans. 

HABITAT 

Mimic Octopus reach about 60cm in length and are typically brown 

and white striped for next two years,scientists filmed nine different mimic octopuses, 

Thaumoctopus mimics (Norman and hochberg, 2005),impersonating sea snakes, 

lion fish and flat fish a strategy used to avoid predetors mimic octupus . 

Tevin Campbell

Tevin Campbell (November 12, 1976) is an American R&B singer-songwriter. He has put out many hit singles. His first hit song was "Tommorow (A Better You, Better Me)" with Quincy Jones. It was number one on the "Billboard" Hip Hop and R&B chart in June 1990. He released "Round and Round" in November 1990. Other songs followed over the next two years. He was born in Texas.

Lady and the Tramp

Lady and the Tramp is a 1955 American-Italian animated movie. It was produced by Walt Disney. It was released to theaters on June 22, 1955, by Buena Vista Distribution. It is the 15th animated movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It was the first animated movie filmed in the CinemaScope widescreen movie process. It was nominated for Best Animated Movie at the BAFTA Awards.

The story is set in 1909. It is about a female American Cocker Spaniel named Lady. She lives with a refined, upper-middle-class family. The story is also about a male stray mutt called the Tramp. A direct-to-video sequel, "", was released in 2000.

A live-action remake was released on Disney+ on November 12, 2019.

In June 2011, "TIME" named it one of "The 25 All-TIME Best Animated Films". It has gotten some criticism for the portrayal of the Siamese cats, who are thought to be racist stereotypes of Asian people.



Mark Champion

Mark Champion (born August 8, 1950) is the radio voice of the Detroit Pistons. He also called games for the Detroit Fury, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Detroit Lions, and Michigan State Spartans. Champion also worked for CBS Radio and Westwood One. He was an anchor of Olympics on CBS Radio as well as calling golf tournaments for CBS Radio. Champion was the play-by-play announcer for College Basketball on Westwood One as well as NFL on Westwood One as an announcer for Thanksgiving Classic and a substitute for Sunday doubleheader for Harry Kalas when Kalas was still calling games for the Philadelphia Phillies.

Bob Rathbun

Bob Rathbun (born November 25, 1954 in Wakefield, Rhode Island) is an American sportscaster. He currently is the voice of the Atlanta Hawks of the NBA and the Atlanta Dream of the WNBA. He was the voice of the Atlanta Braves for many years. He calls college football and basketball for FSN South and college basketball games for Jefferson-Pilot/Raycom Sports. Rathbun also called games for the Washington Bulletts, Baltimore Orioles, Tidewater Tides, Detroit Tigers, and Richmond Braves.

David Steele

David Steele (born August 13, 1953 in Jacksonville, Florida) is an American sportscaster with the Orlando Magic. He was the play-by-play announcer for the Florida Gators football team. He was the play-by-play announcer for the Western Carolina Catamounts football and basketball teams and the Orlando Renegades of the United States Football League.

Loretta Devine

Loretta Devine (born August 21, 1949) is an American movie, stage and television actress. She has starred on many television sitcoms, like "A Different World". She acted in the movies "Waiting to Exhale", "I Am Sam", "For Colored Girls" and many others. She has won several Emmy Awards.

Devine was born in Texas.

Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar

Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar () is a 1992 Hindi language sports drama movie directed by Mansoor Khan. Aamir Khan and Ayesha Jhulka play the main roles. The movie also has Mamik Singh, Deepak Tijori, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Pooja Bedi in supporting roles.

Follows the fortunes of brothers Sanjaylal and Ratanlal Sharma, two working-class lads who live in the scenic college town of Dehradun. While Ratan is a devoted student and hard worker, Sanjay is a lazy prankster, always getting into trouble. Intense rivalry exists between the three major public schools in the area and, following Ratan's defeat in a cycle race, the boys' father vows to win back their honor.


Ada (programming language)

Ada is a computer programming language. It was invented by Jean Ichbiah during the 1980s. It is very similar to the programming language Pascal. Ada offers various features to make a programme as safe as possible. That is why it is often used in systems, where an error can be very dangerous. Ada is an international standard.

Example of a Hello world program in Ada:

with Ada.Text_IO;

procedure Hello is
begin
end Hello;
Ada is a reference to the mathematician Ada Lovelace, well known for her work with Charles Babbage on the first computer, The Analytical Engine, and her short book 'Flyology'. 

Kitajima, Tokushima


Mohabbatein

Mohabbatein () is a 2000 Hindi language musical romantic movie directed by Aditya Chopra and produced by Yash Chopra. The film has Amitabh Bachchan, Shahrukh Khan and Aishwarya Rai in the lead with six new debutants playing the supporting roles. The movie went to become superhit at the box office. The movie also won two awards. 

The story follows Raj aiding three Gurukul students and their love interests to rebel against Narayan's intolerance of love. 



The movie's music were done by Jatin Lalit while lyrics were written by Anand Bakshi. The music of the movie became the most sold album of 2000. 

Komatsushima, Tokushima


Valérie Trierweiler

Valérie Trierweiler (born Massonneau, 16 February 1965, in Angers) is a French journalist. She was the partner of François Hollande from 2007 until January 2014. Trierweiler studied history and political sciences at the Sorbonne in Paris, and finished these with a university diploma, comparable to a Master of the Bologna process.

Aashiqui

Aashiqui is a 1990 Bollywood romance movie. It was directed by Mahesh Bhatt. Rahul Roy and Anu Agarwal played the main characters. The movie is mostly remembered due to its melodious songs made by Nadeem-Shravan. The movie won three Filmfare awards, all being in the music category.


Nadeem-Shravan wrote the music of the movie. Sameer wrote the lyrics of the songs. Kumar Sanu sang most of the songs in this movie. The soundtrack of the movie is the most sold Bollywood music album of the 1990s.


Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak

Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak or QSQT () is a 1988 Bollywood romantic movie directed by Mansoor Khan. The movie starred Aamir Khan and Juhi Chawla in the title role. The movie's story is based on "Romeo and Juliet".


Willie Stargell

Wilver Dornell "Willie" Stargell (March 6, 1940 – April 9, 2001) was an American professional baseball player. He was nicknamed "pops" in the later years of his career. He played Major League Baseball for 21 years. He was the left fielder and first baseman for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1962-1982). While he was with the Pirates, he batted .282. He scored 2,232 hits, 423 doubles, 475 home runs and 1540 runs batted in. This helped his team win six National League East division titles, two National League pennants and two World Series (1971, 1979). Stargell was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1988.

Stargell died on April 9, 2001 at a hospital in Wilmington, North Carolina. He had problems with his kidneys for several years before his death. Stargell died on the same day that the Pittsburgh Pirates opened their new ballpark, PNC Park. After his death, former Pirates manager Chuck Tanner said, "When you had Willie Stargell on your team, it was like having a diamond ring on your finger."



Katie Taylor

Katie Taylor (born 2 July 1986) is an Irish boxer. She got a gold medal for Ireland in the Women's lightweight event in Boxing. She is the current world champion in her division.

Charley Pride

Charley Frank Pride (March 18, 1934December 12, 2020) was an American country music singer, recording artist, baseball player, and businessman. Along with Stoney Edwards and O.B. McClinton, Pride was and remains one of the most notable black country singers of the 1960s and 1970s.

Charley Pride was born on March 18, 1938 in Sledge, Mississippi to a family of sharecroppers. A mistake on his birth certificate reads his first name as "Charl." Growing up, Pride dreamed of becoming a baseball pitcher and learned to play the guitar at the age of 14.

Pride got his start in baseball in The American Negro League for many teams, including the Mississippi Red Sox, the Birmingham Black Barons, the New York Mets and the Boise Yankees. (The C team for the New York Yankees). It was during this time Pride met and married his wife, Rozene.

Pride was known to sing at baseball games. He was encouraged to pursue a career in music and caught the eye of record producer Chet Atkins who signed Pride a record deal in 1965. Following that year, Pride released and recorded his debut song "The Snakes Crawl out at Night" which played on the radio but didn't chart. It wasn't until 1969 when he released the record "From Me to You" that he became more well known. In 1971 Pride was at the top of the "Billboard" charts with the song "Kiss an Angel Good Mornin." Pride also played concerts internationally in Northern Ireland in 1975. In 1981, Pride sang for Ronald Reagan at his Inauguration. The same year he released the album "There's A Little Bit of Hank in Me, where he does his own versions of songs which were first done by Hank Williams. 
In 1994, Pride published his autobiography.

Pride and his wife Rozene lived in Dallas, Texas. In 2010, Pride became an investor for the Texas Rangers and was regularly seen at their games.

Pride had two sons and a daughter. One of his sons played in a band.

Pride died in Dallas on December 12, 2020, of problems related to COVID-19. He was 86 years old.


George Strait

George Harvey Strait Sr. (born May 18, 1952) is an American country music singer, actor, and music producer. Strait is referred to as the "King of Country," and critics call Strait a living legend. He is known for his unique style of western swing music, bar-room ballads, honky-tonk style, and fresh yet traditional Country music. George Strait holds the world record for more number-one hit singles than any other artist in the history of music on any chart or in any genre, having recorded 59 number-one hit singles as of 2012.

Strait has been recording with MCA Records for 30 years. He has had 60 No. 1 songs on all country charts (including Mediabase 24/7, the former Radio & Records chart, and the Gavin Report chart), and has more No. 1 hits than any other artist in any genre. His 44 "Billboard" magazine country No. 1's are a record, four more than Conway Twitty's total that includes several duets with Loretta Lynn. Strait is also the first artist in the history of "Billboard" magazine to have at least one single enter the Top 10 of a "Billboard" chart for 30 consecutive years. The first was in 1981 when his first single "Unwound" reached No. 6 on the Hot Country Singles chart. All of his Top 10 singles have been on that chart. Strait has sold more than 68 million albums in the United States and 13 multi-platinum, 33 platinum, and 38 gold albums.



Ronnie Drew

Joseph Ronald "Ronnie" Dunam Drew (16 September, 1934 - 16 August, 2008) was an Irish folk singer and country singer. He was born in Londonderry, Ireland in 1934. Ronnie was best known for his long beard and voice, he was also named the Irish Santa Clause by friends. And Celtic Clause to others.

Joel Schumacher

Joel T. Schumacher (August 29, 1939 – June 22, 2020) was an American movie director, writer, screenwriter, and producer. He was known for his movies such as "D.C. Cab", "Batman Forever", "Batman & Robin", "The Lost Boys", "Falling Down", "A Time to Kill", "8mm", "Tigerland", and "Phone Booth". His directorial debut came in 1981 "The Incredible Shrinking Woman".

Schumacher was born on August 29, 1939 in New York City. He studied at Parsons The New School for Design and University of California, Los Angeles. Schumacher was openly gay. He died from cancer on June 22, 2020 in New York City, aged 80.

Jerry Robinson

Sherrill David Robinson (January 1, 1922 – December 7, 2011) or Jerry Robinson, was an American comic book artist and writer. He created The Joker and Robin.

Robinson was born on January 1, 1922 in Trenton, New Jersey. He studied at Columbia University. Robinson died on January 7, 2011 from natural causes in his home in Staten Island, New York, aged 89.


Linda Hamilton

Linda Hamilton (born September 26 1956) is an American television and movie actress. She was born in Salisbury, Maryland. She played Sarah Connor in "The Terminator" (1984), "" (1991) and "" (2019). She also starred in the movies "King Kong Lives" (1986) and "Dante's Peak" (1997), as well as in the television series "Beauty and the Beast" (1987–1989), "Chuck" (2011–2012) and several other television programs.


Delroy Lindo

Delroy George Arthur Lindo (18 November 1952 as Norman Flemming) is an English actor. He has performed in many movies and stage acts. He starred in the movies "Malcolm X" and "Crooklyn". He was born in London.

Geoffrey Holder

Geoffrey Lamont Holder (August 1, 1930 – October 5, 2014) was an Trinidadian movie, television, stage, radio, voice actor, choreographer, director, dancer, painter, costume designer, and singer. Holder was known for his deep soft voice. He was in "The Wiz", "Annie", "Live and Let Die", "Bear in the Big Blue House", "Doctor Dolittle". He narrated "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory". Holder won two Tony Awards in 1975 and a Drama Desk Award in 1975.

Holder was born on August 1, 1930 in Port of Spain, Trinidad, Trinidad and Tobago. He studied at Queens Royal College. He was married to Carmen de Lavallade from 1955 until his death in 2014. Holder had a brother, Boscoe Holder. 

Holder died in Manhattan, New York City from pneumonia, aged 84.


Paddy Barnes

Paddy Barnes (born 9 April 1987) is an Irish boxer. He got a bronze medal in the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics. As of 1 May 2013, He was 6th in the world in his division, the men's light flyweight.

Bahadur Shah II

Bahadur Shah II, better known as Bahadur Shah Zafar (24 October 1775 7 November 1862) (reigned 1837-1858), was the last emperor of the Mughal Empire of India. Bahadur Shah died on the 7th of November in 1862 in Rangon(now Yangon, Myanmar)
Bahadur Shah was the son of Akbar Shah II. He fought the revolt of 1857 (first independence war of India) with many freedom fighters or leaders such as Rani Lakshmi bai , Tatya Tope and Mangal Pandey, etc against the East India Company and British army. 

Bahadur Shah became the Mughal Emperor after his father's death on 28 September 1837.
Bahadur Shah ruled over a Mughal Empire that barely extended beyond Delhi's Red Fort.
The East India Company ruled India. The company allowed him a pension. He had no real power in India. 

He fought with a small army and ultimately lost the revolt. The Red fort was captured and Bahadur Shah was forced to flee to Humayun's tomb. On 20th of September, he was found and captured. 

After the Indian Rebellion of 1857, the British Administration exiled him from Delhi. He was sent to a prison in Rangoon (now Yangon), Burma and died there.

Bahadur Shah Zafar was known as an Urdu poet, who used the pen-name "Zafar". His work was compiled as the "Kuliyaat-e-Zafar" (Urdu: Collected Works of Zafar Notes and references) 


Michael Conlan

Michael Conlan (born 19 November 1991) is an Irish boxer who got a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics representing Ireland. He is currently 3rd in the world in his division, the fly.

Jonathan Hardy

Jonathan Hardy (20 September 1940 – 30 July 2012) was a New Zealand-Australian movie, television, stage, voice actor, comedian, writer and director. He was in "The Devil's Playground", "Mad Max", "Mr. Reliable", and in "Moulin Rouge!". Jonathan guested in over 26 television series, acted in over 20 films and in many television movies and mini-series.

Hardy was born on 20 September 1940 in Wellington, New Zealand. 

Hardy died on 30 July 2012 in his home in Southern Highlands, New South Wales, Australia from unknown causes, aged 71.

George Miller (director)

George Miller (born 3 March 1945) or Dr. George Miller is an Australian movie director, screenwriter, producer, and a former doctor. Miller is mostly known for the "Mad Max" franchise and "Babe" movie series. He also wrote and directed the Academy and BAFTA Award winning movie "Happy Feet". Miller was born in Brisbane, Australia.

Badlands

Badlands are a type of dry terrain which is extremely difficult to move across.

It happens when softer rock is eroded by wind and water, leaving harder rock sticking up. Canyons, ravines, gullies and other such geological forms are common in badlands. They are very difficult to cross by foot, or even on horse, and impossible by car. Dry badlands may have spectacular colour displays that range from dark black/blue coal strata to bright clays and sandstone.

The term 'badlands' is apt: badlands have steep slopes, loose dry soil, slick clay, and deep sand, all of which act against travel and other uses. They form in dry regions with infrequent but intense rain-showers, little vegetation, and soft sediments which get massive erosion.

Some of the most famous fossil beds are found in badlands, where erosion rapidly exposes the sedimentary layers and the scant cover of vegetation makes surveying and fossil hunting relatively easy.

Coal seams get exposed in some badlands, so some coal mining districts have developed in badlands areas. An example of this is the Drumheller district of the Red Deer River in Alberta, where the Atlas Coal Mine historical site shows the last of 139 mines which operated in the badlands.

Some of the best-known badland formations can be found in North America. In the U.S., the Alleghenies have parts which are true badlands. There it is possible to move in one compass direction, but not at 90 to that direction. Makoshika State Park in Montana, Theodore Roosevelt National Park in North Dakota and Badlands National Park in South Dakota together form a series of extensive badland formations. Dinosaur National Monument in Colorado and Utah are also badlands settings.

The Big Muddy Badlands in Saskatchewan, Canada, gained notoriety as a hideout for outlaws. There is a large badland area in Alberta, Canada, particularly in the valley of the Red Deer River (where Dinosaur Provincial Park is) and in Drumheller, Alberta where the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology is.

A well-known badlands formation in New Zealand is the Putangirua Pinnacles – formed by the erosion of the conglomerate of an old river delta. It is at the head of a small valley near the southern tip of the North Island.

Nicholas Pileggi

Nicholas Pileggi (born February 22, 1933) is an American author, producer and screenwriter. He wrote the book "Goodfellas". The movie "Goodfellas" was based on that book. He was an executive producer for the 2019 Netflix movie "The Irishman".

Pileggi was born in New York City, New York on February 22, 1933. Pileggi was married to Nora Ephron from 1987 until her death in 2012. He won a BAFTA Award for his screenplay for "Goodfellas".


Louise Brown

Louise Brown (born 25 July 1978) was the first person to be born as a result of in vitro fertilization.

Peter Ustinov

Sir Peter Alexander Ustinov CBE FRSA (born Peter Alexander Baron von Ustinow; 16 April 1921 – 28 March 2004) was an English actor, filmmaker and writer. He portrayed lead roles in the movies "Spartacus", "Death on the Nile", "Evil Under the Sun", "Quo Vadis", and "Topkaki".

Ustinov was born on 16 April 1921 in Swiss Cottage, London Borough of Camden. He studied at the Westminster School. He was married to Isolde Denham from 1940 until they divorced in 1950. He later married Suzanne Cloutier from 1954 until they divorced in 1971. He was then married to Helene de Lau d'Allemans from 1972 until his death in 2004. He lived in Bursins, Vaud, Switzerland and had three children.

Ustinov died on 28 March 2004 in Genolier, Vaud, Switzerland from heart failure, aged 82.

Ustinov won two Academy Awards, a Silver Bear Award, a BAFTA Award, three Emmy Awards, a Golden Globe Award, and a Grammy Award.


Joan Roberts

Joan Roberts (July 15, 1917 – August 13, 2012) was an American movie, television, and stage actress. She was known for her role as Laurey in "Oklahoma!".

Roberts was born on July 15, 1917 in New York City, New York. Roberts was married to John J. Donlon from 1946 until his death in 1965. She was married to Alexander Peter from 1966 until his death in 1993. Roberts had a son with Donlon. Roberts died on August 13, 2012 from heart failure in her home in Stamford, Connecticut, aged 95.


Saskatchewan River

The Saskatchewan River is one of the great rivers of North America. It is part of the Hudson Bay watershed. It flows in Canada east from the Rockies to Lake Winnipeg, and eventually empties into the Hudson Bay. 

On its journey from the Rockies, the river goes across three provinces, and covers 1,205 miles (1,939 kilometres) from its furthest point. Starting in Alberta, the river goes right through Saskatchewan and ends up in Manitoba.

The river's tributaries in Manitoba and Saskatchewan are also large and important rivers. They include:

Black-billed magpie

The black-billed magpie ("Pica hudsonia") is a magpie, a type of songbird. It is a medium-sized member of the crow family with glossy black and white plumage and a black beak. The black-billed magpie lives in North America west of the Appalaches and north of the big Deserts. It can be found in temperate, open landscape. It is an omnivorous species: Insects, carrion and seeds are its main food, but it also takes small vertebrates and eggs. The breeding season of the black-billed magpie starts in May and it takes until the end of June for all chicks to fledge. The birds breed in solitary pairs that stay together for life.

In the genus "Pica", the species is closest to the North American yellow-billed magpie ("P. nuttalli"). Both species share a common ancestor that migrated from Kamtchatka to Alaska some time in the Pleistocene. Black-billed and yellow-billed magpie diverged as a result of the glaciation of the Rocky Mountains. The yellow-billed magpie became isolated in the warm climate of California and adapted to it. The species' population is stable and it is currently not considered as endangered.

2012 D.C. United season

The 2012 D.C. United is the seventeenth season for D.C. United playing in Major League Soccer. The team is playing in the Eastern Conference. 

Bujar Nishani

Bujar Faik Nishani (29 September 1966 – 28 May 2022) was an Albanian politician. He was the President of Albania from 2012 until 2017.

Bujar Nishani was born in Durrës, Albania. In 1988 he finished the Military Academy "Skënderbej". In 1996 he followed his master studies in San Antonio, Texas and California. In 2004 he graduated at the Law Faculty of University of Tirana. He completed his master in European Studies.

He was married to Odeta Nishani and had 2 children. His left hand and his left leg move with difficulty. He had liver disease.

In March 2022, Nishani was hospitalized for COVID-19 and pneumonia. A month later, he was taken to a hospital in Berlin, Germany for treatment.

Nishani died of problems caused by COVID-19 on 28 May 2022, aged 55.

Justine Bateman

Justine Tanya Bateman (born February 19, 1966) is an American writer, director, producer and former actress. Her acting work includes "Family Ties", "Satisfaction", "Men Behaving Badly", "The TV Set", "Desperate Housewives", and "Californication". The first movie she directed was "Violet". It starred Olivia Munn, Luke Bracey and Justin Theroux. The movie was first shown at the 2021 SXSW Film Festival. Bateman also wrote, directed and produced the short "Five Minutes". It was first shown at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival.

The Sword in the Stone (1963 movie)

The Sword in the Stone is a 1963 American animated fantasy comedy movie based on T. H. White's novel of the same name and produced by Disney. It was released on December 25, 1963. It was the last movie released before Walt Disney died three years later. The novel was first published in 1938 as a single one. It was republished in 1958 as one of the four books in "The Once and Future King".


The movie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Score—Adaptation or Treatment, but lost to "Irma La Douce".


The Jungle Book (1967 movie)

The Jungle Book is a 1967 American animated movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was released on October 18, 1967. It is the 19th animated movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It was inspired by the stories about Mowgli from the book of the same name by Rudyard Kipling. It was directed by Wolfgang Reitherman. It was the last to be produced by Walt Disney, who died during its production.

The early versions of both the screenplay and the soundtrack followed Kipling's work more closely. There was a dramatic, dark, and sinister tone which Disney did not want in his family movie. The first writer Bill Peet and composer Terry Gilkyson were replaced. The movie made over $73 million in the United States in its first release.

This movie has a sequel called "The Jungle Book 2".

After a panther named Bagheera finds a human orphan baby, he convinces his friends the wolves to raise the boy. They name him Mowgli. Mowgli wears a loincloth. When the wolves are afraid that Shere Khan the Tiger wants to kill Mowgli, Bagheera tries to take Mowgli to the village where the humans live. When Mowgli finds out, he climbs a tree and grabs onto it so Bagheera grabs onto Mowgli's loincloth with his mouth and tries to pull Mowgli off by giving him a wedgie. Mowgli then meets an elephant calf (meaning a young elephant) whose father Colonel Hathi is in the army and sings about being elephants in the military. Hathi and his wife Winifred let Bagheera have Mowgli back. Bagheera tries to convince Mowgli that he should leave the Jungle but Mowgli refuses so Bagheera leaves. Then Bagheera thinks that Mowgli is in danger after Mowgli meets a Sloth bear named Baloo who teaches Mowgli to roar. Baloo tells Bagheera that Mowgli will be fine with him. So Baloo sings a song called "The Bare Necessities" to Mowgli about how the only things that are important are the things you really need. Then monkeys kidnap Mowgli and bring him to their leader King Louie. Baloo goes to Bagheera to ask him for his help to rescue Mowgli. King Louie gives Mowgli a wedgie to keep him from escaping. But then King Louie gives Mowgli bananas to eat and sings a song about how he wants Mowgli to give him The Red Flower so that he can become human. Baloo and Bagheera rescue Mowgli. When Mowgli falls asleep, Baloo and Bagheera argue since Bagheera says if Mowgli stays in the jungle, then Shere Khan will kill him because of how much he hates humans. So when Mowgli wakes up, Baloo tells Mowgli that he has to leave the jungle but Mowgli gets angry and leaves Baloo. A python named Kaa sings a song to Mowgli called "Trust in Me" about how he's the only one Mowgli can trust and Kaa uses the song to hypnotize Mowgli and tries to eat him but then Shere Khan comes and Mowgli escapes. Mowgli meets four vultures who sing about friendship but then Shere-Khan comes and tries to kill him though Baloo and Bagheera and the vultures come to Mowgli to protect him. Mowgli figures out how to use fire to fight Shere Khan and burn him and Shere Khan runs away but Baloo is injured and looks like he's dead. Bagheera gives a eulogy for Baloo but it turns out Baloo is alive. Mowgli sees a human girl singing while holding a bucket of water so Mowgli falls in love with her and leaves the Jungle to live in the same village that she lives in. 


Asterisks mark actors that were the "Additional Voices", but were uncredited.

The song "The Bare Necessities" was nominated for Best Song at the 40th Academy Awards. It lost to "Talk to the Animals" from "Doctor Dolittle". Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences president Gregory Peck wanted this movie to be nominated for Best Picture, but he was unsuccessful.


Leigh-Allyn Baker

Leigh-Allyn Baker-Kauffman (born April 3, 1972 in Murray, Kentucky, USA) is an American movie, television and voice actress and comedian. Most famous for her role of Amy Blankenhooper-Duncan in Dinsye's comedy TV Series "Good Luck Charlie", where she has been playing since 2010, she also provides the voice of Abby from "Back at the Barnyard" and Gigi from "Rivit Monsters".

Leigh-Allyn has been married to an entertainment executive Keith Kauffman (b.1974) since 2005. They have two sons together - Griffin Kauffman (b. in early of 2009) and Baker James Kauffman (b.September 18, 2012).

Caterham

Caterham is a town in Surrey. It is 22 miles (34 km) from Guildford. There are 20,957 people living in the town. The town is made of two parts. The old part is now called Caterham on the Hill. The new part is called Caterham Valley. Caterham Valley was started after a railway was built below Caterham village, in 1856. 

Caterham was once the most eastern town in Surrey. It became the most northeastern town in Surrey when Greater London was made. 

There used to be a barracks in the town. Twenty three people were hurt by an explosion at the Caterham Arms in 1975. The explosion was caused by the Irish Republican Army. They wanted to kill soldiers from the barracks.

Caterham has many churches. The church of St. Lawrence is about one thousand years old. Three churches were made in the Victorian era. These were: St. Mary's, Caterham United Reformed church and St. John's.

A sports car maker is named after the town.

Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani

Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani () is a 2000 Bollywood movie directed by Aziz Mirza. The movie stars Shahrukh Khan and Juhi Chawla in main roles. The movie's music was done by Jatin Lalit.

The movie is about rivalry between two reporters, Ajay Bakhshi (Shahrukh Khan) and Rai Banerjee (Juhi Chawla). Later, they reunite to fight against corruption in the country.


Abhijeet Bhattacharya

Abhijeet Bhattacharya (born 30 October 1958) is an Indian singer. He has won a Filmfare Award for the song "Main Koi Aisa Geet Gaaon" from "Yes Boss" in 1997.

He started his singing career in 1985. He became more popular in the 90s and early 2000s when he contributed to movies like "Baaghi", "Main Khiladi Tu Anari", "Yeh Dillagi", "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge", "Yes Boss", "Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani", "Dhadkan", "Chalte Chalte", "Main Hoon Na".

Dhadkan

Dhadkan () is a Bollywood romantic drama movie directed by Dharmesh Darshan. The movie has Akshay Kumar, Shilpa Shetty, Sunil Shetty and Mahima Chaudhry in the main roles. The movie's music was done by Himanshu Jaykar & Nadeem-Shravan.


The music of the movie went to become very popular of that year. It was also the second most sold Bollywood music album.



Raja Hindustani

Raja Hindustani () is a 1996 Bollywood movie directed by Dharmesh Darshan. The movie has Aamir Khan and Karisma Kapoor playing the main roles. The music were done by Nadeem-Shravan. The movie won six Filmfare awards and also many other several awards that year.


The music was composed by Nadeem-Shravan. Plannet Bollywood ranks the movie soundtracks at 56 in its all time top 100 Greatest Bollywood soundtracks.
The music album was also the most sold album of 1996.



Teddington

Teddington is a suburban area in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames. It is in south west London, on the north bank of the River Thames, between Hampton Wick and Twickenham. It stretches inland from the River Thames to Bushy Park. 

Formerly, it was in the county of Middlesex, which was in its postal county until they were abolished in 1996.

The A309, A310, A313 and B358 roads pass through Teddington.

Teddington has a railway station.

The 33, 281, 285, 481, R68, X26 and N33 bus routes pass through Teddington.

Greer Garson

Eileen Evelyn Greer Garson (29 September 1904 – 6 April 1996) was an English actress. She was very popular during the 1940s. She was born in Manor Park, Essex.

After many stage appearances, Greer Garson was signed to a contract with MGM. She became one of the studio's top ten box office draws. Garson received seven Academy Award nominations and she won the award for "Mrs. Miniver" (1942). After the 1940s, her career declined.

Garson moved to the United States and in 1951 became an American citizen. She died from heart failure at Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas, Texas, on 6 April 1996 at the age of 91.

Peter Van Wagner

Peter Van Wagner (born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American movie and television actor. He was in "Boardwalk Empire", "Arthur", and "Tower Heist".

Wagner was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 

Robert Bakker

Bob Bakker (Robert Hethan Bakker, March 24, 1945) was born in Bergen County, New Jersey. He is an American paleontologist and writer, who developed modern ideas about dinosaurs. Bakker studied at Yale University and Harvard University.

Bakker accepted his mentor John Ostrom's idea that dinosaurs were warm-blooded (endothermic). With this as a starting-point, Bakker publicised the "dinosaur renaissance" in paleontological studies. His special field is the ecological context and behavior of dinosaurs.

Bakker has been a major proponent of the theory that dinosaurs were warm-blooded, smart, fast, and adaptable. His main work, "The Dinosaur Heresies", was published in 1986. He revealed the first evidence of parental care at nesting sites for "Allosaurus". Bakker was among the advisors for the film "Jurassic Park" and for the 1992 PBS series, "".

His later book, "Raptor Red", has not been filmed.


Woking

Woking is a large town in Surrey. There are 62,796 people living in the town. Woking is 7 miles (11 km) from Guildford. 

Wendie Malick

Wendie Malick (born Wendy Malick, December 13, 1950) is an American movie, television, and voice actress, who is known for her roles as Judith Tupper Stone in "Dream On", Nina Van Horn in "Just Shoot Me!" and Ronee Lawrence on the NBC sitcom "Frasier". She has won a Golden Globe Award and a Emmy Award.

Malick was born on December 13, 1950 in Buffalo, New York. She studied at Williamsville South High School and at Ohio Wesleyan University. Malick has been married to Mitch Glazer from 1982 until they divorced in 1989. She was married to Richard Erickson since 1995.


George Moscone

George Richard Moscone (November 24, 1929 – November 27, 1978) was an American lawyer and politician. He served the mayor of San Francisco from 1976 through 1978. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Moscone was born on November 24, 1929 in San Francisco, California. He studied at St. Ignatius College Preparatory and at University of the Pacific.

Moscone was married to Gina Bodanza until his death. He had 4 children.

Moscone was mayor when he and Harvey Milk were shot dead by Dan White on November 27, 1978 in San Francisco City Hall. Moscone was later buried.

In the 2008 movie "Milk", he was played by Victor Garber.


Peter Orlovsky

Peter Anton Orlovsky (July 8, 1933 – May 30, 2010) was an American poet, writer and movie actor. He was the lifelong partner of Allen Ginsberg. Orlovsky was in 3 movies: "Pull My Daisy", "Chappaqua" and "Me and My Brother".

Orlovsky was born on July 8, 1933 in New York City, New York and studied at Columbia University. Orlovsky's father was a Russian immigrant. Orlovsky died on May 30, 2010 in Williston, Vermont from lung cancer, aged 76. He was buried in Williston.


Epsom

Epsom is a town in northern Surrey. The town is known for its race course and the horse race held there. It is owned by the Jockey Club, it is one of few racecourses in the UK that maintains a fantastic relationship with Queen Elizabeth, who attends annually to watch The Derby in early June. The first recorded race held at Epsom Downs Racecourse was in 1661. The Epsom Grandstand Association controlled racing on the course from the mid 19th century. 

The town also gives it name to epsom salts which are found in mineral water here. By the end of the Georgian period (early 1800s) Epsom was a spa town. After the Restoration of Charles II in 1660 its popularity increased, and visitors included Nell Gwyn and Samuel Pepys. The popularity of the spa declined after about 1725, but by then numerous large houses had been built by wealthy people who appreciated the nearness to London. Assembly rooms were built and still stand as the Assembly Rooms public house. Some remains of this are its water pump, wells and exhibits in the town's museum. A housing estate has been built upon the wells in the south-west of the town.

Louis Persinger

Louis Persinger (b. Rochester, Illinois, USA, 11 February 1887; died New York 31 December 1966) was an American violinist and pianist.

Louis Persinger first performed in public when he was 12 years old. He studied at the Leipzig Conservatory with Hans Becker, and later with Eugène Ysaÿe in Brussels, and for two summers with Jacques Thibaud in France. He became leader of the Berlin Philharmonic orchestra and the Royal Opera Orchestra in Brussels. In 1912 he returned to the USA and played with the Philadelphia Orchestra conducted by Leopold Stokowski. In 1915 he was appointed leader and assistant conductor of the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra. He followed Leopold Auer in 1930 as a teacher at the Juilliard School, in New York.

Besides his work performing with orchestras he played chamber music, forming his own string quartet and directing the Chamber Music Society of San Francisco.

Persinger is particularly remembered now as the teacher of several great violinists, including Yehudi Menuhin, Ruggiero Ricci, Isaac Stern. His way of teaching was different from that of most other teachers. He focussed on things that would make his pupils interested and used simple words.

As a piano accompanist he played with Ruggiero Ricci for many recitals and recordings. He also played for Yehudi Menuhin when the 10 year old boy gave his first recital in New York.

On his 75th birthday he gave a recital at the Julliard School of Music, playing half the programme on the violin and the other half on the piano.


Madeleine Stowe

Madeleine Stowe (born August 17 1958) is an American movie and television series actress. She starred in movies such as "Revenge", "Stakeout" and "The Two Jakes". She was born in Los Angeles, California.

William Cobbett

William Cobbett (9 March 1763– 18 June 1835) was a journalist and Member of Parliament for England for the Radicals. He made many journeys around England. He wrote a book called "Rural Rides" about what he saw.

Carol Kane

Carolyn Laurie "Carol" Kane (born June 18, 1952) is an American actress. On television, she won an Emmy Award for her acting on the series "Taxi". She has been in many movies including "Annie Hall", "Jumpin' Jack Flash" and "The Princess Bride". On Broadway, she worked on the musical "Wicked". Kane was born near Cleveland, Ohio.

Geddes Plan for Tel Aviv

The Geddes Plan for Tel Aviv was the first master city plan for Tel Aviv. It was designed in 1925-1929 by the Scottish city planner Sir Patrick Geddes. This program designed the center of Tel Aviv and the area now known as "Old North".

In 1925 Patrick Geddes was commissioned to design a master plan for the city of Tel Aviv. The plan he produced was accepted in 1929. Tel Aviv turned out to be the only example of one of Geddes’ plans being built largely as he envisaged and is a good example of an early planned city. The area of Tel Aviv originally planned by Geddes makes up approximately 7.5% of the current day municipality of Tel Aviv and is now known as Tel Aviv’s “Old North”. It was designed to be an extension of the much older neighboring Arabic port town Jaffa to the south and a home for the increasing population of Jews emigrating from other parts of the world (predominantly Eastern Europe).

Geddes, originally a biologist and sociologist were engaged to design a plan for the new city of Tel Aviv to be built adjacent to the ancient port town of Jaffa. The principles he employed for the city were strikingly similar to what we now know as New Urbanism ideas of planning - an emphasis was placed on pedestrians as opposed to motor car traffic, a sense of community and civic life was encouraged through the use of town squares and abundant planting of greenery provided significant focus on a minimal environmental footprint. Private automobile traffic was minimized and the city was envisaged on a pedestrian scale. This neighborhood identity has been crucial in the success of Tel Aviv as a city.

Another important aspect of Geddes's plan was the use of the “superblock,” which was popular in the early to mid 20th century with its origins in the modernist movement. The main principles were to create extra-large blocks bounded by major rather than minor roads and have them threaded with narrow one-way streets designed in such a way to discourage traffic. The aim of these superblocks was to foster community and a sense of civic life within them. In order to achieve this, it was planned that at the center of each block was meant to be a central public space (a garden or public building). In reality, the commercial factors resulted in few of these central squares being captured for public use.

Geddes took part of his inspiration from the Garden City movement developed by Ebenezer Howard, he was keen to ensure that greenery was an integral part of the Tel Aviv landscape. To this end, under his plan buildings were restricted to taking up a maximum of only one-third of any given site, these restrictions aimed to ensure maximum potential for neighborhoods well endowed with lush greenery.

Geddes did not prescribe a certain architectural style for the area, traditionally a city planned along the lines of the British Garden City Movement would aim for an architectural style based on the traditional style for the region. Geddes recognized that the majority of the population he was designed for would-be immigrants from Europe and other parts of the world. He encouraged the development of a distinctly ‘Jewish style’. Interestingly Geddes provides little more than this style recommendation in his planning report.

Over the following decades after Geddes's plan was realized the area began to decay and there was significant public lament and dissatisfaction with the decay of the city. This deterioration was later used as justification for the rapid redevelopment of the area in the 1950s. However, it was noted that this disapproval of the decay of the city quickly changed to nostalgia when old buildings began being razed to make way for new development. Resultantly significant effort was made to preserve the historical neighborhoods planned by Geddes and in 1984 the Council for the Preservation of buildings and Sites was established to protect them.

Critics of Tel Aviv’s layout have suggested it is not a beautiful city in the classic sense. A low standard of construction and of housing units (apartment buildings) has largely been blamed for this, citing that the buildings developed were ugly and akin to stacks of packing cases with shoeboxes for balconies.

Further criticism has been put that the city has not coped well with the increasing population and private car traffic not envisaged by Geddes at the time. Poor building construction and lack of proper maintenances have served as further critiques of the early city planning.

Notwithstanding these criticisms of Geddes's planning of Tel Aviv, while not immune to the modern problems of traffic and development that all cities today face, Tel Aviv is widely regarded as a successful city and symbol of modern-day Israel.


Will Arnett

William Emerson Arnett (born May 4, 1970) is a Canadian-American actor, comedian and producer. He starred in the "Arrested Development" and "30 Rock". He also voiced Lego Batman in animated movies, "The Lego Movie", "The Lego Batman Movie" and "". "Rumble". Arnett plays Detective Terry Seattle in the Netflix comedy mystery series "Murderville".

Arnett was born in Toronto. He married Penelope Ann Miller from 1994 to 1995. Arnett married Amy Poehler from 2003 to 2016. They have two children.


James Lipton

James Louis Lipton (September 19, 1926 – March 2, 2020) was an American writer, composer, movie, television actor and host of the television show "Inside the Actors Studio". He created the show in 1994 and hosted it until 2018.

Lipton was born on September 19, 1926 in Detroit, Michigan and studied at Central High School and Wayne State University for a year. Lipton was married to Nina Foch from 1954 until they divorced in 1959. He married Kedakai Turner in 1970.

Lipton died of bladder cancer at his home in New York City on March 2, 2020 at the age of 93.

Roger Allam

Roger Allam (born 26 October 1953) is an English movie, television, radio, voice and stage actor. He was born in London. He is known for his roles as Inspector Javert in "Les Misérables" and as E.P. Arnold Royalton in "Speed Racer". He has won two Olivier Awards in 2002 and in 2011, and another for best supporting actor. Roger Allam is also known for the role of Fred Thursday in the British Murder Mystery Show Endeavour.

Allam is married to Rebecca Saire. They have two sons.


Louis C.K.

Louis Szekely (born September 12, 1967) or Louis C.K. is an American comedian, writer, director, editor and actor. He is known for the series "Louie". He won two Emmy Awards between in 1999 and 2012.

C.K. was born in Washington, D.C.. C.K. married Alix Bailey from 1995 to 2008. They have two children.

In November 2017, "The New York Times" reported that five women said that C.K. committed sexual misconduct allegations.


Tom Bergeron

Thomas Raymond Bergeron (born May 6, 1955) is an American television personality and game show host who is best known as the host of "America's Funniest Home Videos" and the host of "Dancing with the Stars". He has won two Emmy Awards in 2000 and in 2012.

Bergeron was born on May 6, 1955, in Haverhill, Massachusetts. Bergeron has been married to Lois Bergeron since 1982. They have two daughters.

Bisma Karisma

Bisma Karisma (born in Bandung, West Java, Indonesia, November 27, 1990) is an Indonesian singer, dancer and actor. He is a member of the boy band SM*SH.




Amanda Donohoe

Amanda Donohoe (29 June 1962) is an English television series, movie and stage actress. She has had many notable roles. She starred in "L.A. Law" in the very early 1990s and in 1997's "Liar Liar". She was born near London, England.

In February 1991, Donohoe was in the first of the so-called "lesbian kiss episodes" on American television. Her character C.J. Lamb on "L.A. Law" kissed Abbie Perkins, played by Michele Greene.

Donohoe is of Russian, Swiss and Irish ancestry. Her partner is the multidisciplinary artist Russell Haswell. The couple live in Suffolk.




Donohoe won a Golden Globe Award for her role in "L.A. Law". She was nominated for an Outer Critics Circle Award for her Broadway debut in Uncle Vanya.

Colville Young

Sir Colville Norbert Young, GCMG, MBE (born 20 November 1932) is a Belizean politician who was the 2nd Governor General of Belize. He was appointed as Governor General in 1993 by Queen of the United Kingdom, Elizabeth II: she is also Queen of Belize because Belize is a commonwealth realm. In 2021, he retired as Governor General.

Dean Barrow

Dean Oliver Barrow (born 2 March 1951) was the fourth Prime Minister of Belize. He was leader of the United Democratic Party. He started his first term as Prime Minister after victory in the 2008 Belizean general election, started his second term as Prime Minister after victory in the 2012 election and started his third term as Prime Minister after victory in the 2015 elections. Citing health issues, Barrow initially said he would step down as Prime Minister no later than the end of 2019 and hinted he could do so earlier.

Barrow stopped being Prime Minister on November 12, 2020.


Governor-General of Belize

The Governor-General of Belize is Her Majesty's representative in all matters about Belize. 



List of prime ministers of Belize

This is a list of prime ministers of Belize. The Prime Minister is the head of government of Belize.

Lesbian kiss episode

The "lesbian kiss episode" is a type of the media portrayal of lesbianism in television media. It was made in the 1990s. The first time was in 1991 with a kiss on the American "L.A. Law" series. It was in the episode "He's a Crowd" between C.J. Lamb and Abby Perkins. David E. Kelley wrote the episode. He used the same idea in at least two of his other shows. Later television series included an episode in which a seemingly heterosexual female character has a kiss with a possibly lesbian or bisexual character. Most times, the potential of a relationship between the women does not survive past the episode. The lesbian or suspected lesbian never appears again.

Series which have had lesbian kiss episodes include:


Andres Bonifacio

General Andres Bonifacio Bonifacio y de Castro and Andres Bonifacio (30 November 1863 – 09 May 1897) was a Filipino resistance movement member, revolutionary, and soldier. He founded the independence group Katipunan. He was the first President of the Philippines Provisional Revolutionary government, serving between 1895 and 1896.



Cesar Virata

Cesar Enrique Aguinaldo Virata (born 12 December 1930) is a Filipino politician. He was Prime Minister of the Philippines from June 30 1981 to February 25 1986 and Finance minister from 1984 to 1986.


Dendrochronology

Dendrochronology is tree-ring dating. It is a method of dating which uses the patterns of growth rings in trees. In many types of wood, the time rings were formed can be dated to the exact calendar year. 

Dendrochronology has three main uses: 

In some parts of the world, it is possible to date wood back a few thousand years, or even many thousands. The maximum for "fully anchored chronologies" is a little over 11,000 years from present. The term "fully anchored chronology" means the dates are absolutely certain.

Dendrochronology (word derived from Greek , "dendron", "tree limb"; , "khronos", "time"; and , "-logia") was developed during the first half of the 20th century originally by the astronomer A.E. Douglass, who founded the Laboratory of Tree-Ring Research at the University of Arizona. Douglass researched sunspot activity. He expected changes in solar activity would affect climate patterns on Earth. The climate would be recorded by tree-ring growth patterns.

The phenomenon of tree rings and their relationship with wet and dry years had been noticed before Douglass. There is a brief note in one of Leonardo da Vinci's notebooks, and Charles Babbage in 1837 came up with the same idea.

Many trees in temperate zones make one growth ring each year, with the newest adjacent to the bark. Through a tree's life, a year-by-year ring pattern is formed which reflects the climatic conditions in which the tree grew. Adequate moisture and a long growing season result in a wide ring. A drought year may result in a very narrow one. 

Alternating poor and favorable conditions, such as mid summer droughts, can result in several rings forming in a given year. Problems like this are fixed by comparing one part of the world with another. Missing rings are rare in oak and elm trees: the only recorded instance of a missing ring in oak trees occurred in the year 1816, also known as the Year without a Summer. 

Trees from the same region will tend to develop the same patterns of ring widths for a given period. These patterns can be compared and matched ring for ring with trees growing in the same geographical zone and under similar climatic conditions. Following these tree-ring patterns from living trees back through time, chronologies can be built up, both for entire regions, and for sub-regions of the world. Thus wood from ancient structures can be matched to known chronologies (a technique called cross-dating) and the age of the wood determined precisely. 

The tree-ring dates can be extended back to 26,000 BP by using other methods. Those other methods use marine sediment layers and growth rings in corals.

Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology

The Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology (RTMP, and often referred to as the Royal Tyrrell Museum) is a popular Canadian tourist attraction. It is a leading centre of palaeontological research which has more than 130,000 fossils.

The museum is from Drumheller, Alberta and from Calgary. It is in the middle of the fossil-bearing strata of the Upper Cretaceous Horseshoe Canyon Formation. Its specimens come mainly from Dinosaur Provincial Park and the Devil's Coulee Dinosaur Egg Historic Nest Site.

The Royal Tyrrell Museum's mission is to "collect, preserve, research and interpret palaeontological history with special reference to Alberta’s fossil heritage".

The Museum is named in honour of Joseph Tyrrell, a geologist who discovered the first dinosaur in the Red Deer River Valley in 1884. The Museum opened September 25, 1985 and was given Royal status by Queen Elizabeth II in 1990. In its first year of operation, the Museum attracted over 500,000 visitors. The average annual number of visitors is about 400,000. In 2010 the museum welcomed its 10-millionth visitor, a young boy from Edmonton.

More than of the museum's is dedicated to exhibits. There are chronological galleries celebrating the 3.9 billion year history of life on Earth. One of the most popular is "Dinosaur Hall", with almost 40 mounted dinosaur skeletons, including specimens of "Tyrannosaurus rex" and "Albertosaurus". Other exhibits include "Lords of the Land"; "Burgess Shale"; "Devonian Reef", a life-size model of a 375 million year old reef; a "Cretaceous Garden", with over 600 living species of plants; "Age of Mammals"; and "Ice Ages".

"Triassic Giant" is a long specimen of the largest known marine reptile. The long ichthyosaur "Shonisaurus sikanniensis" was recovered from the shores of the Sikanni Chief River in northeastern British Columbia.

A window into the "Preparation Lab" allows visitors to watch technicians as they carefully prepare fossils for research and exhibition. There are also tours of the badlands; the hands-on "Nexen Science Hall" with interactive exhibits; simulated fossil digs, and summer camps for children and families, and much more.

Witenagemot

The Witenagemot or Witan was an institution in Anglo-Saxon England, from about the 7th to the 11th century. The name is Old English and means "council of the wise men". Originally, Witan was the plural of "wita" (the wise man); but it was used as a singular. The council was similar to the Germanic assembly called "Thing". 

The purpose of the Witenagemot was to give an opinion about the administration and the organisation of the kingdom. They talked about how law should develop. They elected or confirmed the king. The Witenagemot also had the power to depose a king. This happened when they deposed Sigeberht of Wessex in 755. They also deposed Æthelwald Moll of Northumbria in 765.
Witans were held at least once a year; usually more often. In many respects they were similar to modern-day Parliament. Unlike Parliament, the locations where they were held changed; neither the Witans nor the king had a permanent place to stay. 

When the Normans invaded England in 1066, they replaced the Witenagemot with another institution. This institution was still known as Witan or Witenagemot until the 12th century.

Wheatland, Iowa

Wheatland is a city in Clinton County, Iowa, United States.

Chorea

Chorea (sometimes called Choreia) is the name for a set of symptoms caused by some neurological conditions. The word "chorea" comes from Greek, where it means "dance". People with chorea move without being able to control those movements. The movements seem to spread from one muscle to the next. 

Chorea is one of the main symptoms of Huntington's disease. 

Some forms of chorea are not linked to neurological conditions, though. Chorea can develop as a complication of pregnancy. It can be a sign of hyperthyroidism. It can also be caused by drugs taken in the wrong dose. For example, L-Dopa (taken against Parkinson's disease), certain forms of birth control, or certain antipsychotics can cause chorea if they are used in the wrong doses.

Vermouth

Vermouth is a sweet wine, that has been converted to a spirit. It usually has between 15 and 18 percent of alcohol. Also, certain herbs are added to flavour the wine. Its name is derived from a plant called Artemisia absinthium, which makes it taste slightly bitter. It is often used for cocktails. In its current form, Vermouth was first made in Turin, in 1757. In the 19th century, it was also produced in France. Vermouth is also popular in parts of Spain. Vermouth is sometimes used as a substitute for white wine in cooking. 

Vermouth is not the same as the spirit called Absinthe. Absinthe is also based on Artemisia absinthium, but it has 45-50 percent alcohol per volume. 

National Treasure (movie)

National Treasure is a 2004 American action thriller movie starring Nicolas Cage. It was made by the Walt Disney Studios under Walt Disney Pictures.

Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment released Blu-ray Disc versions of "National Treasure" and its sequel, "National Treasure 2: Book of Secrets", on May 20, 2008.


Rose Marie

Rose Marie (born Rose Marie Mazzetta; August 15, 1923 – December 28, 2017) was an American actress and comedienne, with a career spanning nine decades. As a child performer she had a successful singing career as Baby Rose Marie. A veteran of vaudeville, her career included film, radio, records, theater, night clubs, and television.

Her best known role was Sally Rogers on "The Dick Van Dyke Show". She later portrayed Myrna Gibbons on "The Doris Day Show" and was also a frequent panelist on "Hollywood Squares". She was among the first major stars to be known simply by her first names and is the subject of a documentary film "Wait for Your Laugh" (2017), which features interviews from numerous co-stars, including Carl Reiner, Dick Van Dyke, Peter Marshall, and Tim Conway.

Marie was born Rose Marie Mazetta in New York City, New York on August 15, 1923.

At age 3, Marie started performing under the name Baby Rose Marie. At age 5, she became a radio star on NBC and made a series of movies.

In her teenage years, she was a nightclub and lounge performer in before becoming a radio comedienne. She was billed then as "The Darling of the Airwaves." According to her autobiography "Hold the Roses", Marie was assisted in her career by many members of organized crime, including Al Capone and Bugsy Siegel. She performed at the opening night of the Flamingo Hotel which was built by Siegel.

Marie was married to trumpeter Bobby Guy from 1946 until his death in 1964. The couple had one daughter, Georgiana.

Marie was a feminist.

On December 28, 2017, Marie died in her home in Van Nuys, California of natural causes at age 94.


Apolinario Mabini

Apolinario Mabini (July 23, 1864 — May 13, 1903) was a Philippine resistance activist, lawyer, and journalist. He was the prime minister and foreign minister of the Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Philippines (1898). He was the First Chairman of the Philippine Supreme Court (1898 - 1899). 



Manuel Roxas

Manuel Acuna Roxas (January 1, 1892 – April 15, 1948) was a Filipino politician. He was the President of the Philippine Commonwealth (1946) and the first President of the Third Philippine Republic (1946 - 1948). He was a Minister of the Philippine Commonwealth, Secretary of Finance (1938 – 1941) and Executive Secretary of Third Philippine Republic (1942). The Philippine Commonwealth was abolished after he was elected as President of the Third Philippine Republic.

Roxas was born in January 1892. After studying as a lawyer at the University of the Philippines, he started his career as a secretary to Judge Cayetano Arellano. He began his political career as councilor at Capiz, later on becoming governor in the province. He also became a speaker at congress. During this time, Roxas became co-chairman of the OsRox mission together with Sergio Osmeña and achieved the "Hare Hawes Cutting Independence Act" of 1933. This act promised to grant Philippine independence after 10 years but because of threats on imposed tariffs, especially in agriculture, it was highly debated on American and Filipino congress. In the end, it was decided that Philippine independence is only possible if the Philippines accept to keep U.S. military bases, a decision rejected by the Philippine Congress. 

Because of World War II, the Philippines had a difficult time rehabilitating its economy. After he was elected president, Roxas established the "Rehabilitation Finance Corporation", which helped many Filipinos who lost their homes, and created the "Central Bank of the Philippines", which funded the lack of food supply in the country. He also requested help from the United States under the "Philippine Rehabilitation Act" and the "Tydings Rehabilitation Act". This was used in turn to fix damaged roads, bridges, and buildings.

In consequence for receiving rehabilitation funds from the U.S., Roxas was forced to accept the preconditioned Philippine Trade Act or Bell Trade Act of 1946. He was also forced to sign the Military Bases Agreement which proposed to keep 23 military bases of the United States under 99 years inside the country.

Despite his efforts of rehabilitation, the Roxas administration was known for its corruption, rise of unemployment, and failure of land policies that led to the outbreak of the Hukbalahap rebellion.

His presidency ended when he died on April 15,1948 while delivering a speech at the "Clark Air Force Base" because of a heart attack. His vice president, Elpidio Quirino, became president.


Raja (1995 movie)

Raja is a 1995 Bollywood movie directed by Indra Kumar. The movie has Sanjay Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit in the title roles. The movie became a hit at the box office.

Madhu and Raja fall in love and decide to get married. However, Madhu's two elder brothers oppose their alliance as Raja does not come from a wealthy family. As the story progresses, the couple discovers that their families share a bitter past.


The film had songs made by Nadeem-Shravan while lyrics were written by Sameer. All songs were hit that year. 

Madhuri Dixit

Madhuri Dixit (born 15 May 1967) is an Indian actress who appear in Bollywood movies.
Dixit has won five Filmfare Awards, four for Best Actress and one for Best Supporting Actress. She holds the record for the highest number of Best Actress nominations (13) at Filmfare. In 2008, she was awarded the Padma Shri, India's fourth-highest civilian award by the Government of India.

She made her Bollywood debut with the movie "Abudh" in 1984. Her first breakthrough performance came in 1988, with the movie "Tezaab". The movie also established her career in the industry. Since then she has appeared in movies like "Dil", "Beta", "Khalnayak", "Raja", "Dil To Pagal Hai", "Hum Tumhare Hain Sanam", "Devdas", "Aaja Nachle". 
She took a break after "Devdas" to raise her children and made a comeback with "Aaja Nachle" in 2007.

She is married to Dr. Shriram Madhav and they have two children.



Natural killer cell

Natural killer cells (or NK cells) are a type of lymphocyte critical to the innate immune system. NK cells provide a rapid response to cells infected by viruses, or to bacterial cells. The response happens about 3 days after infection. NK cells also respond to tumour formation. 

NK cells are unique: they have the ability to recognise stressed cells in the absence of antibodies and major histocompatibility complex (MHC). This allows for a much faster immune reaction.

In early experiments in cancer patients and animals, investigators found what was called a "natural" reactivity. That is, a certain population of cells seemed to be able to kill tumour cells without previously being sensitized to them. At first many thought that these observations were artifacts. However, by 1973, 'natural killing' activity was established across a wide variety of species, and the existence of a separate line of cells with this ability was suggested.

To control their cytotoxic activity, NK cells have two types of surface receptors: activating receptors and inhibitory receptors. When the NK cell is activated, it destroys the cells which have switched it on. 

Small granules in their cytoplasm contain proteins and enzymes called granzymes. They are released close to a cell which has triggered their action. A protein "perforin" forms pores in the cell membrane of the target cell, creating a channel through which enzymes and other molecules can enter. This kills the target cell. The details vary according to whether the target is a virus, a bacterium or a tumour cell.

These inhibitory receptors recognize MHC class I molecules, which could explain why NK cells kill cells with low levels of MHC class I molecules. This inhibition is crucial to the role played by NK cells. MHC class I molecules are main way cells display viral or tumor antigens to cytotoxic T-cells. A common evolutionary adaptation to this seen in both intracellular microbes and tumours is a long-term down-regulation of these MHC I molecules. This makes the cells impervious to T-cell action. NK cells may have evolved as an evolutionary response: the loss of MHC would deprive these cells of the inhibitory effect of MHC and make them vulnerable to NK cell attack.

The "adaptive" immune response generates memory cells after a primary infection. Then there is a rapid response to later infections by the same antigen. Earlier it was thought that NK cells play no role in the adaptive immune responses, but now it seems they do.

Juan Luna

Juan Luna de San Pedro y Novicio Ancheta (; October 23, 1857 – December 7, 1899) was a Filipino nationalist, painter, artist, sculptor and Revolution activist. A prominent artist, he has been called the Philippines' national painter.


Charles Fleischer

Charles Fleischer (born August 27, 1950) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian. He is best known as the voice of Roger Rabbit in the "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" franchise.

From December 2010 to September 2011, Fleischer hosted his own web show called "Fleischer's Universe" on Ustream.tv.

Fleischer was born and raised in Washington, D.C. on August 27, 1950. He attended Southampton College of Long Island University, and studied acting at Chicago's Goodman Theatre.


Levant Fair

The Levant Fair (; "") was an international trade fair held near Tel Aviv Port in the 1920s and 1930s. It is also the nickname of the site where the fair was held.



Patrice Rushen

Patrice Rushen (September 30, 1954) is an American singer, composer and musician. She has had several hit songs. She is best known for the song "Forget Me Nots". She was born in Los Angeles, California.

John Joe Nevin

John Joseph "Joe" Nevin (born 7 June, 1989 in Mullingar, County Westmeath) is an Irish boxer. He competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics and got a silver medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He is currently 3rd AIBA World Rankings - Men's 56 kg in the world in his division, the bantamweight. On 6th October, 2012, John Joe Nevin announces to the public on The Saturday Night Show that he is turning professional

The Stolen Eagle

"The Stolen Eagle" is the first episode of the HBO/BBC historical drama television series, "Rome". It first aired on August 28, 2005 in the United States. The episode starred Ciarán Hinds, Kevin McKidd, Ray Stevenson, and Polly Walker.

Cartoon Network (Central and Eastern Europe)

Cartoon Network Central & Eastern Europe is the Czech-Hungarian-Romanian feed of Cartoon Network. The Cartoon Network broadcasts cartoons and sometimes live action television programs.


Institute for Research on Public Policy

The Institute for Research on Public Policy (IRPP; ) is Canada's oldest non-partisan public policy think tank.

The IRPP seeks to improve public policy in Canada. IRPP supports research and debate.

IRPP was founded in 1972 in Montreal.



Hospitality

Hospitality is about people welcoming other people into their homes or other places where they work or spend their time. People who welcome visitors are called hosts. The people they welcome are called guests.

The word "hospitality" comes from the Latin "hospes", which came from the word "hostis", which originally meant "to have power."

Hospitality is all about the art of entertaining or receiving guests. We talk about "offering hospitality". There are many different ideas about how to offer hospitality according to the various cultures in the world. In the past, many societies taught us, that it is always right to offer hospitality to strangers who came to their door in need of food or shelter. This may seem a strange act to many of us today, but it was an important way to survive in many societies, especially in lands (where people travelled long distances, often far away from large towns).

The words hospital, hospice, and hostel also come from the word "hospitality". They are all about giving personal care to people who are away from their homes.

The hospitality industry is service industry that includes hotel and restaurant workers.

Grand Teton National Park

Grand Teton National Park is a national park in the United States. It is south of Yellowstone National Park. Both of these parks are in Wyoming.

The park's namesake mountain, Grand Teton, is popular for mountain climbing.


Herero and Namaqua genocide

The Herero and Namaqua Genocide is thought to have been the first genocide of the 20th century. It took place between 1904 and 1907 in German South West Africa (today called Namibia), during the scramble for Africa.

On January 12, 1904, the Herero people, led by Samuel Maharero, fought back against German colonial rule. In August, German general Lothar von Trotha defeated the Herero in the Battle of Waterberg and drove them into the desert of Omaheke, where most of them died of thirst. In October, the Nama people also fought against the Germans only to suffer a similar fate.

In total, from 24,000 up to 100,000 Herero and 10,000 Nama died. The genocide was marked by many deaths by starvation and thirst because the Herero who fled the violence were not allowed to go back to the Namib Desert. Some sources also claim that the German colonial army normally poisoned desert wells.

In 1985, the United Nations' Whitaker Report said that the aftermath was an attempt to exterminate the Herero and Nama peoples of South West Africa, and said it was one of the first tries at genocide in the 20th century. The German government said that the genocide happened and said sorry for the events in 2004, but did not give compensation to the victims' relatives.

Stubby Kaye

Stubby Kaye (November 11, 1918 – December 14, 1997) was an American actor and comedian.

Kaye was born Bernard Kotzin in New York City, New York on November 11, 1918. He was raised in Far Rockaway, Queens and in The Bronx.


Taraji P. Henson

Taraji P. Henson (born September 11, 1970) is an actress who has been featured in many movies. She played Shug in the movie "Hustle and Flow". She later played Queenie in "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button". She also played Katherine Johnson in the movie "Hidden Figures".

Henson was born near Washington, D.C..

Bear Grylls

Edward Michael "Bear" Grylls (born 7 June 1974) is an English-Irish adventurer. He has been the Chief Scout since 2009. He climbed Mount Everest when he was 23. He broke the record for the youngest British person to climb the mountain. Grylls has been in many television programmes. 

Grylls was born in London and grew up in Donaghadee, County Down and Bembridge, Isle of Wight. He was educated at Eton College and Birkbeck, University of London.

He served in the S.A.S. and is a Christian.

His wife is Shara Cannings Knight and his parents are the late Conservative MP Sir Michael Grylls and Lady Grylls (she is of Irish origin).

Baek A-yeon

Baek Ah-yeon (Hangul : 백아연, born on March 11, 1993) is a South Korean solo singer-songwriter who debuted under JYP Entertainment. She is known as the third finalist of South Korea's talent show, "K-Pop Star".

A-yeon was born on March 11, 1993. She was one of a popular talent show contestants, "K-Pop Star" which the judges were the "big three" (SM, YG, JYP). She studied at the Department of Practical Music at Howon University.


Huronian glaciation

The Huronian glaciation (or Makganyene glaciation) lasted from 2400 million years ago (mya) to 2100 mya, during the Paleoproterozoic era. 

The glaciation was named after evidence recovered from the Lake Huron region in North America. There, three separate horizons of glacial deposits are separated by non-glacial sediment.

This was one of the most severe and longest ice ages in geologic history. It was similar to the Snowball Earth ice ages that happened later, in the Neoproterozoic era. 

The glaciations were probably triggered by the Great Oxygenation Event (GOE), which removed atmospheric methane (a greenhouse gas), and eventually supplied free oxygen to the atmosphere. The alternate warm and ice age periods was probably caused by a repeating cycle. Cyanobacteria flourished in the warm periods, producing huge amounts of oxygen. The oxygen removed the free methane, and used up carbon dioxide. This caused the temperature to crash. This slowed down the bacteria. So the temperature rose again.

However, it is also possible that there was a 250 million year lull in volcanic activity, resulting in lower carbon dioxide levels and so reduced greenhouse effect.

Gregoria de Jesús

Gregoria de Jesús (9 May 1875 – 15 March 1943) was a Philippine nationalist. She was the second wife of Andres Bonifacio, a Philippine nationalist. She founded Katipunan. She was the first vice president of the Philippine revolutionary government (1896 to 1897).


Emilio Aguinaldo

Emilio Aguinaldo y Famy (: March 22, 1869February 6, 1964) was a Philippine nationalist. He was a leader of the Katipunan, a Philippine independence movement organization. He was President of the Philippine revolutionary government from 1897 to 1901.

Aguinaldo was born in Kawit, Cavite belonging to a very political family. His father, for example, was gobernadorcillo and so was his older brother, Crisopulo. 

Because of political influence within the family, Aguinaldo would later pursue to become "cabeza de barangay" in his hometown of Kawit. He then became "Capitan Municipal".

He joined the Katipunan in 1895 during his service as Capitan Municipal of Kawit. 

After the start of the revolution in Cavite, two revolutionary governments became very influential inside the region. These are the Magdalo leadership and the Magdiwang leadership. The Magdalo leadership was under the guidance of Baldomero Aguinaldo, Aguinaldo's cousin.

Because the two governments dislike each other, Andres Bonifacio, the leader of Katipunan, wanted them to become close friends. During the "Tejeros Convention", a meeting was held to unite two governments. An election was also held so that they will have a president for the new revolutionary government. After the election, Emilio won to become the new leader but was disliked by Andres Bonifacio. According to Daniel Tirona, Aguinaldo was the right leader for the new government because he graduated as a lawyer unlike Bonifacio.


King Moody

Robert "King" Moody (December 6, 1929 - February 7, 2001) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Ronald McDonald in McDonald's commercials from 1969 until his retirement from the role in 1985.

Moody was born Robert Moody in New York City, New York on December 6, 1929.

From the 1970s to the 1980s, he played Ronald McDonald for the McDonald's commercials.

After his retirement in 1985, he was replaced by Squire Fridell.

On February 7, 2001, Moody died at the age of 71.

Mariano Trías

Mariano Trías y Closas (October 12, 1868 – February 22, 1914) was a Philippine politician and resistance activist. He was Vice President in 1897 and Minister of Finance from 1898 to 1899, and Minister for defence of the Philippine revolutionary government (1899)


Francisco Carreón

Francisco Carreón y Marcos (October 5, 1868 – 1939/41) was a Philippine politicians, resistance activist, and member of Katipunan and Republika ng Katagalugan. He was the Vice President of the Philippine revolutionary government from May 6 1902 to July 14 1906.

Mimi Kennedy

Mimi Kennedy (born September 25 1948) is a movie and television program actress. She is especially notable for acting in the situation comedy "Dharma & Greg". She acted in the movie "Erin Brockovich.

Wax tablet

A wax tablet is what the Roman schools used instead of paper. They used a stylus to write with. The wax melted when warm, but was quite smooth when it set. Wax tablets could also be used for messages, but ink on wood was more permanent (see Vindolanda). The Romans also used ink on manuscripts, and could stitch the manuscripts together to make a codex.

The earliest surviving example of a writing tablet dates to the later Bronze Age, 1400 BC. A boxwood writing tablet with an ivory hinge was found in 1986, in the remains of a shipwreck, the Uluburun Shipwreck, near Kaş, Turkey.

Brian George

Brian George (born 1 July 1952) is a Canadian actor. He plays the father of Rajesh Koothrappali on "The Big Bang Theory". Recently, he voiced Alfred Pennyworth in "" (2016).

George was born in Lahore in 1952, moved to London next year and to Canada in 1966.

Bill Dickie

William Rufus Dickie (February 20, 1916 — December 23, 1997) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Chicago Black Hawks in the National Hockey League during the 1941–42 NHL season for one game.


Doug Jackson

Douglas Jackson (December 12, 1924 – April 26, 1980) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender for the Chicago Black Hawks of the National Hockey League during the 1947–48 NHL season and played in six games. From 1944 to 1945, Jackson served with the Canadian Army in World War II.


Jean Marois

Jean Edouard Alfred Joseph Marois (November 5, 1924 – January 3, 1996) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Chicago Black Hawks. He played most of his career career with the Quebec Aces of the Quebec Senior Hockey League.


Marcel Pelletier

Marcel Gerard Pelletier (December 6, 1927 in Drummondville, Quebec – May 13, 2017 in Cherry Hill, New Jersey) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks and the New York Rangers. He played most of his career with the Victoria Cougars of the Western Hockey League.


Missak Manouchian

Missak Manouchian (1 September 1906 – 21 February 1944) was a French-Armenian poet, a militant in the MOI ("Immigrant Workforce Movement") in the Paris region. He was 37 years old when executed by the Nazis for his Résistance work.

Although Manouchian became well known for his leadership in the French Resistance, he was, above all, an intellectual and a talented poet.

Manouchian was posthumously awarded by the Legion of Honor highest order. In 2009 Robert Guédiguian directed a film, "The Army of Crime", dedicated to Manouchian and his group.


Expo Tel Aviv

Expo Tel Aviv (formerly the Israel Trade Fairs and Convention Center () and later the Tel Aviv Convention Center (), although commonly referred to locally as Ganei HaTaarucha ("Exhibition Gardens", ) and also as the Tel Aviv Fairgrounds) is a fairground and convention center in north Tel Aviv. It was first opened in 1932 as "Yarid HaMizrach" located at the site of the Levant Fair at Tel Aviv Port. The fairgrounds were moved to their present location at 101 Rokach Boulevard (near the Yarkon Park and Tel Aviv University) in 1959.

It is also called , meaning: The Fair Gardens. In September 2018, it was rebranded as "EXPO Tel Aviv".

The location hosts up to 2.5 million visitors and has between 45 and 60 major events annually. The fairground has ten halls and pavilions and a large outdoor space including an amusement park.



Kajol

Kajol Devgn (née Mukherjee) (born 5 August 1974), better known as Kajol is an Indian actress who appears in Bollywood films. She has also appeared in two Tamil films. She has received six Filmfare Awards. In 2011, she was awarded the Padma Shri, India's fourth-highest civilian award by the Government of India.

Kajol is half Maharashtrian and half Bengali. She was born to actress Tanuja and film director and producer, Shomu Mukherjee. Her younger sister, Tanisha Mukherjee is also an actress. Her cousins, Rani Mukherjee, Sharbani Mukherjee and Mohnish Behl are also Bollywood actors.

She started her career at the age of seventeen. She started in her first movie in 1992 with the movie "Bekhudi" which failed to do well at the box office although this didn't affect her career. A year later in 1993, she was paired with Shahrukh Khan for the movie "Baazigar" which was a box office hit. Since then, she has done many hit movies which included "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge", "Karan Arjun", "Ishq", "Gupt", "Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya", "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai", "Hum Aapke Dil Mein Rehte Hain", "Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham", "Fanaa", "My Name Is Khan, and Dilwale."

She is married to fellow actor, Ajay Devgn. They have a daughter and a son. 



Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka

The municipality was "Shimizu City" until it merged with Shizuoka in 2005.

Shimizu developed around its good natural harbor. 

In the Edo period, , , and were the 15-18th of the 53 shogunate-maintained waystations ("shuku-eki") along the Tōkaidō road which connected Edo and Kyoto. These four way-stations were in the area of modern Shimizu.

Shimizu is located on the coast of Suruga Bay of the Pacific Ocean. 


Zipper (ride)

The Zipper is an amusement park ride that was invented by Joseph Brown as a part of Chance Rides, Inc.. More than 200 Zipper units since the ride's beginning in 1968.

Caroll Spinney

Caroll Edwin Spinney (December 26, 1933 – December 8, 2019) was an American puppeteer, songwriter, radio host, and speaker. He was known for playing Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch on "Sesame Street".

He announced his retirement from acting in October 2018, with his last performances airing on the show's 50th season special.

He died at his home in Woodstock, Connecticut, on December 8, 2019, at the age of 85. He had dystonia, a neurological disorder, at the time of his death.

Lim Su-kyung

Lim Su-kyung (Hangul: 임수경; Hanja: 林秀卿; born 6 November, 1968) is a South Korean politician.


Quinton Flynn

Quinton Joseph Flynn (born October 10, 1964) is an American voice actor. Who has done many various voice roles in television shows, anime, films and video games.

He is most notable for providing the English voices of video game characters. Right now, he is the new voice of Silver the Hedgehog.







George Segal

George Segal, Jr. (February 13, 1934 – March 23, 2021) was an American movie, television, stage, voice actor, comedian, and musician who was known for his roles in; "Retired at 35", "Just Shoot Me!", "Who's Afraid of Virginia the Wolf", "The Quiller Memorandum", "Look Who's Talking", and "Fun with Dick and Jane". Segal won a Golden Globe Award in 1973.

Segal was born on February 13, 1934 in Great Neck, New York and studied at George School, Haverford College, and at Columbia University. 

Segal was married to Marion Segal Freed from 1956 until they divorced in 1981. He later married Linda Rogoff from 1983 until her death in 1996. He was later married to Sonia Schultz Greenbaum 1996 until his death. He had two children with Freed.

Segal died at a hospital in Santa Rosa, California on March 23, 2021 from problems caused by heart surgery, aged 87.


Richard Riehle

Richard Riehle (born May 12, 1948) is an American movie, television, voice, and stage actor who is known for his roles in "", "The Man from Earth", "Treasure Buddies", "Santa Buddies", "Office Space", and "Chillerama".

Riehle was born on May 12, 1948 in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin and studied at the University of Notre Dame and at the University of Minnesota. 

Dick Anthony Williams

Dick Anthony Williams (August 9, 1934 – February 16, 2012) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for his roles in; "Mo' Better Blues", "Blood and Bone", "The Players Club", "Edward Scissorhands", and "The Anderson Tapes". He has won a Drama Desk Award. He was born on August 9, 1934 in Chicago, Illinois. Williams died on February 16, 2012 in his Los Angeles, California from unknown causes, aged 77.


Ben Mendelsohn

Paul Benjamin "Ben" Mendelsohn (born 3 April 1969) is an Australian movie, television, stage and voice actor. He is known for his roles as Andrew "Pope" Cody in "Animal Kingdom", Russell in "Killing Them Softly", John Daggett in "The Dark Knight Rises", Orson Krennic in "Rogue One", King George VI in "Darkest Hour" and as Nolan Sorrento in "Ready Player One".

Mendelsohn was born on 3 April 1969 in Melbourne, Victoria. He was married to Emma Forrest since 2012.

Cheap

Cheap may refer to:

Cheap (ward)

Cheap (meaning market) is a small ward of the City of London. 


Squire Fridell

Squire Fridell (born February 9, 1943) is an American actor, best known for playing Ronald McDonald in the McDonald's commercials after King Moody's retirment.

Fridell was born in Oakland, California on February 9, 1943.

After King Moody's retirement in 1984, Fridell was hired to replace him as Ronald McDonald in McDonald's commercials. He did this until 1991 when he was replaced by Jack Deopke.

Jorge B. Vargas

Jorge B. Vargas (August 24, 1890 – February 22, 1980) was Philippine politician. He was Chairman of Philippine Executive Commission from 1942 to 1943.

In January 30, 1936 he was Executive Secretary of Philippine Presidents Manuel Quezon. December 22, 1941 to January 23, 1942, he was Head of the Civilian Emergency Administration and Mayor of Manila. In 1941 he was appointed to Secretary of National Defense.

He was also the first Filipino member of the International Olympic Committee.

He was one of the charter members of the Boy Scouts of the Philippines in 1936. In 1949 he became the BSP's President and Chief Scout. He was in the position of National President until 1961. He became a member of the World Scout Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1951 to 1957.

Anna Chlumsky

Anna Chlumsky (born December 3, 1980 in Chicago) is an American movie and television actress. She played the character Vada in the 1991 movie "My Girl" and "My Girl 2" in 1994. She got her start in 1989 in the movie "Uncle Buck". She stopped acting for a while but recently worked on the show "Veep" on HBO as Amy Brookheimer.

Ray Bentley

Ray Russell Bentley (born November 25, 1960 in Grand Rapids, Michigan) is a former American football player and current football analyst for ESPN and ESPNU.

Bentley's first three years in professional football were with the Michigan Panthers and Oakland Invaders of the United States Football League. 

He later joined the Buffalo Bills. He played six seasons with the team. He was in their first two Super Bowl years in the 1990s. Bentley's career ended with the Cincinnati Bengals in 1992.

His broadcasting career includes:

 

Tim Ryan (sportscaster)

Tim Ryan (born May 16, 1939 in Canada) is an American sportscaster. He lives in Ketchum, Idaho.

Tim started his career at CFTO as an assistant sports director. While he worked there he called games for the Toronto Marlboros as well as the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Toronto Argonauts home games.

In 1977, Ryan began working at CBS. There Ryan called games for the "NBA on CBS" from 1977–1983, "NFL on CBS" from 1977–1993, "College Football on CBS" from 1996–97, and college basketball from 1982–1998. He also called alpine skiing at the 1992, 1994 and 1998 Olympic Winter Games. From 1978–97, Ryan was a CBS tennis commentator. He called nineteen U.S. Open Tennis Championships.

Ryan was also a lead boxing announcer during the 1970s and 1980s. Some notable fights Ryan called include Muhammad Ali vs. Joe Frazier, Floyd Patterson vs. Oscar Bonavena, Monroe Brooks vs. Bruce Curry, Bernard Hopkins vs. Glen Johnson, and Thomas Hearns vs. Sugar Ray Leonard, 

In 1986, Ryan won the Sam Taub Award for Excellence in Broadcasting Journalism.

In 1998 Ryan began to work for Fox and NBC. He covered NFL games and tennis for Fox and tennis, skiing, equestrian events, and boxing for NBC. From 2004-2006, Ryan called college football and tennis for ESPN.

Ryan worked the 2000 Summer Olympics, 2002 Winter Olympics, 2004 Summer Olympics, 2006 Winter Olympics, 2008 Summer Olympics, and the 2010 Winter Olympics. 


Paul Kennedy

Paul Kennedy is an American sportscaster with Fox Sports Florida. He does play-by-play for games for the Orlando Magic. Kennedy has also called NFL Europe and NFL games for Fox. He currently calls college football games for Fox Sports Net. Kennedy is the host of a show for the Tampa Bay Lightning "Inside the Lightning". He also hosted Prime Time Noles. He also has called college basketball games for FSN. Kennedy was the host of Miami Dolphins Monday Night Magazine and Bucs Diaries featuring head coach Tony Dungy. He also served as the play-by-play voice for the Alabama Crimson Tide football and basketball teams. Kennedy has also been involved in baseball. He was the studio host for The Baseball Network and the Florida Marlins and called select play-by-play for the Marlins.

Dan Miller

Dan Miller (born 1963) is a radio personality who is the voice of the Detroit Lions. He also called Lions preseason games before moving to the radio booth replacing Mark Champion. Miller called regional NFL games for Fox.

Ron Pitts

Ronald Dwayne Pitts (born October 14, 1962) is a retired American football player. After he stopped playing football, he became a sportscaster. Pitts played defensive back for the Buffalo Bills and the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the UCLA Bruins.

Pitts was drafted by the Bills in 1985. After retiring, he has worked as a sportscaster for Fox Sports on its NFL coverage. He has also been the host of "Destroyed in Seconds" and calls college football games for the Pac-12 Network. Pitts started color commentator and sideline reporting before doing play-by-play. He also provided color commentary for ABC College Football. Pitts hosted "Total Access" before NFL Network began using a program called "NFL Total Access". He also hosts "NFL Under the Helmet".


Pam Oliver

Pamela Donielle Oliver (born March 10, 1961) is the lead sideline reporter for the NFL on Fox with Joe Buck and Troy Aikman. She also worked with Dick Stockton and Matt Millen. She also does sideline reporting for NBA playoffs for TNT. She was a reporter for the most popular show on ESPN "SportsCenter."

Noah Webster

Noah Webster, Jr. (October 16, 1758 – May 28, 1843), was the author of a famous American dictionary, a pioneer of spelling, and a political writer and editor. His "Blue-backed Speller" books taught five generations of American children how to spell and read. His dictionary was first published in 1828 as "An American Dictionary of the English Language".

Webster worried that his "Grammatical Institute" might be pirated. He had to seek copyright protection from each state. At last, on May 31, 1790, President George Washington signed the United States’ first general copyright act into law. Later, Webster lobbied for an extended copyright law. He wrote “By this bill the term of copy-right is secured for 28 years, with the right of renewal … for 14 years more. If this should become law, I shall be much benefited.” The new federal copyright law was passed and remained in effect until 1909.

385 'editions' (mostly reprints) in his lifetime; by 1837 15 million copies sold; by 1890 60 million copies sold.





Toots Mondt

Joseph Raymond "Toots" Mondt (January 18, 1894-June 11, 1976) was an American professional wrestler. He co-promoted the World Wide Wrestling Federation (now known as WWE) along with "Grand" McMahon.

Danny Trejo

Daniel "Danny" Trejo (born May 16, 1944) is an American actor. He is known for playing the role of a villain or the anti-hero. Trejo is of Mexican descent. He was born in Los Angeles, California. Trejo is a second cousin of writer-director Robert Rodriguez. He has worked almost all of his movies. These include the "Spy Kids" series (as Isador 'Machete' Cortez), "Desperado (as Navajas)", "Grindhouse as (Machete)" and "From Dusk Till Dawn (as Razor Charlie or Eddie)."

Dinara Sadretdinova

Dinara Rafikovna Sadretdinova (, born June 4, 1976) is a Russian actress and television presenter. She was born in Moscow, Russia.

Sadretdinova studied at The Russian Academy of Theatre Arts, the Moscow Institute of Open Education and the Training Institute of Television and Radio.

Sadretdinova was presenter of the television program " Islam" on the satellite channel "AST " from 1999 to 2001. In 2002, she became the TV presenter of the television program "Muslims" on the Information and entertainment channels. In March 2008, Sadretdinova was the guest of honor at the Al Jazeera International Documentary Film Festival in Qatar. She has been the guest of honor and presenter of the "Kazan International Festival of Muslim Cinema" two times. Sadretdinova has also be a part of the International Media Forum "Interaction in the common interest" in the Republic of Adygea.
In October 2010, she was a part of the All Russian female Islamic Conference "Women will save the world" in the Chechen Republic.
That year, she was listed among the "best 10 female journalists in the Islamic world" and was invited to the International Conference of Women Journalists, held in Iran, where she was awarded the international prize "The Word Zainab".


Bruno Ganz

Bruno Ganz (22 March 1941 – 16 February 2019) was a Swiss actor. He was born in Zurich to an Italian mother and Swiss father. Ganz was best known for playing Adolf Hitler in the 2004 movie "Downfall".

In February 2018, Ganz was diagnosed with small intestine cancer. He died on 16 February 2019 in Au, Wädenswil from the disease, aged 77, a month before his 78th birthday.

Serosa

Serosa (or serous membrane) is a smooth membrane consisting of a thin layer of cells, found on the outer wall of the organs of the abdominal cavity known as the serous cavity. It secretes serous fluid, and a thin connective tissue layer. They secrete a lubricating fluid which reduces friction from muscle movement.

Serosa is not to be confused with , a connective tissue layer which binds together structures rather than reducing friction between them. The serous membrane covering the heart and lining the is called the pericardium, the serous membrane lining the and surrounding the lungs is called the pleura, and that lining the and the viscera is called the .

The portions of the gastrointestinal tract that do not have a serosa include the esophagus, as well as the middle and distal rectum.

January Jones

January Kristen Jones (born January 5, 1978) is an American actress. She is best known for playing the character Betty Draper on the TV series "Mad Men".

Jones was born and raised in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. She is named after January Wayne, a character in Jacqueline Susann's "Once Is Not Enough". She has two sisters – Jacey and Jina.

Jones has had roles in the movies "Anger Management" (2003), "Love Actually," and "". In 2005, she was in "The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada". It was directed by and starred Tommy Lee Jones. In "We Are Marshall" (2006), she played the wife of football coach William "Red" Dawson.

She had the lead female role in the movie "Love's Enduring Promise". Her character falls in love with a man who saves her father's life. She currently acts in the AMC series "Mad Men" as young housewife and mother Betty Draper Francis. She is also known for her role as Cadence Flaherty in the 2003 comedy "American Wedding", the third movie of the "American Pie" series.

Jones was ranked No.82 on the "Maxim" Hot 100 Women of 2002. She appeared on the cover of "The Hot Issue" of British "GQ" magazine in May 2009.

On November 14, 2009, Jones hosted an episode of "Saturday Night Live". She got bad reviews for this performance.

In 2011, she starred alongside Liam Neeson and Diane Kruger in "Unknown", directed by Jaume Collet-Serra. She also played Emma Frost in "".

She said in "Vanity Fair" in 2009 that she has joined Oceana as a celebrity spokesperson. She was working to save endangered sharks. Jones dated singer-songwriter Josh Groban from 2003–06.

Jones gave birth to a son, Xander Dane Jones, on September 13, 2011.

Eir

In Norse mythology, Eir "(«help»,«grace»,«mercy»,«protection»,«calm».)" is a goddess associated with healing.

Tom Conti

Thomas Antonio "Tom" Conti (born November 22, 1941) is an Scottish writer, movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles in; "Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence", "Shirley Valentine", "Rueben, Rueben", "The Tempest", "Saving Grace", "The Dark Knight Rises", "Paddington 2" and "Oppenheimer". Conti has won a Tony Award in 1979. 

Conti was born on 22 November 1941 in Paisley, Scotland to a Scottish mother and Italian father. He studied at Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. Conti has been married to Kara Drummond Wilson since 1967. They have a daughter, comedienne Nina Conti.


Andy Serkis

Andrew Clement "Andy" Serkis (born 20 April 1964) is an English movie, television, stage, voice actor, comedian, movie producer, and writer who is known for his roles in "The Lord of the Rings movie series", "King Kong", "Rise of the Planet of the Apes", and in "The Adventures of Tintin". He has won two Saturn Award in 2002 and in 2011 and a Screen Actors Guild Award in 2003.

Serkis played Alfred Pennyworth in the 2022 crime-thriller movie "The Batman".

Serkis was born on 20 April 1964 in Ruislip, Middlesex, England. He studied at St Benedict's School, Ealing, Lancaster University, and in The County College. Serkis has been married to Lorraine Ashbourne since 2002. They have three children.

Serkis has won 15 top awards for his portrayal of Gollum and his other work in movies, television and stage acting.


Keystone Kops

The Keystone Kops were fictional policemen. They were clumsy and not very well organized. They were in silent comedy movies in the 1910s. The movies were produced by Mack Sennett between 1912 and 1917. Their first movie was "Hoffmeyer's Legacy" in 1912. They became popular from the 1913 short movie "The Bangville Police". 

One of the Keystone Kops movies was "A Thief Catcher", made in 1914. That movie was lost for a long time. In 2010, it was found at an antique sale in Michigan. Charlie Chaplin has a small role in it as a Keystone Kop. Before the movie was found, people didn't know that Charlie Chaplin had played a Keystone Cop.



J. J. Abrams

Jeffrey Jacob Abrams (born June 27, 1966) is an American movie and television director, movie and producer, screenwriter, writer, movie and television actor, and composer. Abrams is known for his movie directing; "Star Trek", "Super 8", "Cloverfield" and "". He is also known for his television directing; "Lost" and "Fringe". He has won an Emmy Award in 2005 and a Saturn Award in 2011.

Abrams was born on June 27, 1966 in New York City, New York and studied at Sarah Lawrence College. Abrams has been married to Katie McGrath since 1996.


Johnny Lewis

Jonathan Kendrick "Johnny" Lewis (October 29, 1983 – September 26, 2012), or Johnny K. Lewis, was an American movie and television actor. He is known for his role as Kip "Half-Sack" Epps in "Sons of Anarchy". Lewis was born on October 29, 1983 in Los Angeles, California. 

On the morning of September 26, 2012, at the age of 28, Lewis was found dead in Los Angeles, California, after falling into the ground. Lewis is suspected of killing an 81 year old woman, his landlady, And his death was ruled an injured fall.

Guarujá

Guarujá is a city in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The city has a population of about 311.000 people.

Geoffrey Bannister

Geoffrey Bannister (born 1946, Manchester, England) was an English-American educator and geographer. He is the fourth president of Hawai'i Pacific University. His goals for the university were to expand the graduate program research as well as building connections with other universities around the world.
Bannister was born in Manchester, England. When he was 10 years old, his family moved to New Zealand. He later moved to Toronto, Canada to get doctorate in geography. He became a U.S. citizen in 1989.

Billy Bob Thornton

Billy Bob Thornton (born August 4, 1955) is an American actor, screenwriter, director, singer and musician. Thornton first became known for his acting on the CBS sitcom "Hearts Afire" and in a number of early 1990s movies. These movies included "On Deadly Ground" and "Tombstone". In the mid-1990s, after writing, directing, and starring in the independent movie "Sling Blade", he won an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. He had many large movie roles after "Sling Blade" 's success. These included 1998's "Armageddon" and "A Simple Plan." During the late 1990s, Thornton began a career as a singer-songwriter. He has released three albums. Thorton was the singer in a blues rock band.

Thornton was born in Hot Springs, Arkansas. He is the son of Virginia Roberta (née Faulkner), a psychic, and William Raymond "Billy Ray" Thornton, a high school history teacher and basketball coach. His father died when Thornton was 18. He has two younger brothers, Jimmy Don and John David. During his childhood, Thornton lived in both Alpine, Arkansas, and Malvern, Arkansas. He was raised a Methodist. Thorton grew up in a large family in a shack. It did not have electricity nor plumbing. Thornton graduated from high school in 1973. He was good high school baseball player. He tried out for the Kansas City Royals, but was let go after an injury.

In the mid 1980s, Thornton moved to Los Angeles to become an actor. At first, Thornton had a hard time becoming an actor. He worked in telemarketing, offshore wind farming, and fast food management while trying to get acting jobs. He also played drums and sang with South African rock band Jack Hammer. While Thornton worked as a waiter for an event, he served movie director and screenwriter Billy Wilder. Wilder is known for movies that include "Double Indemnity" and "Sunset Boulevard". Thornton talked with Wilder, who told Thornton to think about a career as a screenwriter.

Billy Bob's first role was in 1980s "South of Reno". He played a small role as a man in a restaurant. Billy Bob was also in a 1987 episode of Andy Griffith's series "Matlock". Another one of Thornton's early roles was on the CBS sitcom "Hearts Afire" with John Ritter and Markie Post. His role as the villain in the 1992 movie "One False Move" got him noticed by the critics. He also had small roles in the early 1990s movies "Indecent Proposal", "On Deadly Ground", "Bound by Honor", "Grey Knight", and "Tombstone". Thornton did what Wilder told him to do. He wrote, direct and star in the independent movie "Sling Blade". The movie was released in 1996. The movie was an expansion of a short named "Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade". It told the story of Karl Childers, a mentally handicapped man imprisoned for murder. "Sling Blade" was well liked internationally. Thornton's screenplay earned him an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, a Writers Guild of America Award, and an Edgar Award. His acting in the movie earned him an Oscar and Screen Actors Guild nominations for Best Actor.

In 1998, he played the James-Carville-like Richard Jemmons in "Primary Colors". Thornton wrote the movie version of the book "All the Pretty Horses" as a 2000 movie with the same name. The movie starred Matt Damon and Penélope Cruz. After he was forced to cut more than an hour of the movie, he decided to never direct another movie. Also in 2000, an early script he had written was made into "The Gift". It starred Cate Blanchett, Hilary Swank, Keanu Reeves, Katie Holmes, Greg Kinnear, and Giovanni Ribisi. In 2000, he also appeared in Travis Tritt's music video for the song "Modern Day Bonnie and Clyde".

The press usually describe Thorton as a "tattooed, hirsute man's man". He had many large movie roles after "Sling Blade" 's success. These include 1998's "Armageddon" with Ben Affleck and Bruce Willis, "A Simple Plan", "Monster's Ball", "Bandits" and "The Man Who Wasn't There". He played a mall Santa Claus in 2003's "Bad Santa". It was a black comedy that did very good at the box office. The movie made Thornton notable as a leading comic actor. Thornton has said that, after "Bad Santa"'s success, audiences "like to watch [him] play that kind of guy," and "they [casting directors] call [him] up when they need an asshole. It's kinda that simple... you know how narrow the imagination in this business can be." In 2004 he played Davy Crockett in "The Alamo".

He was in the comic movie "School for Scoundrels" in 2006. More recent movies include "The Astronaut Farmer" and the comedy, "Mr. Woodcock". In September 2008, Thornton starred in the action movie "Eagle Eye" with Shia LaBeouf and Michelle Monaghan. Thornton has also said he may want to direct another movie. He may direct a period piece about cave explorer Floyd Collins. The movie would be based on the book "Trapped! The Story of Floyd Collins" by Robert K. Murray and Roger Brucker. Thornton got a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on October 7, 2004.

Thornton has been married five times. Each marriage ended in divorce. He has four children by three women. From 1978 to 1980, he was married to Melissa Lee Gatlin. They have a daughter, Amanda. Thornton married actress Toni Lawrence in 1986. They divorced in 1988. From 1990 to 1992, he was married to actress Cynda Williams. In 1993, Thornton married "Playboy" model Pietra Dawn Cherniak. They have two sons, Harry James and William. The marriage ended in 1997. Cherniak said Thornton abused her.

Thornton was engaged to be married to actress Laura Dern, whom he dated from 1997 to 1999. Instead of marrying Dern, in 2000, he married actress Angelina Jolie. The marriage became known for the couple's strange shows of affection. These were said to include wearing vials of each other's blood around their necks. Thorton later said that the "vials" were actually two small lockets. Each had only a single drop of blood in it. Thornton and Jolie said they were adopting a child from Cambodia in March 2002. Later it was learned that Jolie had adopted the child as a single parent. They separated in June 2002 and divorced the following year.

Since 2003, Thornton has been in a relationship with Connie Angland. They have a daughter, Bella. The family lives in Los Angeles, California. Thornton has said that he likely will not marry again. He has said that he thinks that marriage "doesn't work" for him.

Thornton is the cousin of professional wrestling legends Terry Funk and Dory Funk, Jr.



Anna Kendrick

Anna Cooke Kendrick (born August 9, 1985) is an American actress and singer with a history in theatre and broadway. She has acted in movies such as "Pitch Perfect" and "Twilight". She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 2010.


Patrick Dempsey

Patrick Galen Dempsey (born January 13, 1966) is an American actor. He is best known for his work on the television series "Grey's Anatomy" as Doctor Derek Shepherd. He has won a Screen Actors Guild Award as a cast member of "Grey's Anatomy". He has also been nominated for the Emmy and Golden Globe Awards. He has been in the many movies. These include "", "Valentine's Day", "Sweet Home Alabama", "Brother Bear 2" and "Enchanted".

Hotel Transylvania

Hotel Transylvania is a 2012 American computer-animated Halloween comedy movie. It was produced by Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation. The movie starsAdam Sandler as the voice of Dracula and Selena Gomez as Mavis, Dracula's daughter.

Dracula (voiced by Adam Sandler) is the owner and creator of Hotel Transylvania, a five-star resort where the world's monsters can be safe from humans. Dracula invites some of the most famous monsters, such as Frankenstein (Kevin James) and his wife Eunice (Fran Drescher), Murray the mummy (Cee Lo Green), Wayne and Wanda Werewolf (Steve Buscemi and Molly Shannon), Griffin the Invisible Man (David Spade), Bigfoot, The Blob, and other monsters to celebrate the 118th birthday of his daughter Mavis (voiced by Selena Gomez). When Hotel Transylvania is unexpectedly visited by a human traveler named Jonathan (voiced by Andy Samberg), Dracula must protect Mavis and stop her from falling in love with him before it is too late.


The Shrunken Heads were voiced by Luenell and Jim Wise. Hydra Heads were voiced by Paul Brittain, Craig Kellman, Brian McCann, Jonny Solomon, and Jim Wise.


CeeLo Green

Thomas DeCarlo Callaway (born May 30, 1975), known professionally as CeeLo Green (or Cee Lo Green), is an American singer, songwriter, rapper, record producer, and actor. He performed at the Grammy Awards in 2011. He has made music as a solo artist, and also as a part of the groups Goodie Mob and Gnarls Barkley.

Among Green's solo hits are "Closet Freak" (2002), "I'll Be Around" (2003), produced by Timbaland, and "Fuck You" (2010), co-written and produced by Bruno Mars.

Green became a coach on "The Voice" in 2011.

In "Hotel Transylvania" (2012), Green is the voice of Murray. Green's first Christmas album "Cee Lo's Magic Moment" has been nominated for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album at the 2014 Grammy Awards.

On October 30, 2012, Green was accused of sexual battery.



Pardes

Pardes () is a 1997 Bollywood movie directed by Subhash Ghai. Shahrukh Khan, Amrish Puri, Alok Nath, and newcomers Mahima Chaudhry and Apurva Agnihotri play in the title roles. The movie has music made by Nadeem-Shravan and lyrics written by Anand Bakshi. It was released on 8 August 1997.

Emotionally attached to his motherland, a U.S. immigrant sends his son (Apoorva Agnihotri) back to India to seek a bride.


The music of the movie went on to become a huge success. It was also the second most-sold music album of 1997. 
The movie was hit at the box office.

Kuch Kuch Hota Hai

Kuch Kuch Hota Hai (translation: "Some Things Happens"), also known as KKHH or K2H2, is a 1998 Bollywood movie directed by Karan Johar. The movie has Shahrukh Khan, Kajol, and Rani Mukherji in the main roles while Salman Khan makes a friendly appearance. The movie has music done by Jatin Lalit while the lyrics are written by Sameer.

After reading the letter her mother had written for her before she died, Anjali decides to bring together her widowed father, Rahul, with his true love who is also named Anjali.


The music of the movie became very popular most-soldhe most sold music album of 1998.

The movie won many awards at the award functions. 
 * Nominated:Best Male Playback Singer - Kumar Sanu - "Ladki Badi Anjaani Hai"

"Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" became an all-time blockbuster at the box office.

Winghead shark

The winghead shark ("Eusphyra blochii") is a species of Hammerhead shark. This shark gets its name from the wide lobes on its head. It is the only member in the genus "Eusphyra". It is a small and harmless species, and is fished throughout its range.

Like all other Hammerhead sharks, the winghead shark has a "hammer" on its head known as the "cephalofoil". The winghead shark's cephalofoil is very long and thin, making it different from other Hammerhead sharks. The width of its cephalofoil is 40 to 50% of the body length. The cephalofoil is arrow-shaped from above, and has small bumps in front of the nostrils. Unlike other Hammerhead sharks the nostrils are closer to the centre of the cephalofoil than the ends. The winghead shark is normally grey, greyish-brown or light brown in colour. It is a small shark, usually growing up to the length of 130 cm (51 inches), but the longest ever found was 186 cm (73 in) long.

The winghead shark is found in shallow waters on the continental shelves of the Western Indo-Pacific, from the Persian Gulf to the Philippines, north to China and Taiwan, and south to Queensland and the Northern Territory of Australia. The winghead shark sometimes enters the brackish water of estuaries.

The winghead shark feeds on bony fish, crustaceans, and cephalopods like squid, octopus and cuttlefish.

Like most other Hammerhead sharks, the winghead shark is viviparous. Near Bombay winghead shark's mating season takes place during June and August, and females are pregnant for around 8 to 11 months before giving birth to their young during April and May. Near Australia, females are pregnant for 10 to 11 months before giving birth to their young in February and March. Females give birth to 6-25 pups every year, with the young measuring 32–45 cm (13-18 in) long. winghead shark mature when they are around 110 cm long.


Creme Puff

Creme Puff (August 3, 1967 – August 10, 2005) was a female cat from the United States. She was 38 years old at the time of her death, making her the oldest cat in the world at the time. She was the oldest cat ever recorded, according to the 2010 edition of "Guinness World Records".


Università degli Studi Niccolò Cusano

Università degli Studi Niccolò Cusano () is a private university in Rome, Italy. It was started on May 10, 2006, founded by Stefano Bandecchi.

The university has 6 specialized schools.

The degree courses are delivered in English also.



Sinbad (comedian)

David Adkins (born November 10, 1956), better known as Sinbad, is an American stand-up comedian, actor, rapper, and voice artist.

Ani DiFranco

Ani DiFranco (born September 23, 1970) is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter. She has had over 20 albums. Her songs are usually about feminism and political issues. Although DiFranco's music has been classified as both folk rock and alternative rock, she has created songs in many different music genres since her earliest albums. Her albums have used first punk, then funk, hip hop, and jazz influences. She was one of the first independent musicians to create her own record label (Righteous Babe). By creating her own record label, this has given her significant creative freedom. In 2012 DiFranco released her seventeenth album, "¿Which Side Are You On?".

DiFranco was born in New York. She started doing classes at Buffalo State College when she was 16. DiFranco is bisexual. She lives in New Orleans with her husband.

DiFranco has made two albums with Utah Phillips. DiFranco released her first album in 1990. After this she released a new album every year until 1997 when she did not release an album. In 1999 DiFranco released two albums. DiFranco has released three EPs.

In 2013, people wrote posts on Twitter, Tumblr, etc., criticizing DiFranco after she said that she was going to hold a Righteous Retreat at Nottoway Plantation. On December 29, 2013 DiFranco cancelled the event.


Chuck Thompson

Charles L. "Chuck" Thompson (June 10, 1921–March 6, 2005) was an American sportscaster. He is best known for his broadcasts of Major League Baseball's Baltimore Orioles and the National Football League's Baltimore Colts.

In January 2009, the American Sportscasters Association ranked Thompson 34th on its list of Top 50 Sportscasters of All Time.

His other jobs besides the Orioles include these:

 

Van Patrick

Van Patrick (August 15, 1916 – September 29, 1974) was an American sportscaster. He is best known for his play-by-play work with the Detroit Lions and Detroit Tigers. Patrick called Lions games from 1950 until his death in 1974

In addition he called play-by-play for the Cleveland Indians and MLB on Mutual. For football he called play-by-play for the NFL on Mutual and Notre Dame Fighting Irish football. He also called boxing for Mutual Radio.

Ray Scott

Ray Scott (June 17, 1919 in Johnstown, Pennsylvania – March 23, 1998 in Minneapolis, Minnesota), was an American sportscaster. He is best known for his broadcasts for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League. His brother Hal Scott was also a sportscaster.

Scott broadcast Super Bowl I and II for CBS.

Scott was also the lead television and radio announcer for Major League Baseball's Minnesota Twins. This was from 1961 to 1966. He called the 1965 World Series. After leaving Minnesota he called games for the Washington Senators in 1970–71. He returned to the Twins part-time from 1973–75. Scott also called Milwaukee Brewers telecasts in 1976–77.

Scott also called UCLA, Arizona, Minnesota, and Nebraska football in the '80s. He called college basketball and golf at different times in his career.

Scott was twice named National Sportscaster of the Year by the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association. He was given regional awards by that organization 12 times in four different states. He was inducted into its Hall of Fame in 1982. Posthumous honors include the Pete Rozelle Radio-Television Award by the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2000. He was also inducted into the Green Bay Packers Hall of Fame in July 2001. 

 

Chris Schenkel

Christopher Eugene "Chris" Schenkel (August 21, 1923 – September 11, 2005) was an American sportscaster. 

In 1947, he called the first American football game ever broadcast on television. It was a Harvard-Army game. In 1952 he began calling New York Giants games. In 1956, he began to also call boxing, the Triple Crown horse racing, and The Masters golf tournament, and other events. Along with Chuck Thompson, Schenkel called the 1958 NFL Championship Game. 

ABC Sports hired Schenkel in 1965. There he broadcast college football, Major League Baseball, NBA basketball, golf and tennis tournaments, boxing, auto racing, and the Summer and Winter Olympic Games. He also had a long-term assignment covering professional bowling, mainly for the Professional Bowlers Association.

Schenkel was named National Sportscaster of the Year four times. In 1992 he received a lifetime achievement Emmy. Also in 1992, the Pro Football Hall of Fame gave Schenkel its Pete Rozelle Radio-Television Award. In 1999, he received the Jim Thorpe Lifetime Achievement Award.

In 1999, the Professional Bowlers Association named the Player of the Year award after Schenkel.

 

Byrum Saam

Byrum Fred "By" Saam, Jr. (September 11, 1914 – January 16, 2000) was an American sportscaster. His main focus in his career was announcing baseball and football games in Philadelphia. His play-by-play jobs include the following:

Jack Whitaker

Jack Whitaker (May 18, 1924 – August 18, 2019) was a retired sportscaster.

He called play-by-play for NFL on CBS, PGA Tour on CBS, NPSL on CBS, NASL on CBS, and Major League Baseball on CBS. His hosting duties at CBS include Thoroughbred Racing, CBS Sports Saturday, and "The NFL Today" as well as a sideline reporter for the Super Bowl. He was also a game show host. He hosted "The Face Is Familiar". Then he moved to ABC Sports. 

He was a sports reporter for World News Tonight, a sideline reporter for ABC's coverage of the Super Bowl, and worked on Olympics on ABC.

Bob Wolff

Robert Alfred "Bob" Wolff (November 29, 1920 – July 15, 2017) was a longtime sportscaster who has called football, baseball, basketball, and ice hockey.

Wolff was born in New York City. He studied at Duke University. From 1945 until his death, Wolff was married to Jane Hoy. They had three children including author and baseball player Rick Wolff.

He has called NFL, college football, NBA, college basketball, MLB, and NHL. Wolff has called games for the Cleveland Browns, Washington Redskins, and Baltimore Colts and college football for MSG Network. He called basketball games for NBC, New York Knicks, Detroit Pistons, and college basketball for MSG Network.

Wolff called games for Mutual, ABC, NBC, NBC Radio, Washington Senators, and Minnesota Twins. He called games for the New York Rangers for many years.

Wolff called games for the old Tamp Bay Rowdies, boxing, gymnastics, bowling, track-and-field, and tennis tournaments.

Wolff died on July 15, 2017 at his home in South Nyack, New York at the age of 96.


Ken Coleman

Ken Coleman (April 22, 1925 - August 21, 2003) was an American sportscaster. He was a play-by-play announcer for telecasts for the Cleveland Indians and the Cleveland Browns. He also called NFL and Major League Baseball games for NBC as well as college football games. He was the voice of the Boston Red Sox and Cincinnati Reds. Coleman as called Major League Baseball games for ABC and NFL games for Sports Network Incorporation.

Lindsey Nelson

Lindsey Nelson (May 25, 1919 – June 10, 1995) was a sportscaster who was best calling play-by-play for the New York Mets. Other play-by-play announcing besides the Mets include the following:
The Tennessee Volunteers baseball stadium is named after Nelson.

Jack Drees

Jack Drees (1917–1988) was sportscaster. His jobs include these:

Jack Buck

John Francis "Jack" Buck (August 21, 1924 – June 18, 2002) was a sportscaster. He was the father of Joe Buck and the brother of another late sportscaster Bob Buck. Buck was best known for working with the St. Louis Cardinals. His other play-by-play jobs include these:

Bill Campbell

Bill Campbell (September 27, 1923 – October 6, 2014) was an American sportscaster in the Philadelphia area calling games for the Philadelphia Eagles, Philadelphia Phillies, Philadelphia Warriors, Philadelphia 76ers, and college football.

James Brown (sportscaster)

James Brown (born February 25, 1951) is an African-American sportscaster and the current host of "The NFL Today". His other jobs include these:

Tribune, Kansas

Tribune is a city in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is the county seat of Greeley County. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 772.

The town was founded in 1886. It became the county seat one year later in 1887.
The city has 3 schools in total: 1 Elementary, 1 Middle, and 1 High School.

Greg Gumbel

Greg Gumbel (born May 3, 1946) is an African-American sportscaster with CBS Sports. Gumbel was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. His brother is Bryant Gumbel.

His jobs include these:

Michael O'Hare

Robert Michael O'Hare, Jr. (May 6, 1952 – September 28, 2012) was an American movie, stage, and television actor. He was known for his role as Jeffrey Sinclair on the television series "Babylon 5". 

O'Hare was born on May 6, 1952 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at the Juillard School and at Harvard Universty. O'Hare died on September 28, 2012 from a heart attack at age 60.


Michael Rye

Michael Rye (John Michael "Mike" Riorden Billsbury March 2, 1918 – September 21, 2012) or Rye Billsbury was an American movie, stage, radio, video game, television, and voice actor who has voiced over 100 characters. He is mostly known for his role as the Apache Chief and as the Green Lantern in "The All New Super Friends Hour".

Rye was born on March 2, 1918 in Chicago, Illinois. Rye has been married to Patricia Rye. Rye died on September 21, 2012 from short illness in his Los Angeles, California home, aged 94

J. Michael Straczynski

Joseph Michael Straczynski (born July 17, 1954) is an American comic book writer, author, journalist, and television producer. He is known for creating the television series "Babylon 5". 

Straczynski was born on July 17, 1954 in Paterson, New Jersey and studied at San Diego State University. He was married to Kathryn M. Drennan from 1983 until they divorced in 2008.


John Coates (producer)

John Coates (7 November 1927 – 16 September 2012) was an English movie producer who is best known for producing the animated movie "The Snowman".

Coates was born in 1927 in England. Coates died on 16 September 2012 in his home in Kent, England from cancer, aged 84.

Carlos Reichenbach

Carlos Oscar Reichenbach Son (14 June 1945 – 14 June 2012) was a Brazilian filmmaker who is known for his movies such as; "Dream of Life", "Forbidden Paradise", "City Life", and "Look and Feel". 

Reichenbach was born on June 14, 1945 in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, but was raised in São Paulo, Brazil. Reichenbach studied at the School of Cinema São Luiz. Reichenbach died on his 67th birthday June 14, 1945 from heart failure in São Paulo, Brazil, aged 67.

Michael Peña

Michael Anthony Peña (born January 13, 1976) is an American movie, television actor and musician. He is best known for his roles in movies such as "Crash", "World Trade Center", "Shooter", "Observe and Report", "30 Minutes or Less", "Tower Heist", "End of Watch" and "A Wrinkle in Time". 

Peña was born on January 13, 1976 in Chicago, Illinois. He grew up in the Chicago areas of North Lawndale and in Chicago Lawn. He is married to Brie Shaffer. They have a son, Roman.

 

Scalloped hammerhead

The scalloped hammerhead ("Sphyrna lewini"), also known as the bronze hammerhead, the kidney-headed hammerhead, or the southern hammerhead, is a species of hammerhead shark. It was first known as "zygaena lewini", but is now known as "Sphyrna lewini". The word "Sphyrna" is a Greek word meaning "hammer", which refers to the "hammer" or "cephalofoil" on its head.

It is . It is found in warm temperate and tropical coastal waters all around the world, between latitudes 46° N and 36° S. It is the most common Hammerhead shark.

Like all other hammerhead sharks, the scalloped hammerhead has a "hammer", which is known as the "cephalofoil", on its head. The shark's eyes and nostrils are placed on the ends of the cephalofoil. Scalloped hammerheads usually grow to the length of 1.5 to 2.7 meters long, but the longest found was 4.3 meters long. The heaviest ever found weighed 150 kilograms. They are usually olive, bronze, light brown, grey-brown or even silver-grey in colour with a white belly. The edges of the fins are usually darker on the young, but as they grow older they become more lighter.

The scalloped hammerhead was first known as "Zygaena lewini". It was renamed "Sphyrna lewini" in 1834. It has also been known as "Cestracion leeuwenii" in 1865, "Zygaena erythraea" in 1871, "Cestracion oceanica" in 1913, and "Sphyrna diplana" in 1941. The word "Sphyrna" is a Greek word meaning "hammer". It refers to the shape of the shark's head.

The scalloped hammerhead is a coastal pelagic species. It is found in continental and insular shelves, and in nearby deeper water. It is found in warm temperate and tropical coastal waters all around the world, between latitudes 46° north and 36° south. It can be found down to depths of over 500 metres (1,600 ft) but is mostly found above 25 metres (82 ft).

During the daytime, they are usually found close to shore. At night, they hunt further from the shore. Adults are usually found alone, in pairs or in small groups, The young are found in larger groups of up to one hundred or even more members. Although scalloped hammerheads are said to be harmless towards humans, there has been reports of attacks from this shark. These attacks could be caused from the great hammerhead shark.

Scalloped hammerheads feed on fish such as sardines, mackerel, and herring. They sometimes eat cephalopods like octopuses and squids. They have also been known to eat other smaller species of sharks like the Blacktip reef shark, "Carcharhinus melanopterus", and the Atlantic sharpnose shark, "(Rhizoprionodon terraenovae)".

Scalloped hammerheads are viviparous. Females are pregnant for 9 to 10 months before giving birth to 15 to 30 pups. Young ones grow slowly compared to other sharks. They also have darker fins than adults.

In 2008, the scalloped hammerhead was placed on the "globally endangered" list. Research has shown that in some parts of the Atlantic Ocean, populations have decreased by 95% in the last 30 years. The reason for this is because of over-fishing for shark fins. Their fins are made into shark fin soup. Researchers are calling for a ban on Shark finning, which is when the fin's of sharks are cut off and the rest of the animal is thrown back into the water to die. Hammerhead sharks are the most commonly caught sharks for finning.


Shu

Shu may refer to:

SHU may be an acronym for:


Martin Freeman

Martin John Christopher Freeman (born 8 September 1971) is an English actor. His most famous roles include Tim Canterbury in "The Office", John in "Love Actually", Arthur Dent in the film adaptation of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy", Dr. Watson in "Sherlock", and Paul Maddens in "Nativity!" He played the role of Bilbo Baggins in Peter Jackson's three-part adaptation of "The Hobbit".

Freeman was born in Aldershot, Hampshire. He went to Salesian School.

Hyder Ali

Hyder Ali (, , "Haidarālī"; , "Haidar Alī"; c. 1720 – 7 December 1782, 2 Muharram 1197 in the Islamic calendar) was the "de facto" ruler of the Kingdom of Mysore in southern India. Born Hyder Naik, he distinguished himself militarily, eventually drawing the attention of Mysore's rulers. Rising to the post of "dalwai", or commander-in-chief to Krishnaraja Wodeyar II, he came to dominate the titular monarch and the Mysore government, and eventually seized control of all of the reins of power. He expanded the kingdom's borders at the expense of the Maratha Empire and Nizam of Hyderabad (among others), and was one of the few local rulers to effectively blunt the military advances of the British East India Company during two wars. In the First and Second Anglo-Mysore Wars he came within striking distance of the British outpost at Madras. He was given a number of honorific titles, and was referred to as Sultan Hyder Ali Khan or Hyder Ali Sahib.

Hyder's rule of Mysore was characterised by frequent warfare with his neighbours and rebellion within his territories. This was not unusual for the time, as much of the Indian subcontinent was then in turmoil, with the Hindu Maratha Empire struggling with the remnants of the Islamic Mughal Empire. He was a shrewd leader, and left his son Tipu Sultan a kingdom that was significantly larger than when he first took it over. He organised his military in part along European lines, and was a pioneer in the military use of rocket artillery. He had at least two wives, and fathered at least three children.

Kazan International Festival of Muslim Cinema

The Kazan International Festival of Muslim Cinema (KIFMC) was created in 2005. It takes place at the beginning of September in the town of Kazan, Russia. It is an annual forum of cinematographers, and a place of regular meetings and an exchange of experience, of further cooperation, between moviemakers of Russia, Muslim countries and the entire world. Not only Muslims can take part, but also representatives of other faiths creating movies, popularizing universal spiritually-moral and cultural traditions.

In the first, it was supposed to be a mobile festival between Muslim regions in Russia and other states of the Muslim world. The city of Kazan was chosen because it is the biggest Islamic city in the northern hemisphere.

Nevertheless, after the phenomenal success and wide popularity in the whole world, and especially in the countries of the Islamic world, President of the Republic Tatarstan insisted that KIFMC should be the Culture Brand of the capital of the Republic "Kazan" which became the permanent residence for the festival, and City name has been added to the name of the festival.

The founders of Kazan International Festival of Muslim Cinema (KIFMC) are:

The festival is held under the support and the supervision of:

The program of the Festival will include:

Entry applications for the Kazan International Festival of Muslim Cinema should reach the General Management of Festival not later than June 30, 2013.


Only movies produced after January 1, 2011 will be accepted for the Competition programs, preference in Competition programs is given to the world and International premieres.
Not less than:
Will participate in the Main Competition of the Kazan International Festival of Muslim Cinema.


All conditions and mentioned dates are obligatory otherwise the Management of the 8th Kazan International Festival of Muslim Cinema, has the right to exclude the movie from the Festival program.


Richard Mulligan

Richard Mulligan (November 13, 1932 – September 26, 2000) was an American television program and movie actor who starred primarily in sitcoms. He was especially notable for his role as Dr. Harry Weston in the TV sitcom "The Golden Girls" and the 1970s sitcom "Soap". Mulligan was born in New York City.

He died due to colorectal cancer on September 26, 2000 in Los Angeles, California, aged 67.


The Mansion of Happiness

The Mansion of Happiness is a 19th-century board game for children. It was designed by clergyman's daughter and children's author Anne Abbott. The game was published by W. & S. B. Ives in 1843. Parker Brothers republished the game in 1894. The firm claimed the game was the first board game published in America, but this claim is disputed. It was however the first mass-produced board game in America.

The game is didacticit is both entertaining and instructive. The theme of the game is Christian virtue. Players race about a track of 66 spaces. "The Mansion of Happiness" (Heaven, the center space) is their goal. Landing on a space marked with a vice (such as dishonesty) will send the player back several spaces and away from the goal. Spaces marked with virtues (such as honesty) send players forward and closer to the goal. The winner is the player who reaches the center space first.

Like many Christian-themed games of the middle 19th-century, "The Mansion of Happiness" lost some of its popularity in the last decades of the 19th century. It was then that games with secular and materialistic themes such as Milton Bradley's "The Checkered Game of Life" rose in demand. In literature, "The Mansion of Happiness" is mentioned in the boys' book "Shifting for Himself; or, Gilbert Greyson's Fortunes" (1876) by Horatio Alger, Jr. In this story, the title hero plays the game with friends Laura and Fred Vivian to while away the evening hours. In 2012 the game board was available on-line in a color reprint of the original. 


Hamish Linklater

Hamish Linklater (born July 7, 1976) is an American actor and comedian, best known for playing Matthew in "The New Adventures of Old Christine".

Linklater was born and raised in Great Barrington, Massachusetts on July 7, 1976, to Scottish Kristin Linklater, Professor of Theatre and Chair of the Acting Division at Columbia University and a renowned teacher of vocal technique, and Jim Cormeny.


List of cities in Qatar

This is a list of cities and towns in Qatar. Over 90 percent of Qatari citizens live in Doha, the capital. 


List of settlements in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

This is a list of cities, towns and villages in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines:


List of settlements in Samoa

Main townships in Samoa:

This is a list of villages in Samoa:

List of settlements in Saudi Arabia

This is a list of cities and towns in Saudi Arabia. 


The Big Bopper

Jiles Perry "J. P." Richardson, Jr. (October 24, 1930 – February 3, 1959) also commonly known as The Big Bopper, was an American disc jockey, singer, and songwriter whose big voice and exuberant personality made him an early rock and roll star. He is best known for his recording of "Chantilly Lace".

The Big Bopper died on 3 February 1959 in the same plane crash that killed fellow musicians Buddy Holly and Ritchie Valens.He was 28 years old.

Buddy Hackett

Buddy Hackett (born Leonard Hacker on August 31, 1924 – June 30, 2003) was an American actor and comedian. He appeared in "Paulie" (1998) as Artie.

Hackett was born Leonard Hacker in Brooklyn, New York City, New York on August 31, 1924, the son of a Jewish upholsterer.


Josenid

Josenid (born December 3, 1998; Panama), is a child-genre singer from Panama. Josenid started singing when she was 9, while she was participating in a contest called "Canta Conmigo" in Panama. Josenid placed 3rd. After the festival Josenid collaborated with Makano and she recorded the song "Su Nombre en mi Cuaderno" (Your Name In My Notebook), and her first single "Amor de colegio" (grade school Love) in 2010. Josenid after her song I love college 4 more songs and Josen said to be ready to create some more songs.


Ángel Maria Herrera

Ángel Maria Herrera (born December 3, 1859 - May 2, 1948), was an Panamanian educator.
Received her teaching degree in 1884 at the École Normale de Institutores and that same year was appointed Académico de the Boys' School of Saints, and a year later was reappointed Chief Academic School for Boys of St. Anne in Panama. He was the son of Don Braulio Herrera and Doña Luisa Tuñón. Herrera was named Preceptor in Penonome. A year later it was 1897 he was Director of the School of the College of the Isthmus. For several years he was inspector of public instruction in the province of Colon and Cocle province. In the District of Penonomé school there with your name. A few years ago the school suffered a serious fire in which spent $ 40,000 in losses..

Mia Novoa

Mia Novoa is a character in the television series "Grachi", is interpreted by actress, model and singer Venezuelan Maria Gabriela de Faria. It is a new witch who studies in Escolarium, it is very bad and selfish and will do anything to be her boyfriend Daniel and destroy Grachi. His first appearance was in the last episode of the first season Grachi where a flower Grachi damage had created and Escolarium breaking a glass with magic, her eyes showed very strong orange color meant hatred and evil. She also has a birthmark shaped chandelier.

Mia is very selfish, brilliant and intelligent, magically solve everything that she thinks all witches should use their powers to have fun and make everything easier. She does not throw his spells as Grachi and Matilda, they throw it with your finger and see a glimmer, she appears purple smoke by closing his hand and leaving two fingers up being the index and the middle but when Athena Grachi launched the spell of forgetfulness she was in another world and knew nothing of magic but when Matilda, will not affect the spell, she said she is a witch spells all made with the finger.

In the first episode of the 2nd season was his second appearance in Grachi, the program begins where she is in her room that is purple, she gets up from her bed, using her magic dress and placed his shoes one at a time with magic and then comes his older brother Ignacio "Nacho" who knows nothing of magic, and says that breakfast is ready and to order her room, her room was so messy so I use magic and then comes back Nacho he said he was going to help but she says it is not necessary because it's over. Then decided to stroll Enchanted City (home), and meets Lucia Grachi and makes a spell to hear what they were talking and listening Grachi Lucia told him not to worry of evil witches because she is the Chosen (the most powerful witch, but no more than the tip), then wanted to go to the mall and opposite Grachi to pull conjures up a shelf full of many things but just then Grachi lifts, Mia showed making powers all the perfumes that she wanted to appear in her purse and commercial security came and told him to give the bag to check, but Mia threw a spell that made everything she would give it to him without to pay. In the last episode of the 2nd season she, Leo and Athena were becoming a wedding caeos Ursula and Francisco. In the end they are losing, Leo dies electrocuted, Athena was taken to prison for Ivis and Priscilla, as she and Matilda Grachi memory erased.


Maria Gabriela de Faria

Maria Gabriela de Faria Chacón (born September 11, 1992 in Caracas, Venezuela) is an award-winning Venezuelan actress and singer. She got international fame as Isabela "Isa" Pasquali in the Nickelodeon series "Isa TKM".

Across Latin America and the US Hispanic population, the teen telenovela, with Maria in the lead role, became Nick’s #1 Spanish language program in over 20 countries. It also had a sold-out live tour and two numbet one albums. The series had many adolescent fans. These were described by the Los Angeles Times as "Isa-Mania". She was also dating her TV love interest in real-life, Reinaldo Zavarce. This brought them more attention from the international media as well as the covers of teen magazines across Latin America.

Maria can currently be seen in Season Two of Nickelodeon’s series Grachi in the role of Mia Novoa.

María Gabriela de Faria began her career acting in the Venezuelan telenovela "Ser Bonita No Basta", the teen drama "Túkiti, Crecí de Una", a production of RCTV in which she played the heroine Wendy, and the soap opera "Toda Una Dama" (also with Reinaldo Zavarce. In 2007 she was a co-host of the children's program "La Merienda" from RCTV. She has also a featured in various TV campaigns across Latin America.



Reinaldo Zavarce

Reinaldo Zavarce (born June 8, 1988 in Caracas, Venezuela) is an award-winning Venezuelan actor and singer. He started acting in the Venezuelan RCTV telenovelas "", "Te Tengo en Salsa", "Amantes", and "Toda una dama". His film credits include the popular romantic comedy "Dia Naranja". He is probably best known for his role as Alex in the Nickelodeon Latin America /Sony Pictures Television teen drama series "Isa TKM" and "Isa TK+".

The show is often called the “Latin American High School Musical”. It became popular with teens across the Americas (US included due to its airing on MTV's Spanish language channel MTV Tr3s). It became a #1 hit in its demographic in over 23 countries its first season. The Los Angeles Times called the interest in the show and its cast members “Isa-mania”. In 2008 Reinaldo was awarded “Actor of the Year” at Nickelodeon Brazil’s “Meus Premios Nick” Awards. He got the same award in 2010 at the Kids Choice Awards Mexico. That Zavarce’s real-life girlfriend was (and is) his co-star made people even more interested in Reinaldo. It has kept them both on the covers of some of the biggest magazines across Latin America and Brazil.

Zavarce has also been featured in Nickelodeon's highly successful "Julie e os Fantasmas" series (2012).
He hosted the Nickelodeon Latin America and Brazil coverage of the 2012 US Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards with Will Smith. He used a mix of English, Spanish and Portuguese languages (he is fluent in all three).

Makano

Hernán Enrique Jiménez Pino (born May 7, 1983) is a Panamanian singer. He is better known by his stage name Makano. Makano in Panama means "strong like a tree". At the age of 12, Jiménez was part of a reggaeton group called "Los Makanos". The members of the group made a promise that the first of them to record a full disc would carry on the group's name.

When he was 16, Jiménez was writing quality music. His father discouraged him from music, saying he needed to get a real job. After several years of trying, Jimenez appeared on the CD "La Alianza" in 2004. Afterward, he was given the chance to record several songs which later became number one hits in Panama. In 2007, Jimenez signed with Panama Music. He recorded his first album as a solo singer, "Te Amo", which features the songs "Yo Quisiera Vivir", "Te Va a Doler", "Te Amo" and "Déjame Entrar".




Sound of...

Sound of... is a yearly BBC poll of music critics and industry figures. The people polled say who they think is the most promising new music talent. It was first done by the BBC News website in 2003. It is now widely covered by the corporation's online, radio and TV outlets, as well as other media. A longlist of 15 artists is published each December. A ranked shortlist and the yearly winner is announced the following January.

Daisen, Akita

The National Agricultural Research Center for Tohoku Region (NARCT) is in Daisen.


Katagami, Akita

In 2005, the city was created by the merger of the towns of Tennō, Iitagawa and Shōwa.


List of cities in Senegal

This is a list of cities in Senegal. It includes all cities with an estimated population of over 10,000 people.


Mokele-mbembe

Mokèlé-mbèmbé, meaning "one who stops the flow of rivers" in the Lingala language is a legendary water-dwelling creature of Congo River basin folklore, sometimes described as living creature, sometimes as a spirit, and loosely analogous to the Loch Ness Monster in Western culture. It is claimed to be a sauropod by some cryptozoologists.

Expeditions mounted in the hope of finding evidence of the Mokèlé-mbèmbé have failed, and the subject has been covered in a number of books and by a number of television documentaries.

Smalleye hammerhead

The smalleye hammerhead ("Sphyrna tudes"), also known as the "golden hammerhead" or the "curry shark", is a small species in the hammerhead shark group, and is found in the shallow coastal waters of the western Atlantic Ocean from Venezuela to Uruguay. It likes to live in muddy habitats. Like all other hammerhead sharks, the smalleye hammerhead shark has a "hammer" (also known as the "cephalofoil") on its head.

The smalleye hammerhead shark is a small member of the hammerhead shark group, reaching up to the length of 1.5 meters (4.9 ft) long, but ones which are 1.2-1.3 meters (3.9-4.3 ft) long are more common. They weigh around 9 kg. The cephalofoil is wide and long, measuring up to 28-32% of the body length. The eyes, which are placed at the ends of the cephalofoil, are smaller than the eyes of other hammerhead sharks and have a third eyelid. The nostrils are placed inside the eyes.

Young smalleye hammerhead sharks are grey on the top and are white below. When they reach the length of 45 cm (18 in) their undersides start turning yellow, which turns to orange when they are 50 cm (20 in) long. The golden colour then comes when they are 55–70 cm (22–28 in) long, but fades when they become mature.

The smalleye hammerhead shark is found along the eastern coast of South America, from Uruguay to Venezuela, but it is sometimes found further west than the Orinoco Delta southeast of Trinidad. They have been unconfirmed reports of this shark being found off Panama, Mexico, and western Florida. It is the most common shark of where it lives. The smalleye hammerhead shark also is found in inshore murky waters which are 5–40 meters (16–130 ft) deep. Newborns and young ones which are under 40 cm (16 in) long, are found in the shallowest waters, and move deeper as they grow older. Adult females are mostly found in water which is 9–18 meters (30–59 ft) deep, while adult males are mostly found at the depths of 27–36 meters (89–118 ft).

There are four other species of hammerhead sharks which live in the same area as the smalleye hammerhead shark lives: the scoophead, the bonnethead, the great hammerhead shark and the scalloped hammerhead shark. There is little competition between these sharks because of their different habitats and eating. Adult males and young ones of both genders come together and form groups, although these groups to not seem to be made for reproduction or migration. Adult females seem to live alone.

Young smalleye hammerhead sharks which are under the length of 67 cm (26 inches) feed mostly on penaeid shrimp, while larger ones feed mainly on bony fish, especially ariid sea catfish and their eggs. The shrimp and the surface mucus layer and eggs of the catfish contain carotenoid pigments which seem to cause the golden colour of the shark. Another shark which lives in the same area as the smalleye hammerhead shark, the Yellow smooth-hound ("Mustelus higmani"), also feeds on shrimp and has a yellowish colour on it, but it is not as bright as the colour on the smalleye hammerhead shark. The smalleye hammerhead shark is also known to eat swimming crabs, squid, and newborn scalloped hammerhead sharks.

The smalleye hammerhead shark has been known to be eaten by larger sharks such as the bull shark ("Carcharhinus leucas"), and sometimes it has been eaten by bony fishes.

Like most other hammerhead sharks, the smalleye hammerhead shark is viviparous, meaning that it gives live birth. They mate in August and September and females are pregnant for around 10 months before giving birth to 5-12 pups in May and June. Males and females mature when they are 80 to 98 cm (31 to 39 inches) long. But male smalleye hammerhead sharks found off the northern Brazilian state of Maranhão mature when they are 92 cm (36 cm) long, while females mature when they are over 101 cm (40 in) long.

Shy and harmless towards humans, smalleye hammerhead sharks are fished throughout its range and is sold as food. Overfishing has now caused populations of the smalleye hammerhead shark to decrease. This has led the International Union for the Conservation of Nature to list it under Vulnerable.



List of cities in Serbia

This is the list of cities and towns in Serbia. Places are called "urban" and "rural" depending not only on size, but also on other administrative and legal criteria.

"Cities" in administrative sense are defined by the Law on Territorial Organization. They have their own Civic Parliaments and executive branches. They also have Mayors elected through popular vote. The capital Belgrade is the only city on the level of a district. All other cities are on the municipality level and are part of a district.

, the following cities have official administrative city rights:

Davis Cleveland

Davis Cleveland (born February 5, 2002) is an American (formerly child) actor. He is best known for his role as Flynn Jones on Disney Channel's "Shake It Up". He has also appeared in "Good Luck Charlie", "Hannah Montana", and the Disney XD series, "Zeke and Luther", and "Pair of Kings".

Hirosaki

Hirosaki was a castle town (城下町) of the Tsugaru clan. The town grew up around Hirosaki Castle, which was built in 1601.

Hirosaki uses the swastika ("manji" ) as official symbol. This came from the flag emblem of the Tsugaru clan in Edo period.

Hirosaki is located in the southwest part of Aomori Prefecture. It is in the south of Mount Iwaki; and it is along the border with Akita Prefecture.

 

Kuruş

Kuruş (derived from the German "Groschen"; Ottoman Turkish: غروش "gurûş") is a smaller unit of Turkish currency. Since 2005, one new Turkish lira is equal to 100 kuruş. It was first introduced in 1688.

List of cities and towns in Slovakia

This is a list of cities and towns in Slovakia. This list of cities and towns shows the city or town name first, followed by its district, its region, and then its population.

! rowspan=2 style="border-right: none;" class="unsortable" height=50px |
! rowspan=2 style="border-left: none;" | City or town        
! rowspan=2 | District
! rowspan=2 | Region
! colspan=3 | Population
! !! !! 


List of cities in Somalia

This is a list of cities and towns in Somalia.

Bradford on Avon

Bradford on Avon (or Bradford-on-Avon) is a town in Wiltshire, South West England. It has a population of about 9,326. The town's canal, historic buildings, shops, pubs and restaurants make it a place to go for tourists.

Chippenham

Chippenham is a market town in Wiltshire, South West England. It is east of Bath and west of London. In the 2001 census, the population was 28,065. In 2009, Councils estimated the population at 42,060. It is a great place to live.

National Portrait Gallery, London

The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) is an art gallery in London. It holds a collection of portraits of historically important and famous British people. It was the first portrait gallery in the world when it opened in 1856. 

The gallery moved in 1896 to its current site at St Martin's Place, off Trafalgar Square, next to the National Gallery. It has been expanded twice since then. The National Portrait Gallery also has three regional outposts. It is not connected to the Scottish National Portrait Gallery in Edinburgh. The NPG is a quango sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.

The gallery houses portraits of historically important and famous British people, selected on the basis of the significance of the sitter, not that of the artist. The collection includes photographs and caricatures as well as paintings, drawings and sculpture. 

One of its best-known images is the 'Chandos portrait', the most famous portrait of William Shakespeare although there is some uncertainty about whether the painting actually is of the playwright.

Not all of the portraits are exceptional artistically, although there are self-portraits by William Hogarth, Sir Joshua Reynolds and other British artists of note. Some, such as the group portrait of the participants in the Somerset House Conference of 1604, are important historical documents in their own right. Often, the curiosity value is greater than the artistic worth of a work, as in the case of the portrait of Edward VI by William Scrots, Patrick Brontë's painting of his sisters Charlotte, Emily and Anne, or a sculpture of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in medieval costume. Portraits of living figures were allowed from 1969. 

In addition to its permanent galleries of historical portraits, the National Portrait Gallery exhibits a rapidly changing collection of contemporary work, stages exhibitions of portrait art by individual artists and hosts the annual BP Portrait Prize competition.

The Gallery has many portrait busts by sculptors. The sculptors are mostly British or resident in Britain, and the subjects are British. Sculptors include poineers of modern sculpture such as Sir Jacob Epstein (14 examples), Dame Elizabeth Frink (5 examples), Sir Eduardo Paolozzi (four self-portrait busts).

Salicornia

Salicornia is a genus of plants which grow in salty envionments. They are pioneer plants that grow on beaches in the sand, and on salt marshes. They are the only plants in the marshes that cannot survive without salt. The plants are edible. Geese spending the winter on a coast also feed on these plants. The ash of the plant was used to make Sodium carbonate. 

Deputy prime minister

A deputy prime minister is a government minister who can take the position of the current prime minister when the prime minister is not available. For example, the vice prime minister is often asked to do the prime minister's work if the prime minister dies or is incapacitated (cannot do the job due to illness, injury, etc.), has too much work or does not have the time, to do every duty. In some countries, a prime minister has more than one deputy prime minister.


Matt Nolan

Matthew Todd "Matt" Nolan (born July 8, 1970) is an American Actor and voice actor. Best known for "Peter Genco" in Oscar Winning Best Picture, ARGO. Vice (2018) Directed by Adam McKay. Only the Brave (2017), Directed by Joseph Kosinski. Jersey Boys (2014), Directed by Clint Eastwood. Stolen (2012), Directed by Simon West. Television Credits include; NCIS (2018) Love (2018), The Librarians (2014), 2 Broke Girls (2013), Grimm (2015). Voice Over in Features, Animation, Commercials, Video Games; including FROZEN II (2019) Black Panther (2018), Deadpool 2 (2018), The Avengers (2012), Deadpool (2016), War for the Planet of the Apes (2017), and X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014). He also has worked on Disney Animated Series AMERICAN DRAGON: JAKE LONG, Nickelodeon's PENGUINS OF MADAGASCAR. Video Games include CALL OF DUTY, HALO, and MADAGASCAR. 
Also played Dustin in The Rookie, Season 4, Episode 20. 

Northern hawk-owl

The northern hawk-owl (also known as the Hudsonian owl) ("Surnia ulula") is an owl. It does not migrate. It usually stays in areas where it is able to breed.

Bank of America

Bank of America is a multinational bank group. Its headquarters is in Charlotte, North Carolina. The company has 5,600 branches in over 150 countries. It is the fifth largest company in the United States. It is one of the "Big Four" Banks in the United States. It manages about 10.73% of all money put into banks. It directly competes with other big banks, like as JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo.

Several of the banks which became Bank of America were involved in the slave trade.

Bank of America was created in October 17, 1904. However, it was not called Bank of America yet. It was called Bank of Italy. Bank of Italy was created by Amadeo Pietro Giannini in San Francisco. A different bank, which was called Bank of America, was created in 1922, in Los Angeles. In 1928, the two banks merged with other banks, and created another bank, also called Bank of Italy. In November 3, 1930, the bank's name was changed into Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association. Afterwards, they merged with many more banks (such as Banca d'America e d'Italia, Bancitaly Corporation, and many more banks).

Daydream

Daydreaming is a short-term detachment from one's immediate surroundings. During a daydream, a person's contact with reality is blurred. External reality is second to a visionary fantasy.

There are many types of daydreams, and there is no agreed definition. However, the characteristic that is common to all forms of daydreaming is a mild separation from the person's surroundings. Daydreams are under conscious control, so they differ from dreams, but they do have a kind of dream-like fantasy quality. Although daydreaming in children may be frowned upon by parents and teachers, it seems quite normal. There is evidence which suggests daydreaming is associated with mental health and stability.


Charles Koppelman

Charles Koppelman (March 30, 1940 – November 25, 2022) was the chairman of EMI Records, an American recording label. He was once a chairman of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia. Currently, he is the CEO of CAK Entertainment.

Salt marsh

A salt marsh is a piece of land, near the sea, which is flooded, at least occasionally. Salt marshes form a habitat for plants and animals that live there.The water speed is slow and has a gentle swash.

Jay Mohr

Jon Ferguson Mohr (born August 23, 1970) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian. He played Marty in "Are We There Yet?" (soon replaced by Christian Finnegan) and voiced Paulie in "Paulie".



Christian Finnegan

Fletcher Christian Finnegan (born April 1, 1973) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian. He currently plays Marty in "Are We There Yet?", replacing Jay Mohr.


Siri

Siri is a virtual assistant application built into certain iOS devices. It hears what the user says and responds by web services. At first, Siri was an app in the App Store, but Apple bought the company that owned it, on April 28, 2010. Siri has been supported by all devices since the iPhone 4S, and is in iOS 5 devices other than the third generation iPad. When iOS 6 came out, the third generation iPad got Siri, as well as the iPhone 5, iPod Touch (5th generation), fourth generation iPad, and iPad Mini. 

A similar system is built into Android (Google Assistant), Samsung () and Windows Phone ().

Daniel Avilés

Daniel Avilés Valiente (born April 4, 2001; Madrid, Spain), is a Spanish actor. He is best known for playing "Carlitos" in a series "Los Protegidos".


List of cities in Sri Lanka

The following is a list of settlements in Sri Lanka with a population of over 50,000.

List of cities in Sudan

This is a list of cities and towns in Sudan:

List of settlements in Suriname

This is a list of cities and towns in Suriname:


List of cities and towns in Syria

Syria is divided into 14 governorates. Those governates are divided into 64 districts. Every governorate and district has a capital city, except of the Rif Dimashq Governorate and Markaz Rif Dimashq district. 

In all districts of Syria, the district has the same name as its capital. The one exception is the Mount Simeon District where the capital is the city of Aleppo. 

This is a list of all Governorate and District capitals.

Other large cities and notable towns include:

List of cities in Tanzania

This is a list of cities and towns in Tanzania.

List of settlements in Trinidad and Tobago

List of cities, towns and villages in Trinidad and Tobago:


Natasha Gregson Wagner

Natasha Gregson Wagner (born September 29 1970) is an American television and movie actress from Los Angeles. She is the daughter of actress Natalie Wood. She starred in the 1992 comedy "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" alongside Kristy Swanson. She also starred in the television series "ER" for several episodes.

Carlos Finlay

Carlos Juan Finlay (December 3, 1833 – August 20, 1915) was a Cuban physician and scientist who started the interest in yellow fever research.

Finlay was born Juan Carlos Finlay y Barres, in Puerto Príncipe (now Camagüey), Cuba. His family is of French and Scottish heritage. In 1853 he went to Jefferson Medical college in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He graduated in 1855. He finished his studies in Havana and in Paris. Later he moved to Havana and started a medical practice.

Finlay continued his work in the 1870s. He was the first to come up with the idea that a mosquito was a carrier for a disease that causes yellow fever. He discovered that the spread and cause of yellow fever was from a mosquito. The mosquito would bite a person with the disease and would then bite and infect a healthy person. A year later Finlay identified the mosquito of the genus Aedes as the insect transmitting yellow fever. His research led to the control of the mosquito population as a way to control the spread of the disease.

Dr. Finlay was a member of Havana's Royal Academy of Medical, Physical and Natural Sciences. He was fluent in French, German, Spanish, and English, and could read Latin. He was interested in a lot of things but his main interest was yellow fever. He wrote 40 articles on this disease. His theory was that an intermediary host was responsible for the spread of the disease. As a result of his work, Dr. Finlay was nominated seven times for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, but it was never awarded to him. He received the National Order of the Legion of Honour of France in 1908.

In 1990, the Walter Reed Commission confirmed what Carlos found. Reed was known to all as being the one that discovered the connection of yellow fever and the mosquito but he gave the credit to Finlay. He used Finlay's information to help with his research. Soon Finlay became the chief health officer of Cuba from 1902 to 1909.

Finlay died from heart failure caused by pneumonia in his home in Havana, Cuba.

Wen Tingyun

Wen Tingyun (812–870) was an important Chinese lyricist of the late Tang Dynasty. 

He was born in Qin, Shanxi province, China. Wen became regarded as the first truly distinctive writer of "ci", the song-verse style of poetry that dominated Chinese poetry during much of the late Tang dynasty and the Song dynasty. Most of his poems are "boudoir"-style verses that described the opulent furnishings and gardens of solitary women and their hidden desires. This style of poetry was commonly used for romantic communications between men and women in the entertainment districts of the Chinese capital Chang'an during the Tang dynasty.

Jill Arrington

Tiffany "Jill" Arrington (born July 27, 1972) is an American sportscaster. She works for Fox Sports. 

Arrington was the feature reporter on "Fox NFL Sunday" and co-hosted "NFL Under the Helmet". For the Arena Football League, she was the studio host and field reporter for the TNN Network. Arrington also worked at CBS Sports. She was the sideline reporter and court reporter for "Tennis on CBS" and "SEC on CBS" and was a feature reporter on "The NFL Today" a pregame show for the "NFL on CBS". Then she worked with Mike Tirico and Kirk "Herbie" Herbstreit for "ESPN College Football" as lead sideline reporter. Arrington has hosted programs for FOX Sports such as "Totally NASCAR", "Verizon NFL Mobile Updates", "College Football Saturday Preview," and "FoxSportsFlash". She was added to the "NBA on TNT" in 2012.

Arrington was born in Conyers, Georgia. She studied Journalism and Political Science at the University of Miami. In 2001, Arrington was voted the "Sexiest Sportscaster" by "Playboy" magazine. Arrington is the aunt of actresses Dakota and Elle Fanning.

Tim Brando

Tim Brando (born February 27, 1956) is an American sportscaster. He works for CBS Sports. He is the current preseason voice of the New Orleans Saints with Solomon Wilcots. Brando called basketball games for the LSU Tigers and LSU Lady Tigers. 

He is also one of the studio hosts for College Basketball on CBS and serves the same capacity for College Football on CBS/SEC on CBS with Spencer Tillman and Tony Barnhart. He also does play-by-play for College Basketball on CBS, College Basketball on FSN, College Basketball on Raycom (formally Jefferson-Pilot) and formally with Jefferson-Pilot.

On the professional basketball side, he provided play-by-play for the Atlanta Hawks, TNT, and Turner Sports. He currently hosts "College Football Preview", "Football Saturdays in the South," and "The Tim Brando Show." He has provided play-by-play for College Football on CBS and NFL on CBS and serves the same capacity with the New Orleans Saints. Before working for CBS and Raycom, he was an anchor for SportsCenter as well as a studio host for college basketball and football on ESPN as well as providing some play-by-play for ESPN's coverage of college football. In addition to football and basketball, Brando also called Atlanta Braves games.

Gary Bender

Gary Nedrow Bender (born September 1, 1940, Ulysses, Kansas) is a retired American sportscaster. Bender has worked for CBS, ABC and TNT. While working at CBS, he covered 27 different sports. His play-by-play jobs include:


Bonnie Bernstein

Bonnie Bernstein (born August 16, 1970) is a sportscaster. She is best known for her works at CBS Sports and ESPN. 

Mike Emrick

Michael "Doc" Emrick (born August 1, 1946) is a sportscaster. He is best known for calling ice hockey games especially for the NHL. He is called The Voice of Ice Hockey.

Emrick has been a sportscaster professionally since 1973. He was hired by the Port Huron Flags. In 1977 he started to work for the Maine Mariners. Emrick then was the Devils first voice in New Jersey. He was there from the 1982–83 NHL season until 1986. In 1993, he returned to the team to replace Gary Thorne. He continued to be the team's voice until July 2011. He announced the team's 1995 Stanley Cup victory.

Emrick became the lead play-by-play announcer for the "NHL on Fox" Game of the Week. He called regular-season games and Stanley Cup Finals from 1995 to 2000. He has called eight NHL All-Star Games. He called the 1996 World Cup of Hockey and the 2004 World Cup of Hockey.

Emrick has worked on many Olympic Games. He has called both ice hockey and water polo.

He also called some National Football League and men's NCAA basketball tournament games. He called the National Lacrosse League All-Star Game and Championship Game.

Emrick received the NHL's Lester Patrick Award in 2004. He was the first of three people to get the award for media work. He got the Foster Hewitt Memorial Award by the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2008. Emrick was the first member of the media to be in the U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame. This was on December 12, 2011.

In 2011, Emrick won the Emmy Award for "Outstanding Sports Personality - Play by Play."

Dick Enberg

Richard Alan "Dick" Enberg (January 9, 1935 – December 21, 2017) was an American sportscaster. He was the voice of the San Diego Padres. He also announced or hosted the Tournament of Roses Parade for many years, sometimes with the help of family members.

Enberg was born in Mount Clemens, Michigan. He began his career calling games for UCLA Bruins basketball, Los Angeles Rams football and California Angels baseball.

In the 1970s, Enberg hosted the television game show "Sports Challenge". He co-produced the Emmy Award-winning sports-history series "The Way It Was" for PBS.

He broadcast for many sports and events for NBC, including the National Football League, Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, the U.S. Open golf championship, college football, college basketball, the Wimbledon and French Open tennis tournaments, heavyweight boxing, Breeders' Cup and other horse racing events, and the Olympic Games. He died in San Diego California from cardiac arrest

Enberg received many awards and honors in his lifetime. These include 13 Sports Emmy Awards (as well as a Lifetime Achievement Emmy), nine National Sportscaster of the Year awards from the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association (and is in that organization's Hall of Fame), five Sportscaster of the Year awards from the American Sportscasters Association, the Pete Rozelle Award from the Pro Football Hall of Fame, the Curt Gowdy Award from the Basketball Hall of Fame, and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Enberg is the only sportscaster so far to win Emmys in three categories (broadcasting, writing, and producing). In 1973, he was the first U.S. sportscaster to visit the People's Republic of China.

Curt Gowdy

Curtis Edward "Curt" Gowdy (July 31, 1919 – February 20, 2006) was an American sportscaster. He was well known as the longtime "voice" of the Boston Red Sox.

In 1949 Gowdy began his Major League Baseball broadcasting career working as an announcer with Mel Allen for New York Yankees games on radio and television. In 1951 he began working for the Red Sox. He left the Red Sox after the 1965 season.

He covered the first five seasons of the American Football League with broadcast partner Paul Christman. Other sports he has called include: 

Gowdy made cameo appearances in the movies "" (1988) and "Summer Catch" (2001), and his voice can be heard in "Heaven Can Wait" (1978) and "BASEketball" (1998).

In 1970, Gowdy became the first sportscaster to get the Peabody Award. He was elected to the National Sportswriters and Sportscasters Hall of Fame in 1981. In 1985, he was inducted into the American Sportscasters Association Hall of Fame. He was given the Ford C. Frick Award from the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1984. He received the Pete Rozelle Award from the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1993. He got a lifetime achievement Emmy in 1992. He was selected to the Boston Red Sox Hall of Fame in 1995. He is also in many local Hall of Fames.

On October 12, 2006, the United States Postal Service building in Green River, Wyoming, was named the "Curt Gowdy Post Office Building".

A state park in Wyoming was named for Gowdy on March 27, 1972. The Curt Gowdy State Park is halfway between his highschool hometown of Cheyenne and his college town of Laramie. 

 

Jim Gray

Jim Gray (born November 11, 1959 in Denver, Colorado) is an American sportscaster. He works for the Sacramento Kings. He also worked during the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Gray has won 11 Emmy Awards. He has twice been named the Sports Reporter of the Year by the ASA. Gray has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Gray has worked on many major sporting events including many Super Bowls, World Series, NBA Finals, NCAA Final Fours, Olympics, The Masters and World Boxing Title Fights. Gray was named as one of the 50 Greatest Sports Broadcasters of All-Time by David Halberstam.

The most notable interview of Gray's sportscasting career occurred with former baseball player Pete Rose. During Game 2 of the 1999 World Series, Rose was named as a member of the Major League Baseball All-Century Team. After the ceremony, Gray asked Rose about gambling on baseball. Rose repeatedly said he did not gamble on baseball. Later Rose's book said that he did gamble.

Jim Hill

James Webster "Jim" Hill (born October 21, 1946 in San Antonio, Texas) is a retired American football defensive back. He played in the National Football League. He is now a Los Angeles-based sportscaster. He is a Studio Host for the both the LA Dodgers and LA Lakers games.

He played college football at Texas A&M University–Kingsville. In the National Football League he played for the Green Bay Packers and San Diego Chargers.

He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.


Dan Kelly (sportscaster)

Dan Kelly (September 17, 1936 – February 10, 1989) was a Canadian sportscaster. He was best known for calling games for the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League. He also called games for the NHL on CBS, USA, CBC, CTV and Global as well as the 1988 Winter Olympics (Ice Hockey for CTV) and the 1987 Canada Cup. Other than hockey, Kelly called games for the St. Louis Cardinals, Missouri Tigers football, CFL on CBC and the NFL on CBS. Dan Kelly was named to the Hockey Hall of Fame on October 3, 1989.

Jim Kelly (sportscaster)

Jim Kelly is a former sportscaster who worked at ESPN and CBS Sports. He called golf tournaments on Golf Network which was heard on Mutual and NBC Radio. Kelly then moved to CBS and CBS Radio calling NFL and golf tournaments for both networks. For CBS television, he provided play-by-play for the NBA on CBS, track-and-field, and bowling. He also hosted Thoroughbred Racing on CBS, CBS Radio's "Sports World Roundup" and "CBS Sports Saturday" and was a sports anchor for "CBS Morning News", WCAU-TV, and WNEV-TV were he called preseason games for both the New England Patriots and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. After leaving CBS, he joined ESPN where he called and covered tournaments and games for college football, college basketball, bowling, golf, the NHL, tennis, and the America's Cup.

Godfrey Kneller

Sir Godfrey Kneller, 1st Baronet (8 August 1646 – 19 October 1723) was the leading portrait painter in England during the late 17th and early 18th centuries. He was court painter to English and British monarchs from Charles II to George I. 

His major works include "The Chinese Convert" (1687); a series of four portraits of Isaac Newton; a series of ten reigning European monarchs, including King Louis XIV of France; over 40 "Kit-cat portraits" of members of the Kit-Cat Club; and ten "beauties" of the court of William III. The beauties series was to match a similar series of ten beauties of the court of Charles II. The earlier portraits were painted by court painter before him, Sir Peter Lely.

Input

Input is information that is "put in" to something. For example, when people talk, that is input for ears. The word is usually used when talking about computers. When someone types on a computer, the thing that they type is input. Usually, input is used to make output.

Input may refer to:


Output

Output is what comes out of something. An example of output is when someone talks. The word is usually used when talking about computers. When someone tells a computer to do something, what it does is the output. Usually, output changes when someone changes the input.

Orlando Figueroa

Orlando Figueroa (b. September 9, 1955) was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico. When he was a child he loved to learn how mechanical toys worked. When he was in elementary school, he spent most of his time building things and looking for solutions to problems. In high school he was in advanced mathematics. He fell in love with space after that. He would gaze at the stars and moon and would try to imagine what it would be like to travel into space.

After high school Figueroa attended the University of Puerto Rico at Mayaguez and in 1978, he earned his Bachelors Degree in Mechanical Engineering. While at school in Puerto Rico he took a few advanced courses in Mechanical Engineering at the University of Maryland, College Park.

In 1982, Figueroa was hired by NASA and was named Head of the Cryogenics Technology Section at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland. Among the other positions that Figueroa has held are Lead Cryogenic Engineer for the Cryogenic Optical Assembly of the Cosmic Background Explorer, Manager for the Superfluid Helium On Orbit Transfer Shuttle Experiment, Manager for the Small Explorer Project, Manager for the Explorer Program and Director of the Systems, Technology and Advanced Concepts Directorate.

In 1997, Figueroa was a member of the Senior Executive Service of the U.S. Federal Government. On September 2003, he was the Director for the Solar Systems Division in the Space Science at NASA Headquarters and he also held the position of Director for Mars Exploration.

As Director of Mars Exploration, Figueroa led a team of hundreds of scientists, engineers and program specialists in one of the agency's most important projects to determine if life ever existed on Mars. The program's plan is to put humans on Mars. Under his directorship the Mars Explorer Rover mission launched Spirit and Opportunity in 2004. The launching of two rovers within days of each other had never been done before, and it was accomplished in three years. 

In August 2005, Figueroa was the Director for System Safety and Mission Assurance at the Goddard Space Flight Center. In October 2005, Figueroa was named Director of Applied Engineering and Technology at Goddard. He was responsible for 1,300 employees and provided guidance on engineering and system technology. In January 2010, he became Deputy Center Director for Science and Technology of Goddard Space Flight Center. Mr. Figueroa now lives in Maryland with his family.

Félix Soto Toro

Félix Soto Toro (born 1967) is an astronaut applicant and an electrical designs engineer at NASA. He developed the Advanced Payload Transfer Measurement System.

Soto Toro was raised in a poor section of the City of Guaynabo, Puerto Rico called El Barrio Amelia. When he was young, he was interested in everything that had to do with light bulbs and electricity. He went to elementary school in his hometown. He went to high school at the Colegio Madre Cabrini in San Juan. 
In 1984, after graduating from high school, Soto Toro studied at the Florida Institute of Technology in Melbourne, Florida. In 1986, he joined the Cooperative Education Program while still in college. He joined the program because he wanted to become an engineer. Soto Toro earned his Doctor of Philosophy degree in electrical engineering and applied to become an astronaut candidate.

In 1990, Soto Toro earned his Bachelor's Degree of Science in Electrical Engineering. He was hired by NASA, a month later. He worked at the Design Engineering Networks Communications section at Kennedy Space Center. In 1992, he graduated with his Masters Degree of Science in Electrical Engineering. In 1997, he went back to school for another Masters in Science degree. 

At the Kennedy Space Center, Soto Toro reviews, designs, builds, and tests engineering designs used in the Space Shuttle and Payload Operations Development Laboratories. The main project he developed was the Advanced Payload Transfer Measurement System. This system measures the spherical coordinates offset between the trunnion and their supports during transfer operations.

Soto Toro was presented with the 2003 "El Premio Coqui" by La Casa de Puerto Rico in Florida for his assistance in the field of science. On November 9, 2003, Soto Toro was named the Grand Marshal of the Puerto Rican Day Parade held in Palm Bay, Florida.

Sixto González

Sixto González (born 1965) is the first Puerto Rican to be named Director of the Arecibo Observatory, the world's largest single dish radio telescope.

González was born Sixto A. González Edick in Bayamon, Puerto Rico. Soon after his birth his family moved to the city of Yabucoa. He went to school in Humacao. As a child, he would take things apart and put them back together again. From that he developed a curiosity about the world around him. He graduated with honors (very good grades) from high school.
In 1983, he traveled to Massachusetts and enrolled in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences at MIT. González went back home in 1985 and enrolled, studied at the Humacao campus of the University of Puerto Rico to study physics and electronics, earning his Bachelors of Science degree in 1988. While at the university he was able to do research at the Arecibo Observatory, the world's largest single dish radio telescope.

In 1988, González enrolled in the Department of Physics and Center for Space and Atmospheric Sciences at Utah State University. He was able to base his thesis "Radar, satellite, and modeling studies of the low latitude protonosphere" from experiments he performed at the observatory. He completed his PhD in 1994.

Dirk Bach

Dirk Bach (April 23, 1961 – October 1, 2012) was a German television comedian, actor, voice actor and moderator. He is best known as "Pepe" in the German version of Sesame Street ("Sesamstraße").

Bach was born in Cologne, Germany on April 23, 1961 and died on October 1, 2012 in Berlin, Germany from heart failure. Bach was openly gay and had a partner, Thomas. Bach was an activist for LGBT rights.



Beatrice Rosen

Beatrice Rosen, also credited as "Béatrice Rosen" and "Béatrice Rosenblatt", (born November 29, 1977) is an American-French actress.
She was born in 1977 New York City in the United States, although raised in Paris.

Juan R. Cruz

Dr. Juan R. Cruz, Ph.D. (born January 5, 1946) is a Puerto Rican scientist who played a very important role in the design and development of the Mars Exploration Rover (MER) parachute.

Cruz was born and raised in Puerto Rico. He has a Ph.D. from Virginia Tech, and a Bachelor of Science from MIT university. Both of his degrees are in aerospace engineering. When he was at MIT he was involved with the Monarch and Daedalus human powered airplane teams.

Cruz is a senior aerospace engineer in the Exploration Systems Engineering Branch at the NASA Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia. He was responsible on the development of entry, descent and landing (EDL) systems for robotic and human missions in space. He was a member of the highly successful Mars Exploration Rover (MER) project that placed two rovers (machines) on the surface of Mars in 2004. The project was focused on the parachute that he designed.

According to Cruz, "There are challenges to testing these parachutes because we can not test it at exactly the right conditions. Earth's atmosphere is the one we have to work with and the Martian atmosphere, air in Mars, is very different, so you have to make adjustments in how you test the parachute".

Cruz is also a member of the Phoenix (Mars 2007), Mars Science Laboratory (Mars 2009), and Crew Exploration Vehicle EDL teams. He was a part of a lot of research on missions to Mars, including robotic airplanes

Antonia Novello

Antonia Coello Novello, M.D., (born August 23, 1944) is a Puerto Rican physician and public health administrator. She was a vice admiral in the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and served as fourteenth Surgeon General of the United States from 1990 to 1993. Novello is the first woman and first Hispanic to serve as Surgeon General. Novello was married to former U.S. Navy flight surgeon and psychiatrist, Joseph R. Novello.

Novello served as Commissioner of Health for the State of New York from 1999 to 2006. 

In 1979, Novello joined the Public Health Service. Her first assignment was as a project officer at the National Institute of Arthritis, Metabolism and Digestive Diseases of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). From 1976, she was a pediatric (doctor for children) at Georgetown University Hospital. During her years at NIH, Novello worked on a Masters of Physical Health degree from the Johns Hopkins School of Hygiene and Public Health. She finished her degree in 1982.

In 1986, Novello became the Assistant Surgeon General grade in the PHSCC and the Deputy Director of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD). In this role, she became interested in children with AIDS.

Novello was a big help in the planning of the Organ Transplantation Procurement Act of 1984. She did this when she was working at the United States Senate Committee on Labor and Human Resources. 

Novello was appointed Surgeon General by President George H. W. Bush. She was the first woman and the first Hispanic to hold the position. During her time as Surgeon General, Novello focused her attention on the health of women, children and minorities, (people with little political power). She also focused on underage drinking, smoking, and AIDS. She played an important role in starting the Healthy Children Ready to Learn Initiative. She spoke out often and forcefully (very strong and loud) about illegal underage drinking, and called to the United States Department of Health and Human Services Inspector General to issue a series of eight reports on the subject.

Novello also worked to stop illegal tobacco use by young people. After leaving the position of Surgeon General, Novello stayed in the regular corps of the Public Health Service. She was assigned the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) Special Representative for Health and Nutrition from 1993 to 1996. 

In 2002, Novello was awarded the James Smithson Bicentennial Medal. She was also presented with the Legion of Merit Medal by the United States Secretary of State Colin Powell. In 2006, she was a finalist for the Hispanic Business magazine Woman of the Year Award in the April 2006 issue.

Lissette Martinez

Lissette Martinez (born 1971), is the lead electrical engineer for the Space Experiment Module program at the Wallops Flight Facility, which is part of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.

Martinez was born in Brooklyn, New York to Puerto Rican parents. She was raised in Yauco, Puerto Rico where her family had moved when she was still a child. In Puerto Rico she went to school from k-8th grade. When she was in 8th grade, she was given a homework assignment to study the moon which. She spent a lot of time on the roof of her house every night for a month. She wrote down and detailed everything about the moon, the way the moon looked. That report made her interested in the moon. 

After she graduated from high school, she studied at the University of Puerto Rico at Mayaguez. During her third year as an electrical engineering student she was accepted into the NASA Cooperative Education Program. She was started working at NASA right away. Martinez earned, finished, her degree in electrical engineering in 1993 and was offered a job in NASA.

Martinez was part of the team that launched a rocket from White Sands, New Mexico to gather information on the Hale-Bopp Comet, a comet. She is responsible for providing, giving electrical engineering support to Code 870 Space Experiment Module (SEM) program. She is also responsible for the testing of ground and flight hardware. Martinez works with students around the world, helping them with science experiments that will actually ride along on Space Shuttle missions and blast into space.
Martinez continues to work at Wallops Flight Facility located in Virginia. She lives with her son in Salisbury, Maryland.

Ramón E. López

Dr. Ramón E. López (born 1959) is an American scientist and writer. He is a Space Physicist. He has also been a large part of a hands-on science program in the elementary and middle grades of the Montgomery County Public School System (MCPS) in Maryland.

López was born in Illinois. His parents are from Puerto Rico. His father was a United States Army officer and surgeon. His mother an elementary school teacher. When he was a child, his father gave him a telescope as a birthday present.for his 10th birthday The Apollo 11 moon landing on July 20, 1969 caused him to be very interested in Space Physics. When he was in sixth grade, his father retired from the military and his family moved to Freeport, Illinois. In Fereport, his father started his own medical office. Lopez went to Pearl City High School. There his science teacher taught him to do a small amount of computer programming.

López began studying at the University of Illinois in 1976. He earned a B.S. in Physics in 1980. As a student, he worked in the Physics Department. He helped with demonstrations and shows. He also wrote articles for the school's newspaper. He won a National Science Foundation minority graduate fellowship and money for school. He used the money to study at Rice University in Houston, Texas. In 1984, he earned his Master's and in 1986 a Ph.D.

López worked as a scientist for the Applied Research Corporation from 1985 to 1992. He later worked at the University of Maryland, the American Physical Society, the Florida Institute of Technology and the University of Texas at both El Paso and Arlington. He worked very closely with Montgomery County Public Schools (MCPS) in Maryland to help create a hands-on science program in elementary and middle grades.

Lopez's main area of research deals with magnetospheric physics and space weather. He studied the magnetic properties of the sun and solar wind and how they affect weather on the earth.

López is currently a Professor in the Department of Physics at the University of Texas at Arlington.

In addition to his science publications, Lopez co-wrote the book "Storms from the Sun: The Emerging Science of Space Weather;". He wrote the book with Michael J. Carlowicz. It was published in 2002.
Lopez has worked on many published works. These include the following:

Asking Alexandria

Asking Alexandria are a British metalcore band from York, North Yorkshire. Asking Alexandria have five members in the band; the current band members are Ben Bruce, James Cassells, Danny Worsnop, Cameron Liddell and Sam Bettley.

They released their first album "Stand Up and Scream" on September 15, 2009. Their newest album "Reckless & Relentless" was released on April 5, 2011. They will release their third studio album in 2013.

In 2012, Asking Alexandria received an 11th Annual Independent Music Award for the best metal/hardcore album for "Reckless & Relentless".







List of cities in Turkmenistan

This is a list of the main towns and cities in Turkmenistan. Some might be listed by older, Soviet-era names and spellings. 


Al-Fatiha Foundation

The Al-Fatiha Foundation is an organization which advances the cause of gay, lesbian, and transgender Muslims. It was founded in 1997 by Faisal Alam, a Pakistani American, and is registered as a nonprofit organization in the United States. Imam Daayiee Abdullah is also a board member of the Al-Fatiha Foundation.

The organization grew out of an internet listserve that brought together many gay, lesbian, and questioning Muslims from 25 countries, and by 1998 had developed numerous in-person chapters. Al-Fatiha has 14 chapters in the United States, as well as offices in England, Canada, Spain, Turkey, and South Africa.

The name means "the Opening" and is shared with Al-Fatiha or the first surah of the Qur'an. In the beginning of that surah, Allah is described as compassionate and merciful; the organization's founders believe that these attributes characterize Islam, rather than hatred and homophobia.

Each year, Al-Fatiha hosts an international membership retreat and conference. Early conferences took place in Boston, New York, and London in the late 1990s and early 2000s, and focused on issues such as the reconciliation of religion and sexual orientation.

Reagent bottle

A reagent bottle is a bottle designed to hold chemical liquids and solution for long-term storage. A reagent jar contains solid powder or crystals. Each bottle or jar is labelled with the name of the substance, details of the purity and safety precautions. Reagent jars or bottles are kept in chemical storeroom. The reagent bottle is usually made of glass but can be made from plastic.

Jim Lampley

Jim Lampley (born April 8, 1949) is an American sportscaster, news anchor, movie producer, and restaurant owner. Lampley has covered 14 Olympic Games on U.S. television.

Lampley has announced Major League Baseball, the Indianapolis 500, college basketball, United States Football League, Super Bowl XIX, and boxing.

He has earned three Emmy awards.


Bill Mazer

Bill Mazer (November 2, 1920 – October 23, 2013) was an American sportscaster. He was the host of the first sports talk radio show in history. It started in March of 1964 on WNBC (AM).

Bill Mazer was a color commentator and a studio host for the NHL. He did play-by-play for the NFL on CBS as well as the American Basketball Association. Mazer was also one of the voices of the Milwaukee Braves of Major League Baseball. He called golf tournaments for CBS and NBC. Then he was a sports anchor for WNEW-TV for almost twenty years. He was a host for "Sports Extra" teaming up with Lee Leonard.

He filled in for Hugh Downs on the game show "Concentration". Then he was given his own show, "Reach for the Stars". However, the show was quickly canceled. During the 1960s and 1970s, Mazer did much voice-over commercial work, from L&M Cigarettes, Kodak, Ford automobiles to Trident chewing gum, among many others.

Mazer won three National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association's Sportscaster of the Year awards for New York from 1964–66. Mazer was inducted into the hall of fame for both the Buffalo Broadcasters Association (1999) and the National Jewish Sports Hall of Fame and Museum (1997).

Mazer died on October 23, 2013 from unknown causes at a hospital in Danbury, Connecticut, aged 92.

Jim McKay

James Kenneth McManus (September 24, 1921 – June 7, 2008), better known by his professional name of Jim McKay, was an American television sports journalist.

McKay is best known for hosting ABC's "Wide World of Sports" (1961–1998). He covered 12 Olympic Games. He earned respect for his memorable reporting on the Munich massacre at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

McKay covered a wide variety of special events, including horse races such as the Kentucky Derby, golf events such as the British Open, and the Indianapolis 500.


Brent Musburger

Brent Musburger (born May 26, 1939) is an American sportscaster. He began nationally as a sportscaster with CBS. Musburger currently works for ABCSports and ESPN. He calls play-by-play on a variety of sports. These include baseball, football, basketball, tennis and golf. He has been a studio host for broadcasts of Soccer, cycling, auto racing and horse racing.

Musberger was born on May 26, 1939 in Portland, Oregon. Musberger was raised in Billings, Montana and in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Northwestern University. He has been married to Arlene Clare Sander since 1963. They have three children. He made the voice of Brent Mustanberger in "Cars 2" and in "Planes".

Musburger's career began during the 1970s and later would announce formally with CBS until 1990. He currently works for ABC Sports and ESPN.
Here are his jobs:

Gil Santos

Gil Santos (born April 19, 1940 – April 19, 2018) is a longtime sportscaster and is the current voice of the New England Patriots. He was paired with Gino Cappeletti for every season except the 2001 season when he was hospitalized badly due to illness and replaced by Pete Brock for the first eight games. Capalleti would retire after the 2011 NFL season and was replaced by Scott Zolak as color commentator. He also called games for the Boston Celtics, Boston College Eagles football, Providence Friars basketball, Portland Breakers, and Penn State Nittany Lions football.
On April of 2012, Santos was hospitalized with pneumonia and was briefly hospitalized. He was questioned if he was able to continue as Patriots play-by-play. Gil Santos announced that the 2012 would be his final season as the "Voice of the Patriots". After the 2012 season, Santos retired due to health issues.

Michele Tafoya

Michele Tafoya (born 1964/1965) is a sportscaster currently with NBC Sports. Her jobs include these past and present:

Japanese garden

The oldest Japanese text on garden-making is "Sakuteiki" ("Records of Garden Making"). The work was based on oral traditions which were published for the first time in the 11th century.

There are many types of Japanese gardens, for example, 






Queso fresco

Queso fresco (Spanish: fresh/natural cheese), also known as queso blanco (white cheese) is one of many varieties of Mexican cheeses (Oaxaca, Menonita, Panela, etc.).

Aluminum wiring

Aluminum wiring is electrical wiring made of aluminum, instead of the usual copper. It is widely and successfully used for electricity transmission and distribution. It is lighter and stronger than copper wire, which helps prevent the cables from sagging. It is also less expensive than copper wire. It has also been successfully used in aircraft wiring. In the 1960s, with the rising price of copper, electricians started to use it to wire homes and other buildings. Aluminum wiring was not successful in this application and it is a major safety problem. Because of the safety problems with aluminum wiring, it was discontinued for building wiring in the mid-1970s. Over time, aluminum wiring can separate from the screws on electrical outlets, switches, or lights, creating a poor connection, which causes the wire to heat up. The heat can cause the aluminum to oxidize, creating an even worse connection and more heat, which can eventually start a fire. Incorrect repairs to aluminum wiring, such as connecting aluminum wire to copper wire with twist-on wire connectors, can make the problem even worse. Even twist-on connectors designed to connect aluminum to copper can be dangerous. The only proper way to repair aluminum wiring is to connect it to copper "tails" (short pieces of copper wire) with crimped or screw-on connectors specifically designed for this purpose.

Chespirito

Chespirito (born Roberto Gómez Bolaños, February 21, 1929 – November 28, 2014) was a Mexican writer, actor, director, comedian, humorist, songwriter and poet. 

He was known for writing, directing, and starring in the "Chespirito" (1968-1995), "El Chavo del Ocho" (1971-1980), and "El Chapulín Colorado" (1972-1981) television series. The character of "El Chavo" is one of the most iconic in the history of Latin American television. "El Chavo del Ocho" is still popular. It has been watched every day by 91 million people per episode.

Chespirito was born on February 21, 1929 in Mexico City, Mexico. His parents were Francisco Gómez Linares and Elsa Bolaños Cacho Aguilar. His brother Horacio was also an actor. Mexican President Gustavo Díaz Ordaz Bolaños was his cousin once removed.

Before becoming an actor, Chespirito was a small-time boxer. He wanted to be a engineer, so he studied at National Autonomous University of Mexico. Chespirito also wrote some plays before he started acting. His stage name, "Chespirito", was given to him by a producer during Chespirito's first years as a writer. The nickname means "Little Shakespeare".

Chespirito's first wife was Graciela Fernandez. They married in 1968. They had six children. They divorced in 1989.

In 2004, Chespirito married his co-star and long-time partner, actress Florinda Meza. 

Chespirito was a member of the National Action Party (PAN).

On November 28, 2014, Chespirito died from heart failure as a complication of Parkinson's disease at the age of 85, in Cancún, Quintana Roo. His funeral was held at the Estadio Azteca in Mexico City on November 30, 2014. He is buried at Panteón Francés, in Mexico City.


Barry Commoner

Barry Commoner (May 28, 1917 – September 30, 2012) was an American biologist, professor, and politician. He is known for his failed 1980 Presidential Election campaign for which he was nominated to the Citizens Party.

Commoner was born on May 28, 1917 in Brooklyn, New York. He was married to Gloria Gordon until they divorced. He was later married to Lisa Feiner from 1980 until his death in 2012. He died on September 30, 2012 in his home in Manhattan, New York from natural causes, aged 95.


Frank Pierson

Frank Romer Pierson (May 12, 1925 – July 22, 2012) was an American movie director, movie producer, and screenwriter. He was known for his works in "Dog Day Afternoon", "Cool Hand Luke", "A Star is Born", "Soldier's Girl", and "King of Gypsies". He won an Academy Award in 1975.

He was born on May 12, 1925 in Chappaqua, New York. He studied at Harvard College. He was married to Helene Pierson until his death. He died on July 22, 2012 in his Los Angeles, California home from natural causes, aged 87.

Warren E. Burger

Warren Earl Burger (September 17, 1907 – June 25, 1995) was the 15th Chief Justice of the United States. He was in office from 1969 to 1986. Although Burger had conservative leanings and was considered a strict constructionist, the U.S. Supreme Court delivered many of the transformative decisions on abortion, capital punishment, religious establishment, and school desegregation during his tenure.

Burger was born on September 17, 1907 in Saint Paul, Minnesota and studied at the University of Minnesota and at William Mitchell College of Law. He was married to Elvera Stromberg from 1933 until her death in 1994. They had 2 children, Wade Allen Burger and Margaret Elizabeth Burger. Burger died on June 25, 1995 in Washington, D.C. from heart failure and was buried at the Arlington National Cemetery, aged 87.


Settler

A settler is a person who has migrated to an area and made a permanent home there. Many times the reason is to colonize the area.

Many times in history settlers live on land which used to belong to people who had lived there a long time. These people are known as indigenous people. Other names are natives, Aborigines or, in the Americas, Indians. This land is usually settled against the wishes of the indigenes. It is then controlled, defended and grown by force.


Thames River (Connecticut)

The Thames River, not to be confused with the River Thames, is a short river in the U.S. state of Connecticut. It flows south for through eastern Connecticut. It goes from the joining of the Yantic and Shetucket rivers at Norwich to New London and Groton. The mouth is at the Long Island Sound. 

Two historic forts that are now Connecticut State Parks are on the mouth of the river which forms New London habor. Fort Griswold is on the eastern Groton Heights. Fort Trumbull is on the New London side.

List of U.S. state dances

This is a list of non-official U.S. state dances:

List of U.S. state fossils

Most American states have a state fossil. Many times these were selected in the 1980s. 

Some states do not have a state fossil. 


List of U.S. state minerals, rocks, stones and gemstones

Some American states have made a state mineral, rock, stone or gemstone Not every state has an official state mineral, rock, stone and/or gemstone, however.

In the chart below the year in parentheses are the year when that mineral, rock, stone or gemstone was officially made a State symbol or emblem.

List of U.S. state ships

This is a list of official U.S. state ships.

Ted DiBiase

Theodore Marvin "Ted" DiBiase, Sr. (born January 18, 1954) is a retired professional wrestler, manager, ordained minister and color commentator. He is signed with WWE working in their Legends program. DiBiase achieved championship success in a number of wrestling promotions, holding thirty titles during his professional wrestling career. He is best recalled by mainstream audiences for his time in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), where he wrestled as "The Million Dollar Man" Ted DiBiase.

DiBiase held many championships during his professional wrestling career:













Fundamental rights in the German Constitution

Fundamental rights in the German Constitution () are a set of rights guaranteed to the German people through their Basic Law (). The majority of the fundamental rights are contained in the Articles 1 to 19 of the "Grundgesetz" (GG). These rights are binding each of the country's constitutional institutions. In case the "Grundrechte" are violated and a remedy is denied by other courts, the Basic Law provides for an appeal to the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany ().



Murad Alyan

Murad Alyan (born 7 December 1977) is a Palestinian football player. He has played for Palestine national team.

!Total||9||7

Prime Minister of Romania

The Prime Minister of Romania is the person who controls the government of Romania. He is appointed by the President of Romania.

There are 16 living former Romanian Prime Ministers:
The most recent death of a former Prime Minister of Romania is that of Radu Vasile (1998–1999) on July 3, 2013.

Somebody's Watching Me

"Somebody's Watching Me" is a 1984 hit song performed by Rockwell with Michael Jackson behind the chorus. The song is about a person worried that somebody may be stalking him. This was released in January 1984 and has been performed by or sampled in songs of other musicians.

Valeriu Zgonea

Valeriu Ștefan Zgonea (b. 3 September 1967, Craiova) is a Romanian politician. He was the President of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania from 2012 through 2016.

He is member of PDSR in 30 April 1996.
From 2001 he is vice prime minister of P.S.D. .

Mel Allen

Mel Allen (born Melvin Allen Israel; February 14, 1913 – June 16, 1996) was a sportscaster who was best known for calling games for the New York Yankees. He was also the host of "This Week in Baseball". He started his career as the public address announcer for the Alabama Crimson Tide football before moving to the play-by-play slot. 

Allen was the voice of the Washington Senators before coming the play-by-play announcer for the New York Giants baseball. He called games for Mutual, CBS Radio, NBC, and NBC Radio. After being fired by the Yankees, he called part-time games for the Cleveland Indians and the Milwaukee Braves before the Yankees rehired him again as a TV studio host and play-by-play announcer.

Mel Allen has also called football. He called National Football League games for NBC, the Washington Redskins, and the New York Giants. He called the American Football League's Miami Dolphins as well as college football games for NBC. 

He also called college basketball games for NBC as well as "Jackpot Bowling" before being replaced by Bud Palmer.

Jack Brickhouse

Jack Brickhouse (January 24, 1916 – August 6, 1998) was a sportscaster. He has called games for the baseball New York Giants, Chicago Cubs, Chicago White Sox, Chicago Bears, and the Chicago Bulls. On the national level for NBC, he called games for MLB, college football (where he worked with Mel Allen for the 1952 Rose Bowl), and college basketball games. He also called wrestling matches, boxing matches, and bowling tournaments in his career.

Howard David

Howard David is a longtime sportscaster. He was most recently with the NFL on Westwood One until 2012. He called NBA games for the New Jersey Nets, Milwaukee Bucks, and the Boston Celtics. David called NFL games for the New York Jets and the Miami Dolphins. He called football and basketball for the New York Cosmos and the Princeton Tigers. He called college bowling, college football and college basketball for Mizlou Television. For CBS Radio, he called play-by-play for the NFL on CBS Radio and MLB on CBS Radio. He replaced Jack Buck as lead play-by-play for the NFL on Westwood One until 2002. David returned to Westwood One until 2012. David also called NBA games for ESPN Radio. He is the play-by-play announcer for the UFL on CBS Sports Network and was the play-by-play voice for the NFL on Sports USA.
David calls play-by-play for the United Football League on the CBS Sports Network. He also called two games for MLB on Fox during the 2013 MLB season.

The Wreck of the Zanzibar

The Wreck Of The Zanzibar is a children's novel by Michael Morpurgo. It was first published in Great Britain by William Heinemann Publishers in 1995. The book won the Whitbread Children's Book Award in 1995.

Deșteaptă-te, române!

"Deșteaptă-te, române!" (, meaning "Wake up, Romanians!") is the national anthem of Romania. In the past, it has also been the national anthem of Moldova. This song has been Romania's national anthem since 1990; in the past, Romania had used five other anthems under different governments.

The name of this song was first "Un răsunet" (meaning "An echo"). The words of the song was written by a poet from the region of Transylvania named Andrei Mureșanu during the Wallachian Revolution of 1848. Later that same year, it was published in a Romanian magazine. After hearing about the poem, a composer from the region of Wallachia named Anton Pann made a melody for it. The author Andrei Mureșanu later chose this music for his poem after he asked a church singer named Gheorghe Ucenescu to sing a melody that would fit for his song many times.

It was sung for the first time in the city of Brașov during the liberal and nationalist revolt, then right after, it became the revolutionary anthem of Romania at the time.

In the past, it was the national anthem of the old and short-lived Republic of Moldova from 1991 to 1994 before being replaced with "Limba noastră". Between 1917 and 1918, "Deșteaptă-te, române!" was used as the anthem of the short-lived Moldavian Democratic Republic before the region became part of the Kingdom of Romania.

In the past, Romania had been under various regimes and had used a lot of different anthem. First, "Marș triumfal" was used from 1862 to 1884, when Romania was a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire. Then, "Trăiască Regele" was used when Romania became a monarchy, known as the Kingdom of Romania. Then when communism became a part of life in Romania, the anthems "Zdrobite cătușe", "Te slăvim, Românie!", and "Trei culori" were used, in that order. Finally, after communism in Romania came to and, "Deșteaptă-te, române!" became the country's official national anthem, and has been to this day.

Only the first, second, fourth, and occasionally the last stanza (all highlighted in bold) are considered part of the national anthem.

Israel Defense Forces History Museum

The Israel Defense Forces History Museum (Batei HaOsef) is a museum in Tel Aviv. It shows the history of the Israeli Defense Forces.


Design Museum Holon

Design Museum Holon is the first museum of design in Israel. It was opened in 2010. The museum is in Holon.


Martin Frobisher

Sir Martin Frobisher (1535 or 1539 – 15 November 1594) was an English seaman who made three voyages to the New World to look for the Northwest Passage. All of them landed in what is now northeastern Canada, around Resolution Island and Frobisher Bay.

On his second voyage, Frobisher found what he thought was gold ore and carried 200 tons of it home on three ships since initial assaying determined it to be worth a profit of £5.10 per ton. Encouraged, Frobisher returned to Canada with an even larger fleet and dug several mines around Frobisher Bay. He carted 1,350 tons of the ore back, but after years of smelting, it was realised that both that batch of ore and the earlier one he had taken had been worthless iron pyrite.

As an English privateer/pirate, he collected riches from French ships. He was later knighted for his service in repelling the Spanish Armada in 1588.

René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle

René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle, or Robert de La Salle (November 21, 1643 – March 19, 1687) was a French explorer. He explored the Great Lakes region of the United States and Canada, the Mississippi River, and the Gulf of Mexico. La Salle claimed the entire Mississippi River basin for France.
He was attacked by Joseph-Antoine le Fèbvre, sieur de La Barre, as they were rivals.

[[Category:People from 

Irving Pichel

Irving Pichel (June 24, 1891 – July 13, 1954) was an American movie, television, radio, stage actor, and movie director. He was known for his roles in; "The Most Dangerous Game", "Destination Moon", "Oliver Twist", "Tomorrow is Forever", and "Mr. Peabody and the Mermaid".

Pichel was born on June 24, 1891 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was one of the few actors to be blacklisted. Pichel was married to Violette Wilson. They had three children. Pichel died on July 13, 1954 in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California from heart failure, aged 63.


Stacy Keibler

Stacy Keibler (born October 14, 1979 in Rosedale, Maryland) is an American actor, model and retired professional wrestler. She was best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment where she worked from 2001 to 2006. She also worked with World Championship Wrestling from 1999 to 2001. Keibler is also known for her long legs and was known as "The Legs of WCW" and "The Legs of WWE" when she was a professional wrestler. When she competed on the second season of Dancing with the Stars she was nicknamed "The Weapon of Mass Seduction" because of her long legs. She married Future Ads CEO Jared Pobre on March 8, 2014 at Mexico.

Shikata ga nai

If something happens which is beyond someone's ability to control or affect, a conventional Japanese reaction is to say "shikata ga nai". With this phrase, someone recognizes that a problem exists and then gets on with doing what can be done. 

The phrase is another way to say that it's useless to try to do something.

After the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, "shoganai" was one of the most commonly heard expressions. 



Democratic Liberal Party (Romania)

The Democratic Liberal Party (; PD-L) was a conservative liberal political party in the Romanian parliament. On 26 July 2014, The Democratic Liberal Party formed a alliance with the National Liberal Party , the alliance was named ACL.

Israeli Air Force Museum

The Israeli Air Force Museum is a museum dedicated to the history of the Israeli Air Force. It is located at Hatzerim Airbase near Beer Sheba.


Gaman (term)

"Gaman" is a passive term. It focuses on no complaints in the process of working with others. It contrasts with an active process.

The term "Gaman" first appeared in Japan as a teaching of Zen Buddhism.

After the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, "gaman" was one of the most commonly heard expressions 

"Gaman" is a subject in writings about the Japanese-Americans and others held in United States' internment camps during World War II. In internment camps, "gaman" meant a kind of strength in the face of difficulty or suffering.

The term is used in writings about those who lived were harmed by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami in northern Japan.

"Gaman" is the subject of academic studies.

The word "gaman" is the origin of the corollary concept of "ganbaru".



Jimmy Cefalo

James Carmen Cefalo (born October 6, 1956) is an American sportscaster and newscaster. He formerly played American football as a wide receiver. He was also a game show host. His jobs include these:

Clandestine Immigration and Naval Museum

The Clandestine Immigration and Naval Museum (also called The National Israeli Museum of the Sea) is a museum in Haifa. It covers the history of Israel at sea, starting with clandestine immigration during the British Mandate of Palestine. It also includes the history of the Israeli navy.


Charles Davis

Charles Davis is a former American football player for the Tennessee Volunteers. He currently works as a sportscaster. He tried out for the Dallas Cowboys but was unable to make the team. His sportscasting jobs include these:

Michael Barkann

Michael Barkann (born April 30, 1960) is an American sportscaster. Barkann was born in Jersey City, New Jersey and grew up in East Brunswick. His jobs include these past and present:

Brian Baldinger

Brian Baldinger (born January 7, 1960) is a football analyst and former football player for the Dallas Cowboys, Indianapolis Colts, and Philadelphia Eagles. His jobs include these:


Roxy Bernstein

Allen Samuel "Roxy" Bernstein (born September 25, 1972) is an American sportscaster. He is from Hillsborough, California in the San Francisco Bay Area. His jobs include:


Resident Evil 6

Resident Evil 6 is a survival horror video game made by Capcom for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 game consoles. It's the next game in the "Resident Evil" video game series for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. The demo for Resident Evil 6 received bad reviews from IGN. The actual game itself received mixed reviews from reviewers such as GameSpot, IGN and G4.

Jackie Coogan

John Leslie "Jackie" Coogan (October 26, 1914 – March 1, 1984) was an American movie, television, child, stage, radio, voice, silent movie actor, and comedian. He was known for his roles as The Kid in Charlie Chaplin's "The Kid" and as Uncle Fester in "The Addams Family". A law is named after him in the state of California, "The Coogan Act".

Coogan was born on October 26, 1914 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at the University of Southern California and at the Santa Clara University before he dropped out.

He was married to Betty Grable from 1937 until they divorced in 1939. He was later married to Flower Parry from 1941 until they divorced in 1943. Then he was married to Ann McCormack from 1946 until they divorced in 1951. Finally he was married to Dorothea Lampere from 1952 until his death in 1984.

Coogan has one son with Grable, one daughter with McCormack, and has a son and daughter with Lampere. His grandson is actor Keith Coogan, by his daughter Leslie.

Coogan died on March 1, 1984 in Santa Monica, California from cardiac arrest, aged 69. Coogan was later buried at Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California.


Edward Smith (sea captain)

Edward John "E. J." Smith (27 January 1850 – 15 April 1912) was an English sea captain. He was the captain of the R.M.S Titanic, which sank when it struck an iceberg. Smith was to retire after the maiden voyage of the Titanic, but died when the ship sank.

Smith was born on 27 January 1850 in Hanley, Staffordshire, England. He was married to Sarah Eleanor Pennington from 1887 until his death in 1912. They had one daughter. 

In September 1911, "Titanic"’s sister ship "Olympic" was hit by the HMS "Hawke", but the two ships did not sink. Smith was officially named Edward John. 

In April 1912, Smith took command of the RMS "Titanic." At that time, he was aged 62.

Shortly after 11:40 p.m., Smith was informed by First Officer William Murdoch that the "Titanic" struck the iceberg. Smith knew within minutes that the ship was doomed and that people would die. During the evacuation, Captain Smith did all in his power to prevent panic and did his best to assist in the evacuation; Major Arthur Godfrey Peuchen of the Royal Canadian Yacht Club said "He was doing everything in his power to get women in these boats, and to see that they were lowered properly. I thought he was doing his duty in regard to the lowering of the boats".

Robert Williams Daniel, a first class passenger also said:

Just minutes before the ship started its final plunge, Smith was still busy releasing "Titanic"'s crew from their duties; he went to the Marconi operators room and released Junior Marconi Officer Harold Bride and senior wireless operator John "Jack" Phillips from their duties. He then carried out a final tour of the deck, telling crew members: "Now it's every man for himself." Steward Edward Brown saw the captain approach with a megaphone in his hand. He heard him say "Well boys, do your best for the women and children, and look out for yourselves.” He saw the Captain walk onto the bridge alone, just seconds before the ship started sinking entirely. This was the last reliable sighting of Smith. A few minutes later, Trimmer Samuel Hemming found the bridge apparently empty. The lights went out and the structural failure caused "Titanic" to break in two pieces. 5 minutes later, "Titanic" sunk in the North Atlantic Ocean. 

Smith died that night along with around 1,500 others, and his body was never recovered.

There are conflicting accounts of his death; Some claimed to have seen Smith in the water swimming towards a lifeboat, or near the capsized collapsible lifeboat "B", while others claimed saw shooting himself with a pistol. Other accounts describe him entering the wheelhouse on the bridge and died there when it was engulfed. The actual way Smith died will likely remain uncertain. 

In the 1997 film, “Titanic”, as the musicians stopped playing “Near My God To Thee”, and as the wheelhouse was submerged, the wheelhouse windows shattered from the pressure, and Smith was drowned after he clung to his wheel.

Smith has been played by many actors during documentaries, movies, television series, or plays. The most well known actors to play Smith are George C. Scott and Bernard Hill. 

A large copper statue of the captain was unveiled in July 1914 in Lichfield, England. The location of the statue was criticised at first as Smith had no relation to Lichfield. People of Hansley (the town where he was born) quoted saying they didn't want to be entirely associated to him, as he could be vilified (made to look evil) by press and it would not be a good appearance for the town.



Archibald Gracie IV

Colonel Archibald Gracie IV (January 17, 1859 – December 4, 1912) was an American writer, amateur historian, real estate investor, and survivor of the sinking of the R.M.S Titanic. He survived the sinking by climbing aboard an overturned lifeboat. He wrote a popular book about the disaster which is still in print today.

Gracie was born on January 17, 1859 in Mobile, Alabama and studied at St. Paul's School. He was never married.

Gracie was saved during the sinking of the Titanic when he got onto a lifeboat. Then as the ship started to sink, his life boat was sucked underwater. Gracie and his friend Clinch Smith were under the ship when Gracie was freed from the ship's current and began to swin towards a collapsed lifeboat. His friend Clinch never reached the surface and his remains were never found.

Gracie died on December 4, 1912 from diabetes in New York City, New York, aged 53. He died just 8 months after the sinking, making him the first upper-class Titanic survivor to die. Gracie's last words were "We must get them into the boats. We must get them all into the boats."

John Jacob Astor IV

John Jacob Astor IV (July 13, 1864 – April 15, 1912) was an American businessman, real estate builder, investor, inventor, and writer. He was a lieutenant colonel in the Spanish-American War. 

Astor was born on July 13, 1864 in Rhinebeck, New York. He studied at Harvard University. Astor was married to Ava Lowle Willing from 1891 until they divorced in 1909. He was later married to Madeleine Talmage Force from 1911 until his death in 1912. He had two children with Willing and one before his death with Force. Astor died on April 15, 1912 during the sinking of the Titanic. He was 47 years old.

In James Cameron's "Titanic", he is played by actor Eric Braeden.


Sully Sullenberger

Chesley Burnett "Sully" Sullenberger, III (born January 23, 1951) is an American pilot, diplomat and writer. He was the U.S. Ambassador to the International Civil Aviation Organization from February 3, 2022 to July 1, 2022. He is known for saving US Airways Flight 1549 that successfully landed in the Hudson River in New York City. 

Sullenberger was born on January 23, 1951 in Denison, Texas. He is married to Lorraine Sullenberger. He has two daughters.

A movie about Sullenberger's heroic flight, "Sully" by Clint Eastwood has been released in 2016. Tom Hanks plays Sullenberger.

On June 15, 2021, President Joe Biden announced he would nominate Sullenberger as the U.S. representative to the International Civil Aviation Organization, with the rank of ambassador. On December 2, 2021 his nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate. He resigned on July 1, 2022.


Rodney Dangerfield

Rodney Dangerfield (born Jacob Rodney Cohen, November 22, 1921 – October 5, 2004) was an American comedian, movie, television, stage, radio, voice actor, writer, and singer. He was known for his catchphrase "I don't get no respect!" He was in the movies "Easy Money", "Caddyshack", and "Back to School". He won a Grammy Award.

Dangerfield was born on November 22, 1921 in Babylon, New York. He was married to Joyce Indig from 1949 until they divorced in 1961. They remarried in 1963 and divorced again in 1973. From 1993 until his death in 2004, he was married to Joan Child. He has two children with Indig. Dangerfield died on October 5, 2004 in Westwood, Los Angeles, California from complications from surgery, aged 82.


Whitney embedding theorem

The Whitney embedding theorem is a theorem in differential topology. It is named after Hassler Whitney, an American mathematician. It says that a manifold (or real-life object in space) can be shown on a flat thing like a piece of paper.

Erika Eleniak

Erika Eleniak (September 29, 1969) is an American television and movie actress. She was born in Glendale, California. Her father is from Canada and is of Ukrainian descent. Her mother is of Estonian and German descent. Eleniak has posed for "Playboy". She starred in the television series "Baywatch" and the movie "Under Siege". 

Jim Donovan

Jim Donovan (born July 17, 1956), born James Francis Donovan III, is a sportscaster and newscaster for WKYC-TV. He was the sports anchor for the station before becoming sports director. He is also the radio voice of the Cleveland Browns. He also called Cleveland Indians telecasts. For one season, he called games for the Vermont Reds, an affiliate of the Cincinnati Reds. For SportsTime Ohio, Donovan hosts various Browns shows such as "The Berea Report", "Sunday Strategy", and "Browns Red Zone". He was also sports anchor at WEZF-TV. Donovan also worked at NBC Sports for their coverage of the NFL, 1994 World Cup, and the 1992 Summer Olympics and 1996 Summer Olympics for soccer and swimming.

Eddie Doucette

Eddie Doucette is a former sportscaster. His play-by-play jobs include these:

The History of Middle-earth

The History of Middle-Earth, is a series compound by twelve volumes, published in 1983 to 1996, that analyze the works of J.R.R. Tolkien. The book was edited and compiled by his son, Christopher Tolkien. These books are extremely detailed, Christopher Tolkien wrote the books based the annotations of his father. But some texts continue not published, they continue in the libraries of Bodleian and Marquette University, and in particular hands, like in "Elvish Linguistic Fellowship".

The first five books discuss about the ancient history of The Silmarillion and relational texts. From the sixth to the ninth, the books discuss about the history of Númenor in the formation of The Notion Club Papers. The books ten and eleven back to the Silmarillion, with the "Annals of Beleriand" and the "Annals of Aman". The twelfth book discuss about the creation of Lord of the Rings' appendix.

The books are:


Rich Eisen

Rich Eisen (born June 24, 1969) is a personality with the NFL Network. His jobs include:

Marc Fein

Marc Fein (born October 21, 1967) is a newscaster with KXAS-TV and performed the same role at the Cable News Network in Atlanta. For sports, his jobs include these:

Gayle Gardner

Gayle Gardner is a retired sportscaster who worked with ESPN and NBC.
She was an anchor for "SportsCenter" for three years before NBC hired her. While she worked at NBC, she covered the NFL, Major League Baseball, tennis, college football, and the Olympics.

Gary Gerould

Gary Gerould is a sportscaster currently with the Sacramento Kings and a motorsport pit reporter for ABC and ESPN. He has worked as a pit reporter for NHRA, Indy Racing League, CART/Champ Car, and NASCAR. He also called college football games for ABC. Before working for ABC and ESPN, Gerould worked at NBC Sports covering the 1988 Summer Olympics and called some NFL games for NBC in the 1980s.

Don Gillis

Don Gillis (1922–2008) was a sportscaster. He was sports director/sports anchor at WHDH-TV and WCVB-TV. He has called games for the Boston Red Sox in 1957 when Curt Gowdy was out because of back problems, Boston Bruins, Boston Celtics, Harvard Crimson football, and New England Patriots preseason. He also hosted a candlepin bowling program.

Marty Glickman

Marty Glickman was a sportscaster and sprinter. He hosted pregame/postgame shows for the Brooklyn Dodgers and the New York Yankees and was the race caller for Yonkers Raceway. He called play-by-play for the New York Giants, New York Knicks, New York Rangers, New York Jets, New York Knickerbockers, NBA on SNI, NFL on NBC, NFL on NBC Radio, College Football on PBS, Connecticut Huskies football, Connecticut Huskies basketball, New York Nets, and College Basketball on WPIX-TV play-by-play.

Mike Goldberg

Mike Goldberg (born November 24, 1964) is a sportscaster for the UFC for Fuel TV, FSN, FX, Spike TV, and FOX. Goldberg is a studio host for College Football on FSN as well as calling preseason games for the Arizona Cardinals. He has called NHL games for ESPN, the Phoenix Coyotes, Detroit Red Wings, Vancouver Canucks, and Minnesota Timberwolves. Goldberg also calls play-by-play for the Red Bull Air Race World Series and is a host/play-by-play for "Shaq vs." with Shaquille O'Neal.

Drew Goodman

Drew Ian Goodman (born April 13, 1963) is a sportscaster. His jobs include these:

Jim Gordon

Jim Gordon (February 15, 1927 – February 16, 2003) was a sportscaster who called games for the New York Giants, New York Rangers, and the New York Knicks. He also hosted pregame/postgame shows for the Brooklyn Dodgers in his early career. He also called National Hockey League games for CBS and the original NHL Network. Gordon has also called boxing matches along with college football and basketball games.

Mike Greenberg

Mike Greenberg (born August 6, 1967) is a television personality with ESPN. He has hosted "SportsCenter", "ESPN Radio SportsCenter", and "Mike and Mike in the Morning" with Mike Golic. He also hosted the game show "Duel" on the ABC Network. He worked as a play-by-play announcer, with Golic, on ESPN's coverage of the Arena Football League. From 2007-2009, Golic and Greenberg worked as the #2 announcers for Monday Night Football. They were replaced by Brad Nessler and Trent Dilfer. They continue to anchor "SportsCenter" and host their radio show "Mike and Mike in the Morning". Greenberg was also an anchor on "ESPNEWS".

Greenberg was born in New York City.

Brett Haber

Brett Haber is a sportscaster who works for Tennis Channel and WCBS-TV. He replaced Warner Wolf who was fired in 2004. Haber has done preseason play-by-play and sideline reporting for the New York Jets. He has done other sideline reporting and play-by-play announcing duties for PBR on Versus, UFL on Versus, and college basketball on CBS. He was a substitute studio host for Ernie Johnson Jr. for the NBA on TNT. Before working with WCBS-TV, Haber worked for WNNE-TV, WCAX-TV, WCPO-TV, and WTTG-TV. Haber was also an anchor for "SportsCenter".

Hashima

, also known as or "Battleship Island", is a 1.2-km Japanese island. It is one of 505 uninhabited islands in Nagasaki Prefecture on the island of Kyushu.

The island is on a tentative list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites.

Hashima is a former coal mining site. People lived on the island from 1887 until 1974.

In 1890, Mitsubishi bought the inhabited island to mine coal from undersea tunnels. The company built Japan's first large concrete building. It was nine stories.

This Hashima Island is also known as "The Prison island" or "The island of the Hell", because many teenagers from South Korea forced to work at mines in Hashima Island. When those miners arrived there without knowing that they won't be able to see their homes again, majority of them were 13 years old to 15 years old. They had work under in such a terrible conditions: wearing only under wear to go in the mine also, they never got paid for their work and for their meals, they had to eat the left overs from making bean oil. Only two out of over a hundred of the young workers survived. They said "I could here my friend yelling that they are hungry all the time." and "I want to eat a bowl of rice grown in my country with a bowl of warm soup". These survivors described Hashima Island as "a prison that I am forced to stay without frames" Also, Japan has rapidly said that the young miners volunteered to come so it is not considered as "forced to work". However, the two survivors does not agree with that. Behind the this island of Hashima there is sad truth.

Since 2005, the island has been part of the city of Nagasaki.

Hashima island is near the mouth of Nagasaki harbour. It is about 19 miles from the center of the city.

The island is one of the locations in the 2012 James Bond film "Skyfall".



Mike Hall

Mike Hall (born 1982) is a sportscaster who currently is employed by the Big Ten Network working on college football and basketball games. He is also a Chicago sideline reporter for the NFL on Fox. He also worked for ESPN anchoring "SportsCenter" and called college hockey for ESPN and was an anchor on ESPNEWS.

Karam Gaber

Karam Ibrahim Gaber (, born September 1, 1979, in Alexandria) is an Egyptian Greco-Roman wrestler. He won the gold medal in the Men's Greco-Roman 96 at the 2004 Summer Olympics, and won the silver medal at the 2003 World Championships. At the 2012 London Olympics he won a silver medal.

Khetag Gazyumov

Khetag Gozyumov (born 24 April 1983 in Alagir, North Ossetian ASSR) is an Azerbaijani wrestler of Ossetian origin. He won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.

Sharif Sharifov

Sharif Sharifov (born November 11, 1988 in Makhachkala) is a male wrestler from Azerbaijan of Dagestani origin. Sharifov finished first in the world championship and won bronze in the European championship. In 2012 Summer Olympics Sharif Sharifov won Olympic wrestling gold medal in 84-kilogram freestyle after defeating Puerto Rican Jaime Espinal.

Emin Ahmadov

Emin Ahmadov (born 6 October 1986) is an Azerbaijani wrestler. He won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Greco-Roman men's 74 kg event.

Millionaire (disambiguation)

A millionaire (a female is often called millionairess) is a person whose net worth is at least one million in a high-value unit of currency. It may also refer to:




Jason Elam

Jason Elam (born March 8, 1970) is a retired American football placekicker. He was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the third round of the 1993 NFL Draft. He played college football at Hawaii.

Elam also played for the Atlanta Falcons. He was selected three-times for the Pro Bowl. With the Broncos, Elam won two Super Bowls. He is tied with Tom Dempsey, Sebastian Janikowski, and David Akers for the longest field goal in NFL history at 63 yards.

Ryan Leaf

Ryan David Leaf (born May 15, 1976) is a former American football player. He was a quarterback in the National Football League (NFL) for four seasons. He played for the San Diego Chargers and the Dallas Cowboys between 1998 and 2001. He also played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Seattle Seahawks.

Leaf had a successful college career at Washington State University. He was a finalist for the Heisman Trophy. He was the second overall pick in the 1998 NFL Draft. The first pick was Peyton Manning.

Leaf's professional career was short and interrupted by injuries. During his brief career in the NFL, Leaf was in 25 games and made 21 starts. The sports network ESPN listed Leaf first on their list of the 25 Biggest Sports Flops between 1979-2004.

On March 30, 2012 Leaf was arrested on burglary, theft, and drug charges in his hometown of Great Falls, Montana. Four days later, Leaf was arrested again for the same crimes.

Kordell Stewart

Kordell Stewart (born October 16, 1972) is a American former professional football quarterback. He played parts of 11 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Pittsburgh Steelers, Chicago Bears and Baltimore Ravens. Stewart was drafted out of Colorado by the Pittsburgh Steelers with the 60th pick in the second round of the 1995 NFL Draft.

Stewart retired in 2012, seven years after he played his last NFL game.

Tom Hammond

Tom Hammond (born May 10, 1944 in Lexington, Kentucky) is a sportscaster who works for NBC Sports along with Dan Hicks and Bob Costas.

Hammond is the co-host of Thoroughbred Racing on NBC. 
He also currently calls Notre Dame football games on NBC and Olympic games for NBC as well. 
He is a track-and-field announcer during the Olympics. 

Before his time at NBC, he was the radio voice of the Syracuse Orangemen football and basketball team and called college basketball games for ESPN and Lincoln Financial Sports. 

He was the lead play-by-play announcer for the WNBA on NBC and the AFL on NBC with Pat Haden. Hammond and Haden also teamed up for Notre Dame Football on NBC. Hammond has called NBA games for NBC as well as NFL games for NBC. He also called NFL Wild Card Saturday playoffs for NBC from 2007 through 2012. He is the main play-by-play announcer for NBC's coverage of figure skating. He has called the Orange Bowl and gymnastics for NBC and filled in for Bryant Gumbel on the Thursday Night Football matchup between the Denver Broncos-Houston Texans game pairing with Cris Collinsworth.

Hammond was born and raised in Lexington, Kentucky and continues to live there.

Hammond has criticized "SportsCenter" by calling it a "comedy show". 
He suffered a heart attack in 2002 and missed the Breeders' Cup. NBC colleague Bob Costas took his role as the host.

Merle Harmon

Merle Harmon (born June 21, 1926-died April 15, 2009) was a sportscaster. His play-by-play jobs include these:

Rich Little

Richard Caruthers "Rich" Little (born November 26, 1938) is an American-Canadian comedian, movie, voice, radio, and stage actor. He is known for his impersonations of celebrities and as the first actor to provide the voice for The Pink Panther in "Pink Panther". He has won a Juno Award.

Little was born on November 26, 1938 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.

He was married to Jeanne Worden from 1971 until they divorced in 1989. He had a daughter in 1988, Lyndsay Cottrell from a previous relationship. Then he was married to Jeannette Markey from 1994 until they divorced in 1997. Then he was married to Marie Marotta from 2003 until her death in 2010. He has now been married to Catherine Brown since 2012.

He now lives in Las Vegas, Nevada. He became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 2008.


Jamie Foxx

Eric Marlon Bishop (born December 13, 1967), better known by his stage name Jamie Foxx, is an American movie, television, voice actor, comedian, singer-songwriter, and radio talk show host. He is known for his roles in; "Ray", "Django Unchained", "Law Abiding Citizens", "Horrible Bosses", "The Soloist", "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" and "". He had his own show, "The Jamie Foxx Show".

Foxx is an African American. He was born on January 13, 1967 in Terrell, Texas. He has two daughters, Corinne and Annalise Foxx.


Howard Cosell

Howard William Cosell (March 25, 1918 – April 23, 1995) was an American sports journalist, movie and television actor, and writer. He was known for his sports announcing and for his roles in "Saturday Night Live with Howard Cosell", "Bananas", "Fol-de-Rol", and in "Sleeper". 

Cosell was born on March 25, 1918 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. He studied at New York University and at New York University School of Law. Cosell was married to Mary Edith Abrams from 1944 until her death in 1990. Cosell and Abrams had two children. Cosell died on April 23, 1995 in New York City, New York from heart failure, aged 77.


Gustave Moreau

Gustave Moreau (; 6 April 1826 – 18 April 1898) was a French painter and sculptor. He is one of the most important people of an art movement called Symbolism.

Arkona

Arkona may refer to:

Arkona (band)

Arkona () is a Russian pagan metal band formed in 2002. Their lyrics are influenced by Russian folklore and Slavic mythology. They also use some traditional Russian musical instruments.

The band was formed in February 2002 by two neopagans, Masha Arkhipova and Alexander Korolyov. More members joined, and they recorded their first demo, "Rus", in 2002. After recording the demo, they started to perform live with bands like Butterfly Temple, Pagan Reign, Svarga, and Rossomahaar.

The band broke up in September 2003 because of a lack of enthusiasm from some of the band members. Masha Arkhipova continued to write music, and she presented some of her new work to other bandmates from Nargathrond. The material was released in 2004 in the album, "Vozrozhdeniye". By this time, Sergei Atrashkevich, Ruslan Rosomaherov and Vlad Lyovushkin Sokolov joined the band. Their next album, "Lepta", was released on the same year.

In 2005, the band released the album "Vo slavu velikim!". The album was very diverse in that it had many different types of instruments. It was popular in Russia. The group performed the CD live in 2006, and released the live album "Zhizn vo Slavu". They released their fourth album, "Ot serdtsa k nebu", in 2007.

In 2008, the band performed at the Ragnarök Festival (a festival in Germany that features Viking metal, folk metal and pagan metal acts). The were then signed to the Napalm record label, which reissued their "Ot Serdtsa K Nebu" album and organized a 30-day European tour.

Their fifth album, "Goi, Rode, Goi!", was released on 28 October 2009, and featured 40 guest musicians, including a choir and a string quintet. The album title, "Goi, Rode, Goi", means "Hail, Rod, Hail!" Rod is a Slavic great god, Father of the Universe.

In 2010, the band played in more than 150 concerts all over Europe. One year later, they released their sixth studio album, "Slovo". The album was said to be more complex compared to their previous work. On that same year, they toured the world. They played in Canada, Mexico, United States and other metal festivals in Europe like Hellfest in France, With Full Force in Germany and Metalfest in Austria.

Their 10th anniversary concert was played in Moscow on 11 February 2012, along with other concerts held throughout Russia and Europe. They performed with bands like Dalriada and Darkest Era.

In October 2013, the band toured in the United States.

In January 2014, Arkona announced that drummer Vlad "Artist" Sokolov had left the band. This was their first lineup change in 10 years. Drummer Andrey Ishchenko joined the band as his replacement. In 2014, the released their seventh studio album, "Yav". The album is named after a dimension described in the Slavic pagan Book of Veles.








Throwdown

Throwdown is an American groove metal band from Orange County, California. 









Tuxtla Gutiérrez

Tuxtla Gutiérrez () is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of Chiapas. It is also considered the financial center of the state.

Hohhot

Hohhot, also Huhehot or Huhhot, is the capital of Inner Mongolia. It is the region's administrative, economic, and cultural centre. 


Ordos City

Ordos is a prefecture-level city of Inner Mongolia, China. It is inside the Ordos Loop of the Yellow River. The administrative seat is at Dongsheng. 


Baotou

Baotou is a prefecture-level city in Inner Mongolia, China. The city's Mongolian name means "place with deer". Its Chinese alternate name in is "Lùchéng", meaning "Deer City".


Metalcore

Metalcore is a type of music which mixes the sounds of extreme metal and hardcore punk.


Pagan metal

Pagan metal is a heavy metal subgenre. It blends extreme metal with pre-Christian traditions of a country or region.

Paulo Jr.

Paulo Jr. (born Paulo Xisto Pinto, Jr. on April 30, 1968 in Belo Horizonte, Brazil) is Brazilian bassist. He the only remaining original member of the Brazilian heavy metal band Sepultura.


Andreas Kisser

Andreas Rudolf Kisser (, born August 24, 1968 in São Bernardo do Campo, Brazil) is the lead guitarist for the metal band Sepultura as well as the rock supergroup HAIL!.

Pestilence
Sepultura
Quarteto da Pinga
Sexoturica
Solo albums

Asesino
Astafix
Biohazard
Burning in Hell
Claustrofobia
Korzus
Krusader
Nailbomb
Necromancia
Ratos de Porão
Roadrunner United

John Amos

John Amos, Jr. (born December 27, 1939) is an American movie, television, voice, stage actor, former football player, and comedian. He is known for his role as James Evans, Sr. in "Good Times". 

Amos was born on December 27, 1939 in Newark, New Jersey. He studied at East Orange High School, at Long Beach City College and at Colorado State University. Amos was married to Noel J. Mickelson from 1965 until they divorced in 1975. He was later married to Lillian Lehman from 1978 until they divorced in 1979. He is now married to Elisabete De Sousa. Amos has four children.


Don Ameche

Dominic Felix Amici (May 31, 1908 – December 6, 1993) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor, and comedian. He was known for his roles as Mortimer Duke in "Trading Places" and in "Coming to America" and as Art Selwyn in "Cocoon" and in "". He has won an Academy Award and a Volpi Cup.

Ameche was born on May 31, 1908 in Kenosha, Wisconsin; his father was an Italian immigrant and his mother had an Irish-German ancestry. He studied at Marquette University, at Loras College and the University of Wisconsin. Ameche was married to Honore Prendergast from 1932 until her death in 1986. He had four sons and two daughters. Ameche died on December 6, 1993 in his son's house in Scottsdale, Arizona from prostate cancer, aged 85.


Bannack, Montana

Bannack is a ghost town in Montana. It is now a state park. It has some historic buildings including the two-story school house and Hotel Maede. It is a tourist attraction and landmark of Montana.

Bannack began in 1862 when gold was discovered in the area. It became the first capital of Montana Territory in 1864. There are over 70 buildings and structures still standing.

Ralph Bellamy

Ralph Rexford Bellamy (June 17, 1904 – November 29, 1991) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor, and comedian. He was known for his roles as Randolph Duke in "Trading Places" and in "Coming to America". 

Bellamy was born on June 17, 1904 in Chicago, Illinois. He was married to Alice Delbridge from 1927 until they divorced in 1930. He was later married to Catherine Willard from 1931 until they divorced in 1945. He was then married to Ethel Smith from 1945 until they divorced in 1947. He was married to Alice Murphy from 1949 until his death in 1991. Bellamy died on November 29, 1991 in Santa Monica, California from respiratory failure, aged 87.


United States Hockey Hall of Fame

The United States Hockey Hall of Fame was made in 1973. The goal was to keep the rich history of ice hockey in the United States and to honor the extraordinary contributions of select players, coaches, administrators, officials and teams. It is in Eveleth, Minnesota. 

There is also The United States Hockey Hall of Fame Museum. The museum keeps special items related to American hockey.

The table below shows the members of the Hall of Fame as of 2012. The name shown is how it appears in the United States Hockey Hall of Fame.

Héctor Elizondo

Héctor Elizondo (born December 22, 1936) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Bernard Thompson in "Pretty Woman", Jon Flint in "Beverly Hills Cop III", Joe in "The Princess Diaries" and "The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement" and as Dr. Phillip Watters in "Chicago Hope". He won an Emmy Award in 1997. Recently, he has voiced Commissioner James Gordon in "The Lego Batman Movie" (2017). Since 2011, he has played Ed Alzate on the sitcom Last Man Standing.

Elizondo was born on December 22, 1936 in New York City, New York. He studied at High School of Performing Arts and at City College of New York. He has been married to soap opera actress Carolee Campbell of "The Doctors" since 1969. He has one child.

George P. Shultz

George Pratt Shultz (December 13, 1920 – February 6, 2021) was an American politician, economist, statesman, and businessman. He served as the United States Secretary of Labor from 1969 to 1970, as the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury from 1972 to 1974, and as the U.S. Secretary of State from 1982 to 1989.

Shultz was born on December 13, 1920 in New York City, New York and studied at Princeton University and at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He has been married to Helena O'Brien from 1946 until her death in 1995. He married Charlotte Mailliard in 1997. Shultz has five children.

He and Henry Kissinger were the last surviving members of Nixon's cabinet. Schultz died at age 100 on February 6, 2021, at his home in Stanford, California.


Robert Morse

Robert Alan Morse (May 18, 1931 – April 20, 2022) was an American actor and singer. He was known for his role in the musical and movie of "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying". He was also known for his role as Bertram Cooper in "Mad Men". He won a Drama Desk Award, two Tony Awards, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and an Emmy Award. He also played Dominick Dunne in "" (2016).

Morse was born on May 18, 1931 in Newton, Massachusetts. Morse was married to Carol Ann D'Andreá from 1961 until they divorced in 1981. He later married Elizabeth Robert in 1989. They had five children. He died on April 20, 2022 in Los Angeles, California from heart failure at the age of 90.


Billy Wilder

Billy Wilder (born Samuel Wilder, June 22, 1906 – March 27, 2002) was an Austrian-American filmmaker, artist and journalist. He was known for directing movies such as "Some Like It Hot", "The Apartment", "Sunset Boulevard", "Double Ideminty" and "The Seven Year Itch". He won two Golden Globe Awards and three Academy Awards. Wilder was born in Sucha, Galicia, Austria-Hungary (present-day Sucha Beskidzka, Poland). He was Jewish. He married Judith Coppicus from 1936 to 1946. He married Audrey Young from 1949 to 2002. Wilder has two children. Wilder died of pneumonia in Beverly Hills, California.


Benkei

Benkei or Saitō no Musashibō Benkei (1155–1189) was a warrior monk ("sōhei") who served Minamoto no Yoshitsune. He is shown as a man of great strength and loyalty, in Japanese folklore. He became a monk at an early age. At seventeen, he was over two metres (6.6 feet) tall. Benkei was trained in the naginata or the Japanese halberd.

In a battle at Gojō Bridge in Kyoto, he defeated every warrior who was passing by, and collected their 999 swords. On his 1000th duel, Benkei was defeated by Minamoto no Yoshitsune. He became a retainer of Yoshitsune and fought with him in the Genpei War against the Taira clan. People say it is because of him that the Minamoto clan had successes. In the end, however, both Yoshitsune and Benkei were surrounded in the castle of . Yoshitsune went deeper inside the castle keep to commit suicide (seppuku) according to the samurai tradition, while Benkei fought on at the bridge in front of the main gate to protect Yoshitsune. He killed more than 300 fully trained soldiers. Long before the battle should have been over the hesitant soldiers noticed that Benkei was shot with many arrows, and having many wounds, was standing still. The soldiers dared to investigate, but the giant fell to the ground, because he died while still standing. This is known as the "Standing Death of Benkei" (弁慶の立往生, Benkei no Tachi Ōjō among the Japanese).

Nielson Field

Nielson Field was an airport in the Philippines. It was Asia's first airport. It opened in 1937. It was set up by Laurie Reuben Nielson, a New Zealander. It was converted into a military airbase during World War II. It was built on 42 hectares of swampland. In 1948, it stopped operating and was converted into a business district. Its runways became the main avenues. Its radio or control tower is still standing as a museum. Today this district is the Ayala triangle in Makati City.

Yonaguni monument

The Yonaguni monument is a group of very big underwater rocks. It is off the southern coast of Japan. It was discovered by local divers in the 1980s. The monument has staircase-like terraces with flat sides and sharp corners. Most of academic society believe the rock formation is created by nature. Masaaki Kimura, a professor of earthquakes in the University of the Ryukyus, and some newspaper people believe it is a man-made structure engraved or built 2,000 to 3,000 years ago. The main feature (the "Monument" proper) is a rectangular formation measuring about 150 by 40 m (490 by 130 ft), and about 27 m (90 ft) tall. The top is about 5 m (16 ft) below sea level. Most of its top surface is a complex series of terraces and large wide steps, mostly rectangular, with walls that are almost vertical.

Some of its peculiar details include:

Merchant banker

Merchant banking is a combination of banking and consultancy services. It provides consultancy to its clients for financial, marketing, managerial and legal matters. Consultancy means to provide advice, guidance and service. It helps a business person to start a business. It helps to raise (collect) money. It helps to expand and modernise the business. It helps in restructuring of a business. It helps sick business units. It also helps companies to register, buy and sell stocks at the stock exchange.

Pegomastax

Pegomastax ("strong jaw") is a genus of small heterodontosaur dinosaur discovered in Lower Jurassic rocks in South Africa. It is based on a skull in the Iziko South African Museum in Cape Town. 

It was collected during a 1966–1967 expedition but not named and described until recently. Paul Sereno, who had recognized it as unusual in the 1980s, published a description in 2012. The type species is "P. africana". "Pegomastax" differed from other heterodontosaurs by details of the skull. The lower jaw was robust, with a short beak. Like most other heterodontosaurs, "Pegomastax" had an enlarged canine-like tooth at the beginning of the lower jaw's tooth row, which may have been used for defence. The rest of its teeth were those of a herbivore.

Dom Justo Takayama

Dom Justo Takayama (1552–4 February 1615), also known as , was a Japanese samurai and daimyo. He was a Christian at a time when the religion was not permitted in Japan.

Toyotomi Hideyoshi persecuted Christianity and, in 1587, he made all missionaries and Christians leave Japan. While many daimyo obeyed this order and rejected Catholicism, Justo proclaimed that he would maintain his religion and rather give up his land and property. Justo lived under the protection of his friends for several decades, but following the 1614 prohibition of Christianity by Tokugawa Ieyasu, the ruler of the time, he was made to leave Japan.

On November 8, 1614, together with 300 Japanese Christians he left his home country from Nagasaki. He arrived at Manila on December 21 and was greeted warmly by the Spanish Jesuits and the local Filipinos there. He settled in Plaza Dilao, Paco together with more than 3,000 Japanese who aleady lived there.

When Takayama died in 1615, the Spanish government buried him with a Christian burial with full military honors as a Daimyo. He is the first Daimyo to be
buried in Philippine soil.

There is a statue of Dom Justo Takayama in Plaza Dilao, Manila. Today there is a statue of Justo with a sword and a figure of a crucified Jesus.

In 1994, the Diocese of Tokyo formally petitioned the Vatican to look into whether Takayama should be recognized as a saint.


America's Next Top Model, Cycle 19

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 19, called "College Edition", is the nineteenth installment of "America's Next Top Model". The first broadcast was on August 24, 2012. It is the first cycle that featured social media voting, challenge and judges score, and comeback series. The international destination for this cycle is Kingston, Jamaica. It also is the first cycle that featured an eliminated girl comeback the competition. Laura James from Cambridge won the competition.

Episode 1
"casting episode"

Episode 2

Episode 3

Episode 4

Episode 5

Episode 6

Episode 7

Episode 8

Episode 9

Episode 10

Episode 11

Episode 12

Ages stated are at the time of the contest.
The eliminated girls would have a chance to get back in the competition. It will be revealed on the ninth episode that one of them would be coming back. Leila Goldkuhl re-entered the competition.



Diastema

A diastema is a large gap between teeth. It is a normal feature in many types of land vertebrates, especially mammals. A good example are carnivores like the cat, which has a gap between its canine teeth and its slicing molar teeth. Horses, too, have a diastema between their incisors (which pull the grass) and their molars (which grind it).


Tracey Emin

Tracey Emin (born 3 July 1963) is a British artist. She was born in Croydon, London, to a Romanichal mother and Turkish Cypriot father. She was raised in Margate, Kent. 

She is part of the group known as Britartists or YBAs (Young British Artists).


Melanie

Melanie [ mel-"uh"-nee ] is a name which is of Greek origin. It is derived on the word "melania", which means "blackness". The name only became common in English near the 1930s due to popularity of the novel "Gone with the Wind" and its 1939 movie. One of that book's characters was named Melanie Hamilton. The popularity of "Melanie" increased until 1970s, after which it remained constant. The name was the 80th most prevalent name in the United States for 2007. This name was ranked #129 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Gloria Swanson

Gloria Swanson (Gloria Josephine Mae, March 27, 1899 – April 4, 1983) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio, silent movie actress, singer and movie producer. She played Norma Desmond in "Sunset Boulevard". She won a Golden Globe Award in 1951 and a Saturn Award in 1975. She was known for having an affair with Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr.. Swanson was born in Chicago, Illinois. She studied at Hawthorne Scholastic Academy. She was married six times, having a relationship with Wallace Beery (1916-1919), Herbert K. Somborn (1919-1922), Henri de la Falaise (1925-1930), Michael Farmer (1931-1934), William Davey (1945-1946) and William Dufty (1976-1983). Swanson had three children. She died of heart failure. She was buried at the Episcopal Church of the Heavenly Rest in New York City.


Fred MacMurray

Frederick Martin "Fred" MacMurray (August 30, 1908 – October 21, 2008) was an American movie, television, voice, radio, and stage actor. He was known for his role as Walter Neff in "Double Indemnity". 

MacMurray was born on August 30, 1908 in Kankakee, Illinois. He studied at Carroll University. MacMurray was married to Lillian Lamont from 1936 until her death in 1953. He was married to June Haver from 1954 until his death in 2008. MacMurray had four adopted children. MacMurray died on October 31, 2008 in Santa Monica, California from pneumonia, aged 100.


Josh Brolin

Josh James Brolin (born February 12, 1968) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for his roles in "W.", "No Country for Old Men", "Milk", "True Grit", and in "Men in Black 3".

Brolin was born on February 12, 1968 in Santa Monica, California to James Brolin and to Jane Cameron Agee. He was raised in Corpus Christi, Texas. 

Brolin was married to Alice Adair from 1988 until they divorced in 1992. He has been married to Diane Lane since 2004. Brolin has two children from Adair. Lane filed for divorce in February 2013.


Maxilla

The maxilla is the upper jaw. In mammals it is tightly fused to the skull, but in fish and reptiles it is usually not. In snakes, for example, the maxilla is able to move relative to the rest of the skull, and the jaws can separate entirely to swallow prey.

James Brolin

James Brolin (born Craig Kenneth Bruderlin, July 18, 1940) is an American movie, television, voice, stage actor, movie producer, and movie director. He is known for his roles in "Love, Wedding, Marriage", "Westworld", "Capricorn One", "The Car", and in "The Amityville Horror". He has won a Golden Globe Award and an Emmy Award.

Brolin was born on July 18, 1940 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at University High School. Brolin was married to Jane Cameron Agee from 1966 until they divorced in 1984. Then he was married to Jan Smithers from 1986 until they divorced in 1995. He has been married to Barbra Streisand since 1998. He has three children, including actor Josh Brolin.


Alaaeldin Abouelkassem

Alaaeldin Mohamed El-Sayed Abouelkassem (; born 25 November 1990) is an Egyptian fencer who won a silver medal in the men's foil event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He took up fencing at the age of eight and, in 2008, began fencing globally, winning medals at the African and World Junior Championships, as well as the Junior World Cup, before advancing to the senior level in 2011 and winning bronze at the Fleuret de St-Petersbourg. Later that year he earned gold medals at the 2011 Pan Arab Games in the individual and team foil events before going to the 2012 Summer Games, where he won Egypt's and Africa's first ever Olympic fencing medal.

Richard Donner

Richard Donner (born Richard Donald Schwartzberg, April 24, 1930 – July 5, 2021) was an American movie director, movie producer, and comic book writer. He was known for directing the superhero movie "Superman", "The Goonies", and "Lethal Weapon".

Richard Schwartzberg was born in the Bronx, to Jewish parents, Hattie and Fred Schwartzberg. His father owned a small furniture manufacturing business. He has a sister, Joan. Donner started his career with hopes of acting, but quickly moved into directing commercials and making business films.

Donner died on July 5, 2021 at the age of 91 at his home in West Hollywood, California. The cause of death was heart and respiratory failure caused by atherosclerosis.


County Limerick

County Limerick () is a county of Ireland. County Limerick is in the province of Munster. It is named after the city of Limerick, which is in County Limerick. At the 2011 census, 191,809 people lived in County Limerick.

Munster

Munster () is one of the four historical provinces of Ireland. It is in the south west of Ireland. Cork is the largest city.

Munster is homed to the largest river and County in Ireland.

Munster has six counties, Tipperary, Limerick, Cork, Clare, Waterford and Kerry.

Survey of Israel

Survey of Israel - SOI () is the national Israeli institute of geodesy and map-making. It was founded in 1920 as the Survey of the British Mandate of Palestine. It is in Tel Aviv with branches in Jerusalem, Beer Sheva, Haifa and Nazareth. In 2011 the Israeli government decided to transfer all units into a new building to be built in Jerusalem.


Ed Begley Jr.

Edward James "Ed" Begley, Jr. (born September 16, 1949) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor and environmentalist. He is known for his roles in; "She-Devil", "What's Your Number?", "Whatever Works", and in "Living with Ed". He is also known for his television role in "St. Elsewhere". 

Begley, Jr. was born on September 16, 1949 in Los Angeles, California to Ed Begley, Sr. and to Allene Jeanne Sanders. He studied at Notre Dame High School and at Los Angeles Valley College. He was married to Ingrid Taylor from 1976 until they divorced in 1989. He has now been married to Rachelle Carson since 2000. He has three children. He lives in Los Angeles, California.


John Muir

John Muir (21 April 1838 – 24 December 1914) was an influential Scottish-born American naturalist, author, environmental philosopher, glaciologist, writer, and early advocate of preservation of wilderness in the United States. 

His letters, essays, and books of his adventures in nature, especially in the Sierra Nevada mountains of California, have been read by millions of people. Among his many notable journeys throughout the wilderness, Muir traveled from the Upper Mississippi Basin to the Gulf of Mexico and kept a journal of his travels called "'A Thousand-Mile Walk"'. Muir felt that the national parks and forests needed to be preserved and some resources which should be off-limits to industrial use. His activism helped to preserve the Yosemite Valley, Sequoia National Park and many other wilderness areas throughout the United States. He founded the Sierra Club, now one of the most important conservation organizations in the United States.

In 1867, when he was 29, Muir was temporarily blinded in an accident in an Indianapolis sawmill, when his right cornea was pierced by a stray file.

In 1903, John Muir and the former U.S president Theodore Roosevelt went on a three-night camping trip. This trip later shaped the way president’s thoughts and perceptions towards nature, and in turn, result in policies that were put in place in favour of the preservation of nature. One of such is the Yosemite Recession Bill in 1906, which put Mariposa Grove of Giant Sequoias under federal protection and by extension, part of Yosemite National Park. A total of five national parks, fifty-five national bird sanctuaries and wildlife refuges, 150 national forests were signed into existence throughout Theodore Roosevelt’s presidency, indicative of how John’s passion for nature rubbing off on the former president. 

One of the most well-known hiking trails in the U.S., the John Muir Trail, was named in his honor. Other places named in his honor are Muir Woods National Monument, Muir Beach, John Muir College, Mount Muir, Camp Muir and Muir Glacier. For his outstanding accomplishments in preserving America's environment, he is known to many as the "Father of the National Parks" and "son of the wilderness".


Ed Begley

Edward James "Ed" Begley, Sr. (March 25, 1901 – April 28, 1970) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor. He won an Academy Award and a Tony Award. He was known for his roles in "The Unsinkable Molly Brown", "Billion Dollar Brain", "The Dunwich Horror", "Hang 'Em High", and in "12 Angry Men".

Begley was born on March 25, 1901 in Hartford, Connecticut. He was married to Amanda Huff from 1922 until they divorced in 1957. Then he was married to Dorothy Reeves from 1961 until they divorced in 1963. He was last married to Helen Jordan from 1963 until his death in 1970. Begley died on April 28, 1970 in his Hollywood, California home from a heart attack, aged 69. His son is actor Ed Begley, Jr..


Unmanned aerial vehicle

An unmanned aerial vehicle, often called a drone, is an aircraft that is not operated by a pilot on board.

Drones may have an onboard computer to take care of adjustments to wind and changes in air pressure. Sometimes they are programmed to a particular target. Important decisions are usually supervised by people on the ground communicating by radio.

Large UAVs are mostly used by military forces, for example for reconnaissance. Some of them are programmed to be a target, to be shot at. A few carry weapons for unmanned combat. Drones also have civilian uses, such as firefighting or taking photographs.

Drones come in different sizes. Wingspans range from a few centimetres to about , the size of regular, manned aircraft.

Photographers mount cameras on drones for aerial photography. Google has built and tested drones, for delivery of merchandise. Some people use them in drone racing. Private drones are sometimes called a nuisance, even a danger. In many countries they are forbidden near cities and airports and other things.

There is an industry that makes and sells equipment for automatic tracking and detection of UAVs; There are commercial cameras that can track and detect some activity by UAVS.


Molly Brown

Margaret "Molly" Brown Tobin (July 18, 1867 – October 26, 1932) was an American socialite, philanthropist, and activist. She became famous for surviving the 1912 sinking of the R.M.S Titanic.

Brown was born on July 18, 1867 in Hannibal, Missouri but spent her time in Denver, Colorado. Brown was married to James Joseph Brown from 1886 until his death in 1922. They had two children called Lawrence Palmer Brown, in 1887, and a daughter, Catherine Ellen, followed two years later. Brown died on October 26, 1932 in New York City, New York from a brain tumor, aged 65.


Monte Markham

Monte Markham (born June 21, 1935) is an American movie, television, stage, radio, voice actor, movie producer, and movie director. He is known for his roles in; "One Is a Lonely Number", "Hot Pursuit", "Jack Holborn", and in "Guns of the Magnificent Seven".

Markham was born on June 21, 1935 in Manatee County, Florida. Markham has been married to Klaire Keevil Hester since 1961.

Eddie Albert

Edward Albert "Eddie" Heimberger (April 22, 1906 – May 26, 2005), known professionally as Eddie Albert, was an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor, singer, comedian and activist. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1954 for his role in "Roman Holiday", and then again in 1973 for his role in "The Heartbreak Kid". He is also known for his role in "Green Acres".

Albert was born on April 22, 1906 in Rock Island, Illinois, but was raised in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Albert studied at the University of Minnesota. He was married to Margo Albert from 1945 until her death in 1985. They had two children. Albert died on May 26, 2005 in Pacific Palisades, California from Pneumonia caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 99.


Cristina Iovu

Cristina Iovu (born November 8, 1992 in Chișinău) is a Moldovan weightlifter in the –53 kg division.

Iovu won a gold medal at the 2012 European Weightlifting Championships. At the 2012 London Olympics, Iovu won the bronze medal in the 53 kg event.

Dog fighting

Dog fighting is a blood sport that involves several dogs fighting at one time; sometimes many dogs are involved. The practice of dog fighting goes back to the ancient times. Dog fighting is forbidden in Australia, the United States and Canada. All fifty U.S. States classify dog fighting as a felony and attending a dog fight is not allowed in many US States.

In dog fighting breeds, "gameness" is valued as it gives the dog the ability to maintain the attack in baiting, despite ripped flesh, dehydration, exhaustion or broken bones. As one writer describes it, "Game is the dog that won't quit fighting, the dog that'll die in the ring, the dog that'll fight with two broken legs." Training of a game dog varies depending on the level and experience of the dog-fighter. A famous American "gamebred" breed of dog is the American Pit Bull Terrier. A famous Irish "gamebred" breed of dog is the Kerry Blue Terrier. A famous English "gamebred" breed of dog is the Staffordshire Bull Terrier. A famous Japanese "gamebred" breed of dog is the Tosa Inu. A famous Argentinian "gamebred" breed of dog is the Dogo Argentino.

Patapsco River

The Patapsco River is a river in the state of Maryland in the United States. It is long. The name "Patapsco" comes from the language of the Algonquian tribe of Native Americans. The Alginquian word "pota-psk-ut" means "backwater" or "tide covered with froth."

The river runs through central Maryland and empties into the Chesapeake Bay. The mouth of the river, where it enters the Chesapeake Bay, serves as the city of Baltimore's Inner Harbor. The river has two tributaries. The North Branch runs north. The South Branch runs east and is the northern border of Howard County, Maryland.


Jerusalem Cinematheque

The Jerusalem Cinematheque is a cinematheque and film archive in Jerusalem. It opened in 1973. In 1981, it moved to its present location in Derech Hevron, near the walls of the old city of Jerusalem. The Israeli Film Archive, the national film archive of Israel was moved to the new building at the same time. 


William Conrad

William Conrad (John William Cann Jr., September 27, 1920 – February 11, 1994) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor, movie director, and movie producer. Conrad is known his television role as District Attorney J. L. "Fatman" McCabe in "Jake and the Fatman".

Conrad was born on September 27, 1920 in Louisville, Kentucky. He was married to June Nelson from 1943 until her death in 1977. Then he was married to Tippy Stringer Huntly from 1980 until his death in 1994. He had a son, Christopher by his wife June. Conrad died on February 11, 1994 in Los Angeles, California from heart failure, aged 73.


Tel Aviv Cinematheque

The Tel Aviv Cinematheque is the biggest cinematheque in Israel. It opened in 1989, next to the Israeli Cinema Center. It is also known as the Doron Cinema Center.


Arthur O'Connell

Arthur O'Connell (March 29, 1908 – May 18, 1981) was an American stage, movie, television, voice, and radio actor. He was known for his roles in "Citizen Kane", "Operation Petticoat", "Picnic", "April Love", "Bus Stop", and in "Anatomy of Murder". 

O'Connell was born on March 29, 1908 in New York City, New York. He was married to Ann Hall Dunlop until they divorced in 1973. O'Connell died on May 18, 1981 from Alzheimer's disease in his Los Angeles, California home, aged 73.


The Baltimore Sun

The Baltimore Sun is a newspaper from the U.S. state of Maryland. It is the largest general-circulation newspaper in the state. "The Sun" is printed daily, and it has information and news about local and regional news, events, issues, people, and industries.

The newspaper was started by Arunah Sheperdson Abell, a printer. Abell and two others founded the newspaper on May 17, 1837. The Abell family owned the paper until 1910. In 1911, the Black family was able to get a controlling interest in the paper. In 1986, the newspaper was sold to the Times-Mirror Company of Los Angeles.

"The Sun" is a legacy newspaper. Legacy newspapers in the United States have been doing poorly in recent years. "The Sun" has seen fewer readers and a smaller newsroom. Also a new free daily newspaper, "The Baltimore Examiner", hurt "The Sun"'s business. ("The Examiner" is no longer being printed.) In 2000, the Tribune Company of Chicago bought the Times-Mirror company.

, there were 195,561 people who had the daily edition of "The Sun" delivered. There were 343,552 subscribers to the Sunday edition. On April 29, 2009, the Tribune Company announced that it would lay off 61 of the 205 staff members in the "Sun" newsroom. Starting on October 10, 2011, the news on "The Sun"'s website stopped being available for free.

"The Baltimore Sun" is part of the Baltimore Sun Media Group (BSMG). This group also produces the "b" free daily newspaper and more than 30 other Baltimore metropolitan-area community newspapers, magazines and Web sites. BSMG's content reaches more than one million Baltimore-area readers each week. The group is the region's most widely read source of news.

Lyle Talbot

Lyle Talbot (Lisle Henderson, February 8, 1902 – March 2, 1996) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor. He was known for his television role as James Gordon in the "Batman serials" television series. He is known for his appearance in the movies "Plan 9 from Outer Space", "She Had to Say Yes", "Glen or Glenda", "Atom Man vs. Superman", and in "Murder in the Clouds".


Ian McShane

Ian David McShane (born September 29, 1942) is an English movie, television, stage, voice actor, movie director, movie producer, and comedian. He is known for his roles as Lovejoy in the series of the same name, Tai Lung in "Kung Fu Panda", and Blackbeard in "". He has won a TCA Award and a Golden Globe Award.

McShane was born on September 29, 1942 in Blackburn, Lancashire, England. He studied at Stretford Grammar School. He was married to Suzan Farmer from 1965 until they divorced in 1968. Then he was married to Ruth Post from 1970 until they divorced in 1976. He has been married to Gwen Humble since 1980. He was partners with Sylvia Kristel from 1977 until they split up in 1982. He has two children by Post.


List of cities in Connecticut

These are cities in the U.S. state of Connecticut. Population is from 2020 Census data. Cities with more than 100,000 people are listed in boldface.

Greenwich, Connecticut

Greenwich is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had 63,518 people. It is home to many hedge funds and other financial service companies.

Greenwich is the southernmost and westernmost town in Connecticut. In July 2005, CNN/Money and "Money" magazine listed Greenwich 4th on its list of the 100 Best Places to Live in the United States. "Money" magazine also ranked Greenwich #1 in the "Biggest Earner" category. The town is named after Greenwich, England.

The town of Greenwich was settled in 1640. One of the founders was Elizabeth Fones Winthrop, daughter-in-law of John Winthrop. Winthrop was founder and Governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony. Greenwich was officially made a town on May 11, 1665.

The town has four beaches on Long Island Sound: Greenwich Point, Byram Beach, Island Beach (Little Captain's Island), and Great Captain Island.

The top employers in the city are:

Nerva–Antonine dynasty

The Nerva–Antonine dynasty was a group of seven Roman Emperors who ruled over the Roman Empire from 96 to 192. These Emperors are Nerva, Trajan, Hadrian, Antoninus Pius, Marcus Aurelius, Lucius Verus, and Commodus.

Mount Frissell

Mount Frissell, , is on the border of southwest Massachusetts and northwest Connecticut. It is a prominent peak of the Taconic Range. The peak and northern part of the mountain are in Massachusetts. The southern slope of Mount Frissell is in Connecticut, It rises to the highest elevation in that state, . Bear Mountain, to the east, is the highest mountain summit in Connecticut.

The mountain is in the towns of Mount Washington, Massachusetts and Salisbury, Connecticut. A lot of the land is part of Massachusetts' Mount Washington State Forest and Connecticut's Mount Riga Forest Preserve. Mount Frissell is bordered by Round Mountain to the southeast, Mount Ashley to the north, and Brace Mountain to the west. 


Bear Mountain

Bear Mountain may be:



List of peaks named Bear Mountain

According to the USGS GNIS, the United States has 144 peaks named Bear Mountain:
See Bear Mountain (Alaska) for 10 peaks in Alaska.
See Bear Mountain (California) for 14 peaks in California.
See Bear Mountain (Colorado) for 10 peaks in Colorado.
See Bear Mountain (Maine) for 11 peaks in Maine.
See Bear Mountain (New York) for 11 peaks in New York.
See Bear Mountain (Washington) for 9 peaks in Washington.
Other states with at least one peak named Bear Mountain are: Alabama, Arkansas, Arizona, Connecticut, Georgia, Idaho, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Missouri, Montana, North Carolina, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Texas, Virginia, Vermont and Wyoming.

Bear Mountain (Connecticut)

Bear Mountain, is a prominent peak of the southern Taconic Mountains. It is in the town of Salisbury, Connecticut, in the United States. It is the highest mountain "summit" in the state of Connecticut. The highest "point" in the state is on the south slope of Mount Frissell. 

Bare Mountain

Bare Mountain may be:



Bare Mountain (Massachusetts)

Bare Mountain is a prominent peak of the Holyoke Range in the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts. It is above sea level. It is part of the greater Metacomet Ridge that goes from Long Island Sound almost to the Vermont border. 

Bare Mountain is in the towns of Amherst and South Hadley, Massachusetts. 


Meagher County, Montana

Meagher County (pronounced Marr) is a county in the U.S. state of Montana. As of 2020, there were 1,927 people. Its county seat is White Sulphur Springs. 
The center of population of Montana is also in Meagher County at 

Meagher County was named for Thomas Francis Meagher, territorial governor of Montana.

The first county seat was Diamond City, the main city of the Confederate Gulch mining district. This entire area is no longer part of Meagher County. It is now in neighboring Broadwater County.



Lou Ferrigno

Louis Jude "Lou" Ferrigno (born November 9, 1951) is an American movie, television, voice actor, and bodybuilder. He is known for playing the Hulk in the television series "The Incredible Hulk". 

Ferrigno was born on November 9, 1951 in Brooklyn, New York. He was married to Susan Groff from 1978 until they divorced in 1979. In 1980, he married Carla Ferrigno.


Salisbury, Connecticut

Salisbury is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. The town is the most northwest in the State of Connecticut. The MA-NY-CT (Massachusetts-New York-Connecticut) Tri-State Marker is just on the border of Salisbury. The population was 4,194 at the 2020 census.

Scoville Library in Salisbury was the first in the United States to be open to the public free of charge.

Although the peak of Mount Frissell is in Massachusetts, the south slope of the mountain is in Salisbury. It is the highest point in Connecticut. In Salisbury there are several ponds and six lakes: Wononscopomuc, Washinee, Washining, Wononpakook, Riga Lake and South Pond. The Appalachian Trail runs through Salisbury.

European robin

The European robin ("Erithacus rubecula") is a small bird found in many parts of Europe. In English, this bird is usually just called a robin. In Britain, it is the most popular bird.

The robin is an insectivore: it eats insects. It is a member of the order Passerine which makes it a perching bird. It has an orange-red breast and face, olive-brown wings and back, a white to light-brown belly. You can sometimes see a blue-grey fringe around the bottom part of the robin's red breast patch. European robins have brown legs and their tail is bluntly square. They have large, black eyes and a small black bill.

Some migrate, and some are resident. In the breeding season the red chest of the male gets a bit redder, and they are very territorial. No other male robin is allowed near, and they even fight other birds that come too close. The American and Australian robins are not closely related to this, the original bird to be named ‘robin’.

New London County, Connecticut

New London County is a county in the southeastern corner of the U.S. state of Connecticut. As of 2020, the population was 268,555. The total area of the county is .

The same as all eight of Connecticut's counties, there is no county government and no county seat. In Connecticut, towns are responsible for all local government activities, including fire and rescue, snow removal and schools. In a few cases, neighboring towns will share some resources (e.g., water, gas, etc.). New London County is only a group of towns on a map. It has no governmental authority.

New London County was one of four original counties in Connecticut. They were formed May 10, 1666.



Litchfield Hills

The Litchfield Hills (also known as the Northwest Hills or Northwest Highlands) are a geographic part of the U.S. state of Connecticut. The hills are part of the Appalachian Mountains. It is in the northwestern corner of the state. It closely follows the boundaries of Litchfield County, for which it is named. 

The Litchfield Hills are known for their rural scenery. This is different than central and southern Connecticut, which is largely urban or suburban. This region has a large part of the state's small vineyard and wine industry. Historically, the region was well known for the limestone, iron, and dairy industries.

Falls Village, Connecticut

Falls Village is a village in the town of Canaan, Connecticut. Because Falls Village is the town center in Canaan, the entire town is often called "Falls Village." 

In 1979 the Falls Village District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an historic district. The district is about that were built in the middle of the 19th century. The area was selected as a station stop for the Housatonic Railroad in the early 1830s. It includes 71 buildings.

Windsor Locks, Connecticut

Windsor Locks is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. As of the 2020 census, there were 12,613 people living in the town. It is served by Bradley International Airport. It is also the site of the New England Air Museum. It is beside the Connecticut River.

New Canaan, Connecticut

New Canaan is a wealthy town in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. There were 20,622 people according to the 2020 census.

The town is one of the richest communities in the nation. In 2011, New Canaan was 8th on CNN Money's list of the top-earning towns in the United States.

Bob Crane

Robert Edward "Bob" Crane (July 13, 1928 – June 29, 1978) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor. He was known for his role as Colonel Robert E. Hogan in "Hogan's Heroes". 

Crane was born on July 13, 1928 in Waterbury, Connecticut. During World War II he played in his own jazz band to raise money for war bonds. After the war he changed to classical music and played in the Connecticut Symphony Orchestra. He became a disc jockey in Connecticut, then later Los Angeles. Soon he was the premier morning drive time radio talk show host. Crane interviewed popular celebrities such as Frank Sinatra, Bob Hope and Marilyn Monroe. 

Crane moved to television and played "Dr. Dave Kelsey" on the Donna Reed Show. He guest starred on shows such as the Twilight Zone and the Dick Van Dyke Show. In 1965 Crane finally got his own sitcom, "Hogan's Heroes". It was an immediate success. The series ran for six years. The 180-plus episodes were syndicated and are still being shown today. Crane earned two Emmy nominations for Best Actor in a Comedy Series in 1966 and 1967. When Hogan's Heros was cancelled in 1972 Crane's career slowed down. He began acting in dinner theater productions. In 1975 he returned to television with the Bob Crane show. NBC cancelled it after 13 weeks.

As Col. Hogan, the leader of a Nazi prisoner of war camp group of Allied soldiers, Crane became one of the best-liked comedians on television. Off the set he was just as popular. But he led a double life. Crane seduced uncounted numbers of women. He videotaped the encounters, often without the woman's knowledge. Crane enjoyed watching the film later with friends. One of these was John Carpenter, a video salesman. Sometimes they even shared women.

On June 28, 1978 Crane was in Scottsdale, Arizona appearing in a dinner theatre play called Beginner’s Luck. He was found dead the next day in his apartment . He had been bludgeoned in the head by a camera tripod. The prime suspect, John Carpenter, was finally put on trial in September 1994. He was acquitted for lack of evidence. His murder remains unsolved.

Crane was married to Anne Terzian from 1949 until they divorced in 1970. He was married to Sigrid Valdis, his Hogan's Heroes co-star (Hilda), from 1970 until his death in 1978. Crane was buried in Chatsworth, California in Oakwood Memorial Cemetery. His widow had his remains moved to Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery in 1998. In 2007 she died of lung cancer and is buried next to him.


Chris Farley

Christopher Crosby "Chris" Farley (February 15, 1964 – December 18, 1997) was an American comedian, movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He was known for his comedy work in "Saturday Night Live". 

Farley was born on February 15, 1964 in Madison, Wisconsin. He studied at Marquette University. He never married. Farley died on December 18, 1997 in his Chicago apartment at 875 North Michigan Avenue in Chicago, Illinois from cocaine intoxication and morphine overdose or drug overdose, aged 33.


John Hurt

Sir John Vincent Hurt, CBE (22 January 1940 – 25 January 2017) was an English movie, television, voice, and stage actor. He is known for his roles in "The Elephant Man", "Melancholia", "Immortals", "Alien", "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy", "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone", "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" and for his role as the War Doctor in "Doctor Who". He won a Golden Globe Award and two BAFTA Awards.

Hurt was born on 22 January 1940 in Shirebrook, Derbyshire. Hurt was married to Annette Robertson from 1962 until they divorced in 1964. He was married to Donna Peacock from 1984 until they divorced in 1990. He was married to Jo Dalton from 1990 until they divorced in 1996. He married Ann Rees Meyers in 2005. Hurt had two sons with Dalton.

In June 2015, Hurt announced that he had been diagnosed with early-stage pancreatic cancer. He confirmed that he would continue to work while undergoing treatment, and said that both he and his medical team were "more than optimistic about a satisfactory outcome". Following treatment, Hurt stated that he was in remission on 12 October 2015.

Hurt died on 25 January 2017 from pancreatic cancer in Cromer, Norfolk, three days after his 77th birthday.

Cellulitis

Cellulitis is an infection of the skin, caused by bacteria. Very often, the face is affected. The disease should not be confused with cellulite. Cellulitis is caused by bacteria, usually staphylococcus or streptococcus, which can get through a break in the skin. These breaks can be caused by a wound, cracks in the skin, insect bites, or problems with the bodies immune system. The infection causes the skin to become red, hot and painful. It can also cause a fever. It is usually treated by taking antibiotic drugs.

Hesham Mesbah

Hesham Mesbah (, born March 17, 1982) is an Egyptian judoka. He won a bronze medal in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Egypt's first judo medal in 24 years.

Metalloprotein

A metalloprotein is a protein that contains a metal ion cofactor. A large fraction of all proteins are members of this category, so the number is very large.

It is estimated that about half of all proteins contain a metal. In another estimate, about one-quarter to one-third of all proteins need metals to carry out their functions. Thus, metalloproteins have many different functions in cells, such as enzymes, transport and storage proteins, and signal transduction proteins.

Heme

Heme, or haem (pronounced /hi:m/ "HEEM"), is a precursor to hemoglobin, which is necessary to bind oxygen in the circulatory system. Heme is biosynthesized in both the bone marrow and the liver.

Hemes can do many things, such as catalyse reactions or move chemicals. Hemes are usually bound to proteins, which makes what are called hemoproteins.

Examples of hemoproteins include hemoglobin, myoglobin, leghemoglobin, and cytochrome.

Pernicious anemia

Pernicious anemia is a medical problem that causes a person to have too few red blood cells (anemia) because their intestines cannot absorb vitamin B12 properly. A special protein, called intrinsic factor, helps the body get vitamin B12 from food such as meat, poultry and dairy foods. Intrinsic factor is made by cells in the stomach. If there is not enough intrinsic factor, the small intestine is unable to get the vitamin B12.

There are several causes of pernicious anemia. These include a weakened stomach lining or a problem with the body's immune system, which causes it to attack the intrinsic factor. In some rare cases it can be passed down through families. Treatment is usually a regular injection of vitamin B12.

Intrinsic factor was discovered by Thomas Addison.

Isla Fisher

Isla Fisher (; born 3 February 1976) is an Australian actress, and writer who has been in many movies and television shows. She was born in Muscat, Oman to Scottish parents. She moved to Perth, Western Australia when she was six. She starred in the movie "Wedding Crashers".

Isla Fisher became engaged to Sacha Baron Cohen in 2004. The couple married in 2010. They have two daughters and a son.

Emperor Antoku

Before he became the monarch, his personal name ("imina") was . or Kotohito"-shinnō". He was the son of Emperor Takakura.

Antoku was named Crown Prince at around one month of age. He became emperor at one year of age.


The Taira were defeated; and Antoku died in the sea after the naval battle was lost. Antoku's grandmother drowned herself by jumping into the sea with the young emperor in her arms.

There was a battle by an inland sea (Dan No Ura) on April 24th 1185, between two powerful Japanese clans .( The ruling Heike and another clan called Genji) Each asserted a superior claim to the throne . The Heike were badly outnumbered and out manoeuvered. Antoku`s guardian was his grandmother,( lady Ni) When it became clear the Heike had lost the battle, the boy emperor`s grandmother resolved not to be caught by the enemy alive. " Where are you to take me?" asked the boy emperor. Blinded by tears, the child emperor recited a Buddah prayer, then prayed to the east, then to the west to say farewell to the Buddah. Lady Ni took him in her arms, and with the words: " In the depths of the ocean is our capital." They jumped together into the sea and drowned. Then followed a frenzied mass suicide by the remaining Heike forces. Only 43 Heike survived, all women in waiting. They were reduced to selling flowers and other favours to the local fisher folk. Each year on April 24th a ceremony is held, at a shrine near the scene of the battle, to commemorate the child emperor`s short life.

The story of Emperor Antoku and his mother's family is told in "The Tale of the Heike".

"Amida-ji no misasagi" near Akama Shrine at Shimonoseki in Yamaguchi Prefecture is considered to be Antoku's symbolic tomb.

The years of Antoku's reign reign include more than one era name.


Delphi, Greece

Delphi is a town in Greece. It is a World Heritage Site. It has an archaeological site related to the Oracle of Delphi. The Pythian Games were held in Delphi. Among Delphi's art treasures is the Charioteer of Delphi. 


Brad Garrett

Bradley Henry "Brad" Gerstenfeld (born April 14, 1960) is an American actor, stand-up comedian and professional poker player. He is known for his role as Robert Barone in "Everybody Loves Raymond" and for his movie roles in "Stuart Little 2", "Finding Nemo", "Garfield", "The Amateurs", "The Pacifier", "Night at the Museum", "Tangled", "A Bugs Life", "Ratatouille", and "Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil". He has won two Emmy Awards.

Garrett was born on April 14, 1960 in Oxnard, California. Garrett was married to Jill Diven from 1999 until they divorced in 2006. They had two children.





Ron Perlman

Ron Perlman (born April 13, 1950) is an American actor. He is best known for his work as Hellboy in "Hellboy" and in "". He won a Golden Globe Award in 1988 for his role as Vincent in "Beauty and the Beast" (1987–1990). He was born in New York City, New York. and studied at the University of Minnesota. He has been married to Opal Perlamn since 1981. They have two children.


Alan Young

Alan Young (November 19, 1919 – May 19, 2016) was a British-born Canadian-American actor, comedian, radio host and television host. He is best known for his role as Wilbur Post in "Mister Ed", and as the voice of Scrooge McDuck in many Disney television shows and animated movies. He won an Emmy Award in 1950.

Young was born on November 19, 1919 in North Shields, Northumberland, England. He was raised in Edinburgh, Scotland. He was married to Mary Anne Grimes from 1941 until they divorced in 1947. Then he was married to Virginia McCurdy from 1948 until they divorced in 1995. With Grimes he had two children and with McCurdy he had two. He was then married to his third wife Mary Chipman from 1996 to 1997.

On May 19, 2016, Young died in Woodland Hills, California at the age of 96.

Long Island Sound

The Long Island Sound is an estuary of the Atlantic Ocean. It is in the United States. The US states of Connecticut (to the north) and Long Island, New York (to the south) share it. The Connecticut River at Old Saybrook, Connecticut connects to the sound. To the west, The Bronx and Westchester County, New York connect to the East River. To the east, the Block Island Sound connects to the sound.


The Little Mermaid (1989 movie)

The Little Mermaid is a 1989 American-Danish animated musical fantasy comedy movie produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation. The 28th movie made by the company, it is based on the fairy tale of the same name by Hans Christian Andersen. There is a message that said: "Didn't you all learn from The Land Before Time?

The movie was first released into movie theaters on November 17, 1989 by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Pictures. It was re-released on November 17, 1997. Disney said that there would be a 3D re-release on September 13, 2013. This was cancelled on January 14, 2013 because the other Disney 3D re-releases were not as successful as Disney had hoped they would be.

In January 1990, "The Little Mermaid" had three Academy Award nominations. The movie won two of the awards. They were for Best Song ("Under the Sea") and Best Score. The movie also earned four Golden Globe nominations. It won the awards for Best Song ("Under the Sea") and Best Score.

The movie has a TV show, a , and a , which was the last direct-to-video sequel, because John Lasseter, a person who directed most Pixar movies, was nominated Disney's new chief creative officer. Lasseter also canceled all home video sequels that were in development (e.g.: The Aristocats II). A live-action adaption of the film was released on May 26, 2023.

The movie is about a mermaid princess named Ariel. She and her best friend, a fish named Flounder, explore the ocean looking for human things. They talk to a seagull named Scuttle who explains each thing that they find (but not accurately). Ariel does not like living in the sea and wants to live on land, where people are. One day she sees a ship of people and meets a prince named Eric. She saves his life from drowning. When Ariel's father, King Triton, finds out that she saved a human man from drowning, he destroys all the things she has kept in her grotto. After that, two eels named Flotsam and Jetsam tell her about a seawitch named Ursula. They tell her that Ursula can make her dreams come true. She follows them to Ursula's lair where she has magic potions. She uses her magic to turn Ariel into a human for exactly three days, in exchange for her voice. In order to stay human, she has to kiss Prince Eric, or else she will turn back into a mermaid and belong to Ursula. Eric shows her his palace and helps her adapt. On the second day, Sebastian the crab gathers the other sea animals together and they sing "Kiss the Girl", hoping to make Eric kiss Ariel. The plan almost works, but Flotsam and Jetsam cause the boat to sink. Ursula decides that enough is enough and uses Ariel's voice to turn herself into a beautiful girl named Vanessa. She casts a hypnotic spell on Eric to make him forget about Ariel. The next day, everyone finds out that Eric is getting married, and Ariel is very sad. Scuttle finds out that the girl Eric is marrying is Ursula in disguise. He tells Ariel and manages to create disruption, delaying the wedding. The seashell Ursula is wearing breaks and Ariel's voice comes back. She tries to kiss Eric, but the sun sets and she turns back into a mermaid. Ursula offers to let Ariel go if Triton takes her place. He accepts it and turns into a plant. With help from Sebastian and Flounder, Prince Eric and Ariel defeat Ursula. Ursula dies and all the plants she had turn back into mermaids. Finally King Triton gives Ariel her wish and she is allowed to marry Prince Eric.


Additional voices were provided by Stephen J. Anderson, Tony Anselmo, Robert Bergen, Rodger Bumpass, Cam Clarke, Tim Curry, Baron Davis, Debi Derryberry, Bill Farmer, Jess Harnell, James Earl Jones, Oliver M. Johnston, Phil LaMarr, Sherry Lynn, Danny Mann, Lynn Dolin Mann, Arne B. Markussen, Mona Marshall, Laraine Newman, Kathleen O'Connor, Devika Parikh, Denise Pickering, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Michael Redman, Steve Susskind, Brian Tochi, Joseph Turano, Jim Ward and Robert S. Zwirn.

Jeff Corey

Jeff Corey (Arthur Zwerling; August 10, 1914 – August 16, 2002) was an American stage, voice, movie, television, radio actor, movie director, and teacher. He was known for his role as Luke Benson in "Superman and the Mole Men".

Corey was born on August 10, 1914 in Brooklyn, New York City. Corey was married to Hope Corey from 1938 until his death in 2002. They had three children. Corey died on August 16, 2002 after he fell in his house in Santa Monica, California, aged 88.


William Daniels

William David Daniels or Will Daniels (born March 31, 1927) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for his role as Mr. Braddock in "The Graduate" and as Dr. Mark Craig in "St. Elsewhere". He won Emmy Awards in 1985 and in 1986 for his acting in "St. Elsewhere".

Daniels was born on March 31, 1927 in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Northwestern University. He has been married to Bonnie Bartlett since 1951. They have two children.


Steve Forrest

Steve Forrest (September 29, 1925 – May 18, 2013) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He was known for his role as Lt. Hondo Harrelson in "S.W.A.T.".

Forrest was born William Forrest Andrews in Huntsville, Texas on September 29, 1925. He has been married to Christine Carilas from 1948 until his death in 2013. They had three children. 

Forrest died in Thousand Oaks, California on May 18, 2013 from natural causes, aged 87. He was later buried at Pierce Brothers Valley Oaks Memorial Park Westlake, Los Angeles County, California. 


Chris O'Donnell

Christopher Eugene "Chris" O'Donnell (born June 26, 1970) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for his roles in "", "Batman & Robin", "Batman Forever", "Scent of a Woman", and in "Vertical Limit".

O'Donnell was born on June 26, 1970 in Winnetka, Illinois. He has been married to Caroline Fentress since 1997. They have five children.


Richard Chamberlain

George Richard Chamberlain (born March 31, 1934) is an American movie, television, voice, stage actor, and singer. He is known for his role as Dr. Kildare in "Dr. Kildare". He has won two Golden Globe Awards.

Chamberlain was born on March 31, 1934 in Beverly Hills, California. He studied at Beverly Hills High School and at Pomona College. He was partners with Martin Rabbett from the 1970s through 2010.


Thutmose I

Thutmose I (also known as "Thothmes," "Thutmosis" or "Tuthmosis I", meaning "Thoth-Born") was the third Pharaoh of the 18th dynasty of Ancient Egypt. He became pharaoh after the death of Amenhotep I. During his reign, he sent his armies into the Levant and Nubia, pushing the borders of Egypt further than ever before. He built many temples in Egypt and a tomb for himself in the Valley of the Kings. He is the first king known to have done this, though Amenhotep I may have done it first. He was succeeded by his son Thutmose II, and then his daughter, Hatshepsut. He ruled from 1506 to 1493 BC. Some scholars give his dates from 1526 BC to 1513 BC. This depends on where the astronomical observations used to calculate ancient Egyptian dates were made. If the observations were from the city of Memphis it would give the dates 20 years earlier than if it was Thebes.

Thutmose's father is unknown, but it may have been Amenhotep I. His mother, Senseneb, was not from a royal family and may have been a lesser wife or concubine of Amenhotep. Thutmoses's wife, Queen Ahmose, the Great Royal Wife, was probably the daughter of Ahmose I and the sister of Amenhotep I. There is some doubt, as she was never called a "king's daughter." Some historians believe that she was Thutmose's own sister. Thutmose's first son with Ahmose was Amenmose. He was born long before Thutmose's coronation. He can be seen on a stela from about 1522 BC hunting near Memphis. He became the commander of the army. Amenmose died about the same time as Thutmose. Thutmose had another son, Wadjmose, and two daughters, Hatshepsut and Nefrubity, by Ahmose. Wadjmose died before his father, and Nefrubity died as an infant. Thutmose had a son by another wife, Mutnofret. This son, married to Thutmose's daughter Hatshepsut, succeeded him as Thutmose II. Hatshepsut said that Thutmose gave the kingship to them both. However, this is considered to be propaganda by Hatshepsut's supporters to support her claim to the throne when she later took over power.

During the reign of Amenhotep I, the Egyptians recorded an astronomical event. This was the star Sothis appearing above the horizon at dawn. This is called a heliacal rising. Modern scientists believe that Sothis is the star that we call Sirius. If this observation was made at Thebes, it took place in 1517 BC. From this date, the date of Amenhotep's death, and Thutmose's coronation can be calculated to 1506 BC. But a few historians believe that the observations were made at either Heliopolis or Memphis. This would mean that Thutmose would have been crowned in 1526 BC.

An Egyptian priest, Manetho, writing in the third century BC, said that Thutmose I's reign lasted 12 Years and 9 Months (or 13 Years). This data is supported by two dated inscriptions from Years 8 and 9 of his reign with Thutmoses's cartouche found on a stone block in Karnak. Accordingly, Thutmose is usually said to have ruled from 1506 BC to 1493 BC, but some scholars date him from 1526 BC to 1513 BC

At the time Thutmose became king, Nubia rebelled against Egyptian rule. Thutmose travelled up the Nile with his army and fought in the battle, personally killing the Nubian king. He returned to Thebes with the Nubian king's body hung from the front of his ship. In the third year of his reign he led another expedition against Nubia. He ordered the canal at the first cataract to be made deeper to make it easier to get his ships upstream. The canal had been first built by Sesostris III of the 12th Dynasty. This helped make Nubia part of the Egyptian empire. This expedition is mentioned in two separate inscriptions by the king's son Thure:
In the second year of Thutmose's reign, a stele at Tombos records that he built a fortress there. This is near the third cataract. Before this the Egyptian army had stopped at Buhen, at the second cataract. This stele says that he already fought in Syria. His Syrian campaign may be placed at the beginning of the second year of his rule. The Syrian campaign was the farthest north any Egyptian ruler had ever campaigned. Although it has not been found in modern times, he set up a stele when he crossed the Euphrates River. During this campaign, the Syrian princes declared loyalty to Thutmose. However, after he went back to Egypt, they stopped tribute and began building defences against future attacks. Thutmose celebrated his victories with an elephant hunt in the area of Niy, near Apamea in Syria. He returned to Egypt with strange tales of the Euphrates, "that inverted water which flows upstream when it ought to be flowing downstream." The Euphrates was the first major river which the Egyptians had seen which flowed from the north. This would be downstream on the Nile, instead of the south which was upstream on the Nile. The river became known in Egypt as the "inverted water."

Nubia rebelled against Egyptian rule again in his fourth year. He sent his army even farther south to stop it. An inscription from his reign has been found as far south as Kurgus, which was south of the fourth cataract. During his reign, he began a number of projects which effectively ended Nubian independence for the next 500 years. He enlarged a temple to Sesostris III and Khnum, opposite the Nile from Semna. There are also records of specific religious rites which the viceroy of El-Kab was to have performed in the temples in Nubia for the king. He also appointed a man, Turi, to the position of viceroy of Cush, also known as the "King's Son of Cush." With a civilian representative of the king living in Nubia itself, Nubia did not dare to revolt as often as it had. It was easily controlled by future Egyptian kings.

Thutmose I organized great building projects during his reign, including many temples and tombs. His greatest projects were at the Temple of Karnak under the supervision of the architect Ineni. Before this, Karnak probably consisted only of a long road to a central platform, with a number of shrines for the solar boats along the side of the road. Thutmose had the temple made much bigger. He had a fifth pylon built along the temple's main road. He built a wall around the inner temple and two flagpoles on either side of the gateway. Outside of this, he built a fourth pylon and another enclosing wall. He built a hypostyle hall between pylons four and five. This was made with columns of cedar wood. This was common in ancient Egyptian temples, and supposedly represents a papyrus marsh, an Egyptian symbol of creation. Along the edge of this room he built very large statues, each one alternating wearing the crown of Upper Egypt and the crown of Lower Egypt. Finally, outside of the fourth pylon, he built four more flagpoles and two obelisks. One of them, which now has fallen, was not inscribed until Thutmose III about 50 years later. The cedar columns in Thutmose I's hypostyle hall were replaced with stone columns by Thutmose III, however at least the northernmost two were replaced by Thutmose I himself. Hatshepsut also erected two of her own obelisks inside of Thutmose I's hypostyle hall.

Thutmose I also built statues of the Ennead at Abydos, buildings at Armant, Ombos, el-Hiba, Memphis, and Edfu, as well as minor expansions to buildings in Nubia, at Semna, Buhen, Aniba, and Quban.

Thutmose I was the first king who definitely was buried in the Valley of the Kings. The architect, Ineni, built the tomb, and his mortuary temple. This temple has not been found as it was probably destroyed by the building of Hatshepsut's mortuary temple at Deir el-Bahri.

Thutmose I was buried in a tomb now called KV20 dug high into the cliffs of the Valley of the Kings. His daughter Hatshepsut had the tomb made bigger, with a room big enough for both of their stone coffins (sarcophagus). His grandson, Thutmose III had him reburied in KV38. KV20 was rediscovered during the Napoleonic expedition of 1799. In 1844, the Prussian scholar Karl Richard Lepsius had explored its upper passage. However, many passageways were blocked by rocks, stones and other rubbish brought in during floods. In 1903-1904 Howard Carter, after two years of hard work, was able to clear the passages and enter the double burial chamber. He found broken pottery and shattered stone vessels from the burial chamber and lower passages. He found parts of two vases made for Queen Ahmose Nefertari, which were part of the original funerary equipment of Thutmose I. On one vase was written that Thutmose II "[made it] as his monument to his father." Other vessels which had the names and titles of Thutmose I had also been inscribed by his son and successor, Thutmose II. There were parts of stone vessels made for Hatshepsut before she herself became king which had her royal name of 'Maatkare'.
Carter, however, also discovered two separate coffins in the burial chamber. The beautifully carved sarcophagus of Hatshepsut "was discovered open with no sign of a body, and with the lid lying discarded on the floor." It is now in the Cairo Museum with a matching yellow quartzite canopic chest. A second sarcophagus, was found lying on its side, with its almost undamaged lid propped against the wall. This was given to Theodore M. Davis, who had paid for the excavation. Davis gave it to the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston. The sarcophagus had originally been engraved with the name of "the King of Upper and Lower Egypt, Maatkare Hatshepsut." However, when the sarcophagus was complete, Hatshepsut decided to have a new one made for herself. She used the first sarcophagus for her father, Thutmose I. The stonemasons then tried to erase the original carvings by restoring the surface of the quartzite so that it could be re-carved with the name and titles of Thuthmose I. The sarcophagus is seven feet long and three feet wide with walls five inches thick. It has text carved on it which records Hatshepsut's generosity towards her father:
After Hatshepsut's death, Thutmose III, Hatshepsut's successor, moved his grandfather to a magnificent new tomb, KV38. This had another yellow sarcophagus dedicated to Thutmose I. It was covered with texts which spoke of this pharaoh's love for his dead grandfather. Thutmose I's remains were disturbed during the 20th dynasty when KV38 was robbed. The sarcophagus' lid was broken and all this king's valuable precious jewellery and grave goods were stolen. The original coffin of Thutmose I was taken over and re-used by a later pharaoh of the 21st dynasty. In 1994 a flood refilled KV20 with stones and debris.

Thutmose I's mummy has not yet been identified. He was reburied during 21st dynasty when the bodies of the pharaohs of the 18th and 19th dynasties were rewrapped and buried in the Deir el-Bahri Cache above the Mortuary Temple of Hatshepsut. They were discovered in 1881. The mummies included Ahmose I, Amenhotep I, Thutmose II, Thutmose III, Ramesses I, Seti I, Ramesses II, and Ramesses IX, as well as the 21st dynasty pharaohs Pinedjem I, Pinedjem II, and Siamun. Egyptologist Gaston Maspero, believed that unlabelled mummy #5283 was that of Thutmose I. The face had the same features as the mummies of Thutmose II and Thutmose III. Later research proved that it was an 18th dynasty mummy.

Gaston Maspero wrote:
This mummy can be viewed in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. However, in 2007, Dr. Zahi Hawass announced that the mummy is that of a 30-year-old man who had died as a result of an arrow wound to the chest. Because of the young age of the mummy and the cause of death, it could not be King Thutmose I.

Superclass (biology)

A superclass is a level in the Linnaean taxonomy for biology. Normally the classification of a phylum runs phylum > class > order etc. Sometimes steps are needed between the main terms. A superclass is composed of one or more classes, and ranks below a subphylum. The tetrapods, for example, are part of the subphylum of vertebrates.

Subphylum

A subphylum is a rank in the Linnaean taxonomy of biological groups. Normally the ranks go phylum > class > order etc. However, sometimes extra steps are needed, and if so, a subphylum ranks immediately below a phylum.

Park Cytadela

Park Cytadela (Polish for "citadel") is a largest park in Poznań. It is on the site of the former Fort Winiary (Poznań Fortress).

Vaalbara

Vaalbara is the name of Earth's first supercontinent, in the Archaean era.

Vaalbara started to form about 3,600 million years ago (mya). It formed by about 3,100 mya and broke up by 2,500 mya. The name "Vaalbara" comes from the South African Kaapvaal craton and the West Australian Pilbara craton. These cratons were combined in the Vaalbara supercontinent.

South Africa's Kaapvaal craton and Western Australia's Pilbara craton are two of the best-preserved Archaean cratons on Earth. They have remarkably similar early Precambrian rocks. Identical radiometric ages of 3,470 ±2 mya have been got from rocky material thrown out by meteorite strikes. Similar structures from these two cratons have been dated between 3,500 to 2,700 mya. Similar greenstone belts are found at the edges of the Superior craton of Canada, and across the cratons of the former Gondwana and Laurasia continents.

Palaeomagnetic data from rocks in the cratons showed that at 3,870 mya the two cratons could have been part of the same supercontinent. Both the Pilbara and Kaapvaal cratons show extensional faults which were active about the same time during volcanism at the same time as the impact layers were formed.

Continental plates have periodically collided and assembled in periods of orogeny (mountain building) to form supercontinents. The cycle of supercontinent formation, breakup, dispersal and reformation by plate tectonics occurs every 450 million years or so.


Islam in Niger

Islam in Niger began to spread around a thousand years ago. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Islam became more common than Niger's traditional religions. Since then, Sufi brotherhoods have become the most common and powerful Muslim organisations. This happened in many West African countries.

More than 90% of the people in Niger (or 9 out of every 10 people) are Muslims. Most of the rest of Niger's people are Animists. However, these numbers are not exact. In Niger, many of the people who practice traditional religions have mixed some beliefs from Islam into their religions. Because of this, there are many different ways of understanding and practicing Islam in Niger. So, it is hard to say exactly how many people practice each religion.

The government of Niger is secular, or separate from any religion. At the same time, the government recognizes that Islam is the most popular religion in the country.

Islam in Nigeria

About 85,000,000 Nigerians are Muslims. That is about half of the people of Nigeria. Most of the other people are Christian. Muslims in Nigeria are mostly Sunni in the Maliki school, which is also the Sharia law in the government. However, there is a important Shia minority, mostly in Sokoto State (see Shia in Nigeria). A smaller number of people follow the Ahmadiyya Islam, a reformatory sect that started in India in the 19th century. Pew Forum on religious diversity says that 12% are Shia Muslims while 3% are Ahmadi Muslims.

East India

East India is a region of the Republic of India. It includes the states of Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Orissa and West Bengal. The states of Orissa and West Bengal share some cultural and linguistic characteristics with Bangladesh and with the state of Assam. Together with Bangladesh, West Bengal formed the ethno-linguistic region of Bengal before partition in 1947.

Jack Harris

Jack Harris (born September 18, 1941) is a broadcaster. He is the studio host for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Radio Network and a play-by-play voice for the Tampa Bay Storm and the Outback Bowl. He started doing play-by-play for the South Florida Bulls men's basketball team as well as the Tampa Bay Rowdies. He was sports anchor at WTOG-TV and WFLA-TV where he was host of "Pulse Plus!" on WTVT-TV before WFLA-TV fired Harris.

Frank Herzog

Frank Herzog is a former sportscaster who was the voice of the Washington Redskins. He was also the voice of the Maryland Terrapins football and basketball teams as well as the Washington Bullets. He called college football and basketball games for CBS.

Sind sparrow

The Sind sparrow ("Passer pyrrhonotus"), also known as the Sind jungle sparrow, jungle sparrow, or rufous-backed sparrow, is a passerine bird of the Passeridae sparrow family. 

It lives around the Indus valley region of Pakistan and parts of the Republic of India. Within its Indus valley breeding range in Pakistan and western India, the Sind sparrow lives in wetland habitats with thorny scrub and tall grass.

Jasminum officinale

Jasminum officinale is the common Jasmine. It is in the family Oleaceae.
It is famous for its scent. It is also known as Poet's Jasmine or jessamine.

For thousands of years, the Jasmine has been cultivated not only for the beauty of its small, white, star-like flowers, but also for its intoxicating scent. 

It is native to the foothills of the Western Himalayas and the Indus Valley plains of the Pakistani Punjab. The plant was cultivated and brought to the rest of the Indian subcontinent, China, the Middle East and other regions of Asia. From there, it spread into France, Italy and the Mediterranean, and eventually it was introduced to the rest of Western Europe and Britain. Today, Jasmine is grown and cultivated all over the world in its many varieties. 

Since Jasmine has been cultivated all over the world for its flowers and scent, there are different varieties, and each type of Jasmine is associated with different meanings. In Pakistan, Jasmine is a very common plant and one can find it in any garden. Because of its attractive scent, the white Jasmine symbolizes attachment and represents amiability and modesty; therefore, Jasmine is named as the National flower of Pakistan respectively.

Rodinia

Rodinia, meaning "to give birth", is the name of a supercontinent. It had most or all of Earth's landmass when the Neoproterozoic era began.

Rodinia existed between 1.1 billion and 750 million years ago. It formed from parts of an older and poorly understood supercontinent.

Rodinia broke up in the first period of the Neoproterozoic, the Tonian. Later its continental fragments were re-assembled to form Pangaea 300250 million years ago. In contrast with Pangaea, little is known yet about the exact position and history of Rodinia.

The extreme cooling of the global climate around 700 million years ago (the so-called Snowball Earth of the Cryogenian period) and the rapid evolution of primitive life during the following Ediacaran and Cambrian periods may have been caused by the breaking up of Rodinia.

The break-up of Rodinia is understood better than its formation. Extensive flood basalt flows and volcanic eruptions of Neoproterozoic age are found on most continents. This is evidence for large scale rifting about 750 million years ago. As early as 850 and 800 million years ago, a rift developed, eventually becoming an ocean in the Ediacaran.

In a separate rifting event about 610 million years ago (halfway in the Ediacaran period), the Iapetus Ocean formed. It might be that all continental mass was again joined in one supercontinent between roughly 600 and 550 million years ago. This hypothetical supercontinent is called Pannotia.

Unlike later supercontinents, Rodinia itself was entirely barren. It existed before life colonized dry land. It was before the ozone layer formed, so Rodinia was too exposed to the ultraviolet radiation in sunlight for organisms to live there and leave fossils. However, its existence probably affected the marine life of its time.

In the Cryogenian period, the Earth experienced large glaciations, and temperatures were at least as cool as today. Substantial areas of Rodinia may have been covered by glaciers or the southern polar ice cap.

The eventual rifting of the continents created new oceans, and seafloor spreading, which produces warmer, less-dense oceanic lithosphere. Due to its lower density, hot oceanic lithosphere does not lie so deep as old, cool oceanic lithosphere. In periods with relatively large areas of new lithosphere, the ocean floors come up, causing the sea level to rise. The result was a greater number of shallower seas.

The increased evaporation from the larger water area of the oceans may have increased rainfall, which, in turn, increased the weathering of exposed rock. This increased rainfall may have reduced greenhouse gas levels. When CO level dropped, the period known as Snowball Earth began. Increased volcanic activity also introduced nutrients into the seas. This may have played an important role in the development of the earliest animals.

Vasile Blaga

Vasile Blaga (born 26 July 1956 in Petrileni) is a Romanian politician. He was a Speaker of the Upper Chamber of the Romanian Parliament, the Senate, a former Minister of Regional Development and Housing and twice former Minister of Administration and Internal Affairs.

On 28 November 2011, Blaga was appointed President of the Senate of Romania. He was removed as President of the Senate on July 3, 2012.

104.6 RTL

104.6 RTL is a German radio station. It first aired on 9 September, 1991. It broadcasts in Berlin and is aimed at the 14-49 age group. The studios are at the Kurfürstendamm in Berlin-Charlottenburg. In 2005 the radio channel was awarded the German Radio Award for the best morning show.

List of lost treasures

This is an incomplete list of famous treasures that are currently lost or missing.


Kalisz

Kalisz is city in the central-western part of Poland in Greater Poland Voivodeship. In 2011, 105,386 people lived there.

Konin

Konin is a city in the central-western part of Poland. It is in Greater Poland Voivodeship. In 2011, 78,209 people lived there.

Ole Knapp

Ole Knapp (8 November 1931 – 4 November 2015) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party. He was Minister of Industry from 1990 to 1992.

Okunino

Okunino () is a village in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It is about south-west of Bytów and south-west of Gdańsk (capital city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship). From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Słupsk Voivodeship.


Resusci Anne

Resusci Anne, also known as Rescue Anne, Resusci Annie or CPR Annie, is a training mannequin used for teaching cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR). It is for both emergency workers and members of the general public. Resusci Anne was made by Norwegian toy maker Åsmund Laerdal. It was based on the research of Peter Safar and James Elam. It was first used in 1960. The mannequin is made to be just like the human respiratory system and outer body in order to help training.

Since its first use, several different versions of Resusci Anne have been introduced. These include versions with computer monitoring, and versions that seem like other emergency medical conditions, such as severe wounds and trauma.

Trainees using the original Resusci Anne were expected to approach the mannequin. After getting no response, the trainees then administered CPR to the mannequin. This system was meant to teach trainees that not all victims require CPR. If a victim can respond when asked if okay, the victim does not need CPR.

The face of Resusci Anne was based on "L'Inconnue de la Seine". It was the death mask of an unidentified young woman who may have drowned in the Seine River around the late 1880s.

John Gurdon

Sir John Bertrand Gurdon (JBG) FRS (born 2 October 1933) is a British developmental biologist. He is best known for his pioneering research in nuclear transplantation, and cloning. 

Nuclear transplantation means taking the nucleus out of cells in tissue culture and putting them into other cells whose nucleus has been removed. It is called somatic cell nuclear transfer. In this way, specialised cells can be "reprogrammed" to become like stem cells.

Gurdon was made a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1971, and was knighted in 1995. In 2004, the Wellcome Trust/Cancer Research UK Institute for Cell Biology and Cancer was renamed the Gurdon Institute in his honour. He has also received numerous awards, medals and honorary degrees. He has been awarded the 2009 Albert Lasker Basic Medical Research award. 

In 2012 Gurdon was awarded, jointly with Shinya Yamanaka, the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine ""for the discovery that mature cells can be reprogrammed to become pluripotent"". "Pluripotent" cells are stem cells.

In 1958, Gurdon, then at the University of Oxford, successfully cloned a frog using intact nuclei from the somatic cells of a "Xenopus" tadpole. This was an important extension of work of Briggs and King in 1952 on transplanting nuclei from embryonic blastula cells.

Gurdon’s experiments captured the attention of the scientific community and the tools and techniques he developed for nuclear transfer are still used today.

At that time he could not conclusively show that the transplanted nuclei derived from a fully differentiated cell. This was finally shown in 1975 by a group working at the Basel Institute for Immunology in Switzerland. They transplanted a nucleus from an antibody-producing lymphocyte (proof that it was fully differentiated) into an enucleated egg and got living tadpoles.

Gurdon’s experiments captured the attention of the scientific community and the tools and techniques he developed for nuclear transfer are still used today. The term 'clone' (from the ancient Greek word "κλών" klōn = “twig”) was already in use since the beginning of the 20th century in reference to plants. In 1963 the British biologist J.B.S. Haldane, in describing Gurdon’s results, became one of the first to use the word "clone" in reference to animals.

He was awarded the Lasker Award in 2009 and the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2012.

Gurdon and colleagues also pioneered the use of "Xenopus" eggs to translate microinjected messenger RNA molecules. This technique has been widely used to identify the proteins encoded, and to study their function.

Gurdon's recent research has focused on analysing intercellular signalling factors involved in cell differentiation, and on elucidating the mechanisms involved in reprogramming the nucleus in transplantation experiments, including demethylation of the transplanted DNA.

Viitasoo

Viitasoo is a village in Kõrgessaare Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Mpika District

Mpika District is a district of Zambia in the Northern Province. The capital is Mpika. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 146,196 people.

Lalín

Lalín is a city in Galicia, Spain. It is in the northern part of the province of Pontevedra. Lalín is the capital of the region of Deza.

In 2014, there were 20,103 people living in the city.


Gmina Mysłakowice

Gmina Mysłakowice is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Its seat is the village of Mysłakowice, which is about southeast of Jelenia Góra and west of the regional capital Wrocław.

The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 9,990.

Gmina Mysłakowice is bordered by the towns of Jelenia Góra and Kowary and the gminas of Janowice Wielkie, Kamienna Góra and Podgórzyn.

The gmina contains the villages of Bukowiec, Dąbrowica, Gruszków, Karpniki, Kostrzyca, Krogulec, Łomnica, Mysłakowice, Strużnica and Wojanów.


Bkonni Department

Bkonni is a department of the Tahoua Region in Niger. Its capital is Birni-N'Konni.

Charles Oakley

Charles Oakley (born December 18, 1963) is a retired American NBA basketball player. Oakley played for the Chicago Bulls, New York Knicks, Toronto Raptors, Washington Wizards and Houston Rockets.

John Starks

John Starks is a former player for the New York Knicks.

Rod Steiger

Rodney Stephen "Rod" Steiger (April 14, 1925 – July 9, 2002) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor. He was known for his roles in: "In the Heat of the Night", "On the Waterfront", "The Pawnbroker", "Doctor Zhivago", "Oklahoma!", "A Fistful of Dynamite", and in "Mars Attacks!". He won two BAFTA Awards, one Golden Globe Award, and an Academy Award.

Steiger was born on April 14, 1925 in Westhampton, New York. He studied at the Actor's Studio.

He was married to Sally Gracie from 1952 until they divorced in 1958. Then he was married to Clarie Bloom from 1959 until they divorced in 1969. Thirdly he was married to Sherry Nelson from 1973 until they divorced in 1979. Then he was married to Paula Ellis from 1986 until they divorced in 1997. He was married to Joan Benedict from 2000 until his death in 2002. With Bloom he has a daughter, Anna Steiger. With Ellis he has a son, Michael Steiger.

Steiger died on July 9, 2002 in Los Angeles, California from pneumonia and kidney failure after having gallbladder cancer-related surgery, aged 77. He was later buried at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Hollywood Hills, California.


List of U.S. state birds

This is a list of U.S. state birds. 

Ralph Lauren

Ralph Lauren (born in The Bronx, New York, October 14, 1939) is an American fashion designer and business executive, best known for his Polo Ralph Lauren clothing brand.

Lauren was born on Ocotber 14, 1939 in The Bronx, New York to Russian parents. He studied at Baruch College. He has been married to Ricky Anne Low-Beer since 1964. They have seven children. His son, David, was married to the granddaughter of George H. W. Bush since 2011.

In 2016, Vogue reported that Lauren was to receive an award for Outstanding Achievement at the Fashion Awards- British Fashion Council.


List of U.S. state fish

This is a list of U.S. state fishes:

Robert F. Kennedy Jr.

Robert Francis Kennedy, Jr., (born January 17, 1954) is an American politician, radio host, activist, and attorney in environmental law. He hosted the radio program "Ring of Fire". He is also a vaccine hesitancy activist, and as a result, he frequently promotes misinformation regarding them. Kennedy Jr. is an Independent candidate for President of the United States in the 2024 presidential election.

Kennedy was born on January 17, 1954 in Washington, D.C. to Ethel Skakel Kennedy and Robert F. Kennedy. He is the nephew of John F. Kennedy and Ted Kennedy. Kennedy studied at Harvard University, University of Virginia School of Law, and at Pace University School of Law.

In April 2023, Kennedy announced his plans to run for President of the United States, challenging President Joe Biden for the Democratic nomination in the 2024 election. In October 2023, he withdrew from the Democratic nomination to run as an Independent.

Kennedy was married to Emily Ruth Black from 1982 until they divorced in 1994. He was married to Mary Richardson from 1994 until her death in 2012. He has six children.


Ethel Skakel Kennedy

Ethel Skakel (born April 11, 1928) is an American activist and politician. She is the widow of Robert F. Kennedy. Her son is Robert F. Kennedy, Jr..

Skakel was born on April 11, 1928 in Chicago, Illinois. She studied at Manhattanville College of the Sacred Heart in 1945.

Skakel met Robert while he was dating her sister. On June 17, 1950, Robert and Ethel married in Greenwich, Connecticut. They had eleven children. Two of their children died.

Skakel supported Barack Obama during his 2008 campaign.


Konin (disambiguation)

Konin is a city in central Poland.

Konin may also mean:


List of U.S. state insects

This is a list of U.S. state insects. Forty-one of the fifty United States have selected state insects. 

Sirhan Sirhan

Sirhan Bishara Sirhan (born March 19, 1944) is a Palestinian with Jordanian citizenship. He was born in Jerusalem. He shot and killed U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy on June 6, 1968. He is serving his life sentence in Pleasant Valley State Prison in Coalinga, California.

On August 30, 2019, Sirhan was stabbed multiple times by another prisoner.


Assassination of Robert F. Kennedy

The assassination of Robert F. Kennedy, a United States Senator and brother of assassinated President John F. Kennedy, took place shortly after midnight on June 5, 1968, in Los Angeles after winning his campaign in California. 

Kennedy was shot as he walked through the kitchen of the Ambassador Hotel and died at the Good Samaritan Hospital not less than a day later. Sirhan Sirhan, a 24-year-old Palestinian immigrant, was guilty for Kennedy's murder and is now serving a life sentence for the assassination. As of 2011, Kennedy and Huey Long are the only U.S. Senators to be killed while in office.


 

List of U.S. state mammals

This is a list of official mammals of U.S. states.

Key: Years in parentheses are the year of adoption by the state's legislature.

Minnesota's unofficial state mammal is the eastern timber wolf

List of U.S. state tartans

This is a list of official U.S. state tartans:

Eunice Kennedy Shriver

Eunice Mary Kennedy Shriver, DSG (July 10, 1921 – August 11, 2009) was a member of the Kennedy family, sister of President John F. Kennedy and Senators Robert F. Kennedy and Ted Kennedy.

Kennedy was born on July 10, 1921 in Brookline, Massachusetts to Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. and to Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy. She studied at Manhattanville College and at Stanford University.

Kennedy was married to Sargent Shriver from 1953 until her death in 2009. They had five children. Shriver died on August 11, 2009 in Hyannis, Massachusetts after having a stroke, aged 88. Her husband, Sargent Shriver died on January 18, 2011 in Bethesda, Maryland.



List of U.S. state trees

This is a list of U.S. state trees.

Lists of United States state symbols

The following are lists of U.S. state and territory symbols.






Joseph P. Kennedy Sr.

Joseph Patrick "Joe" Kennedy, Sr. (September 6, 1888 – November 18, 1969) was a prominent American businessman, politician, investor, and government official. He served as the first chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission from 1934 through 1935.

Kennedy was the husband of Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy. Their children included President John F. Kennedy (1917–1963), Senator Robert F. Kennedy (1925–1968), and longtime Senator Ted Kennedy (1932–2009). He served as the first chairman of the Maritime Commission from 1936 through 1938.

Kennedy served as the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom from 1938 until late 1940, including the early part of World War II.

He died on November 18, 1969, two months after his 81st birthday. Joe Kennedy outlived three of his four sons; Ted would die nearly forty years later.

Kennedy was born on September 6, 1888 in Boston, Massachusetts. He was the eldest son of businessman and politician P. J. Kennedy (1858-1929) and Mary Augusta Hickey (1857-1923). He studied at the Boston Latin School and at Harvard College.

In 1914 he married Rose Fitzgerald. They were married until his death in 1969. They had nine children. Kennedy had an affair with Gloria Swanson.

Kennedy died on November 18, 1969 in Hyannis Port, Massachusetts from a stroke, aged 81.


Shinya Yamanaka

Shinya Yamanaka (born 4 September 1962 in Osaka) is a Japanese physician. He received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for 2012 with John Gurdon. He won the Wolf Prize in Medicine in 2011 with Rudolf Jaenisch; and the Millennium Technology Prize in 2012 together with Linus Torvalds.

He researches into adult stem cells. He is director of Center for iPS Cell Research and Application and a professor at the Institute for Frontier Medical Sciences at Kyoto University. He is also a senior investigator at the UCSF-affiliated J. David Gladstone Institutes in San Francisco, California; and a professor of anatomy at University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). Yamanaka is also the current president of the International Society for Stem Cell Research (ISSCR).

In development, embryonic stem cells can turn into any tissue. Fibroblasts in the skin are one type of cell.
In 2006, Yamanaka and his team took adult mouse fibroblasts and turned them back into stem cells in tissue culture. The changed cells are known as 'induced pluripotent stem cells' (iPS cells). iPS cells are like embryonic stem cells from a blastocyst (the embryo a few days after fertilization).

The procedure used transfection of some stem cell-associated genes into the adult fibroblasts. The transfected genes include the master transcriptional regulators. Transfection is typically done with viral vectors, such as retroviruses.

The team could show that the iPS cells were pluripotent (capable of generating all cell lineages of the body). Soon they grew mice which included iPS cells. In 2007, he and his team generated iPS cells from "human" adult fibroblasts, again the first group to do so. The main medical application will be replacement of faulty or damaged tissues in humans. This is not available at present. An independent assessment of this field is available.

United People's Democratic Front

United People's Democratic Front (UPDF) is a regional political party based in the Chittagong Hill Tracts of Bangladesh.

Vallisneria

Vallisneria is a genus of freshwater aquatic plant. It is often called eelgrass, tape grass or vallis. It grows submereged in water. It has thin leaves like a ribbon, which allows water currents to pass through without damaging the leaves.

Blacy, Yonne

Blacy is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.



Nervesa della Battaglia

Nervesa della Battaglia is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about 45 km north of Venice and about 20 km north of Treviso.

Sites include the remains of the Abbey of Sant'Eustachio, near the Piave river, which reached its apex in the 13th century. It was abandoned in 1865, and heavily damaged during the Battle of the Piave River in World War I. Another disappeared convent is the Charterhouse of San Girolamo, located on the Montello hill.


Boreal forest of Canada

Canada's boreal forest comprises about one third of the circumpolar boreal forest that rings the northern hemisphere, mostly north of the 50th parallel.

Tye Went

Tye Went is a hamlet in Edwardstone, Babergh, Suffolk, England.

Denmark at the 1968 Summer Paralympics

Denmark sent a delegation to the 1968 Summer Paralympics in Tel Aviv, Israel from November 4 to 13, 1968. 
Eight athletes from Denmark competed, seven men and one women. The team did not win any medals.

Denmark at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Denmark sent a team for the 1976 Summer Paralympics in Toronto, Canada. Its athletes finished twenty fourth in the overall medal count.

Denmark at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

45 athletes (25 men and 20 women) from Denmark competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. Denmark won no medals.

Adar, Iran

Adar (, also Romanized as Ādār; also known as Adād and Āvār) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District, Avaj District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 388, in 82 families.

Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy

Rose Elizabeth Fitzgerald Kennedy (July 22, 1890 – January 22, 1995) was an American philanthropist and socialite. She was the wife of businessman/politician Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr.. Their nine children included President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, and longtime Senator Ted Kennedy.

Kennedy was born on July 22, 1890 in Boston, Massachusetts.

She studied at Dorchester High School, at the New England Conservatory, at the Wellesley College, and at the Manhattanville College of the Sacred Heart.

On October 7, 1914, she married Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr..
They had 9 children:

She outlived four of her children and her husband.

Kennedy died on January 22, 1995 in Hyannis, Massachusetts from pneumonia, aged 104.

Jack Ruby

Jacob Leon "Jack" Rubenstein (March 25, 1911 – January 3, 1967) was an American criminal. Ruby was born on March 25, 1911 in Chicago, Illinois. On November 24, 1963, Ruby fatally shot Lee Harvey Oswald, who was in police custody after being charged with assassinating U.S. President John F. Kennedy two days earlier. Ruby was convicted of murdering Oswald, but the conviction was overturned. He continued to be held in prison while awaiting retrial. The retrial did not happen because he died on January 3, 1967 at Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas, Texas from lung cancer and a pulmonary embolism, aged 55.

Ruby is buried in Westlawn Cemetery in Norridge, Illinois.


Oliver North

Oliver Laurence North (born October 7, 1943) or Ollie North is a retired United States Marine Corps Lieutenant Colonel, political commentator, television host, military historian, and New York Times best-selling author. He is currently the host of War Stories with Oliver North on Fox News Channel. 

In 2018, North became the President of the National Rifle Association of America (NRA).

North was at the center of national attention during the Iran–Contra affair, a political scandal in the late 1980s during the presidency of Ronald Reagan. Some people say North took the blame and punishment rather than Reagan.

North was born on October 7, 1943 in San Antonio, Texas. North grew up in Philmont, New York. He studied at State University of New York at Brockport. He has been married to Betsy Stuart since 1987.


George Sanders

George Henry Sanders (3 July 1906 – 25 April 1972) was a British actor and singer whose career spanned over 40 years. He was known for his roles in "All About Eve", "Rebecca", and "The Jungle Book". He was also known for his television role as Mr. Freeze in "Batman". His brother was actor Tom Conway. He won an Academy Award.

Sanders was born on 3 July 1906, in Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire to English parents. Sanders was raised in Brighton, Sussex, England. He studied at Brighton College and at Manchester Technical College.

Sanders was married to Susan Larson from 1940 until they divorced in 1949. He was married to Zsa Zsa Gabor from 1949 until they divorced in 1954. Then he was married to Benita Hume from 1959 until they divorced in 1967. He was last married to Magda Gabor from 1970 until they divorced in 1971. He was partners with Lorraine Chanel from 1968 until his death in 1972. He had no children.

Sanders committed suicide using barbiturates on April 25, 1972, in his hotel room in Castelldefels, Barcelona, Spain. His cremated ashes were scattered at the English Channel.


Johnny Gottselig

John Gottselig (24 June 1906 - 15 May 1986) was a professional ice hockey centre that played a combined 16 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks of the NHL.

Gottselig was only the second player born in the Russian Empire to play in the NHL. During his time with the Black Hawks, he won the Stanley Cup two time, once in 1934 and once in 1938. He was named the captain of the Black Hawks during the time that they won their second Stanley Cup. He retired in 1945 and became the coach of the Black Hawks in 1944. This made him the first European-born head coach in NHL history. He was also the Director of Public Relations for the Black Hawks when they won the Stanley Cup in 1961. His name wasn't engraved on the cup but he was included on the team.

Tom Conway

Thomas Charles Sanders ("Tom Conway", September 15, 1904 – April 22, 1967) was an English movie, television, voice, stage, and radio actor. He was known for his roles in "101 Dalmatians", "Peter Pan", "Cat People", "I Walked with a Zombie", and in "The Seventh Victim". He was the older brother of actor George Sanders.

Conway was born on September 15, 1904 in St. Petersburg, Russia to English parents. He was raised in Bringhton, England, and studied at Brighton College. 

He was married to Lillian Eggers from 1941 until they divorced in 1953. Then he was married to Queenie Leonard from 1958 until they divorced in 1963. Conway had no children. 

Conway died on April 22, 1967 in Culver City, California from cirrhosis of the liver, aged 62.


Ciudad Victoria

Ciudad Victoria (), is the capital of the Mexican state of Tamaulipas. It is also the municipal seat of Victoria Municipality.


Magda Gabor

Magdolna "Magda" Gabor (June 11, 1915 – June 6, 1997) was a Hungarian-American movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actress and socialite. She was the elder sister of Zsa Zsa Gabor and Eva Gabor. 

Gabor was born on June 11, 1915 in Budapest, Austria-Hungary. She was married to Jan Bychowski from 1937 until he died in 1944. Then she was married to William Rankin from 1946 until they divorced in 1947. Then she was married to Sidney R. Warren from 1947 until they divorced in 1950. Then she was married to Arthur Gallucci from 1956 until they divorced in 1957. Then she was married to George Sanders from 1970 until they divorced in 1971. She was last married to Tibor Heltai from 1972 until they divorced in 1973. 

Gabor died on June 6, 1997 in Palm Springs, California from renal failure, aged 81. She was later buried at Desert Memorial Park in Cathedral City, California.


Beauty and the Beast (1991 movie)

Beauty and the Beast is a 1991 American-French animated musical fantasy movie produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 30th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series and the third movie of the Disney Renaissance period. The movie is based on the fairy tale "La Belle et la Bête" by Jeanne-Marie Le Prince de Beaumont It is about a prince who is turned into a beast and a young woman named Belle whom he imprisons in his castle. To become a prince again, the Beast must love Belle and win her love in return, or he will remain a Beast forever.

The movie was first released into movie theaters on November 22, 1991. It become very popular. This is the first animated feature that was nominated for an Oscar for Best Picture. A direct-to-video sequel called "" was released in 1997. It was followed in 1998 by another sequel, "Belle's Magical World". An IMAX special edition version of the original movie was released in 2002, with a new five-minute musical sequence included. After the success of the 3D re-release of "The Lion King", the movie returned to theaters in 3D on January 13, 2012. A live-action remake was also released on March 17, 2017.


Other villagers' voices and additional vocals were provided by Charlie Adler, Stephen J. Anderson, Scott Barnes, Bob Bergen, Maureen Brennan, Rodger Bumpass, James Cummins, Margery Daley, Debi Derryberry, Tate Donovan, George Dvorsky, Paul Eiding, Bruce Fifer, Johnson Flucker, Randy Hansen, Jess Harnell, Mary Ann Hart, Alix Korey, Phillis Kubey, Hearndon Lackey, Maurice LaMarche, Danny Mann, Larry Moss, Panchali Null, Wilbur Pauley, Jennifer Perito, Caroline Peyton, Brian Posehn, Cynthia Richards-Hewes, Katherine Ringgold, Stephani Ryan, Frank Oz, Gordon Stanley and Stephen Sturk.


Michael Dorn

Michael Dorn (born December 9, 1952) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is best known for his role as the Klingon Worf in "".

Dorn was born on December 9, 1952 in Luling, Texas. He studied at Pasadena City College.


John O'Hurley

John George O'Hurley (born October 9, 1954) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for his role as J. Peterman in "Seinfeld".

O'Hurley was born on October 9, 1954 in Kittery, Maine. He studied at Kingswood-Oxford School and at Providence College. O'Hurley was married to Eva LaRue from 1992 until they divorced in 1994. He has been married to Lisa Mesloh since 2004. With Mesloh, he has a son.

He was the host of "Family Feud" from 2006 to 2010. He left the show in 2010 and was replaced by Steve Harvey.


Kathy Najimy

Kathy Ann Najimy (born February 6, 1957) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actress who is known for her voice role as Peggy Hill in "King of the Hill".

Najimy was born on February 6, 1957 in San Diego, California. She studied at Como Elementary School. She has been married to Dan Finnerty since 1995. They have a daughter.


Lionel Wilson

Lionel Wilson (Lionel Lazarus Salzer, March 22, 1924 – April 30, 2003) was an American voice, radio, stage, television, and movie actor who is known for his voice role as Eustace Bagge in Courage the Cowardly Dog and for voicing all the characters for popular 1950s animated TV series Tom Terrific.

Arthur Anderson

Arthur Anderson (August 29, 1922 – April 9, 2016) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor. His career began on radio during the early 1930s. Anderson was known for his voice role as Eustace Bagge in "Courage the Cowardly Dog".

Montel Williams

Montel Brian Anthony Williams (born July 3, 1956) is an American movie, television, voice, radio actor, activist, and talk show host who is known for being the host of his own show "The Montel Williams Show". He has won an Emmy Award.

Williams was born on July 3, 1956 in Baltimore, Maryland. He has been married to Rochele See from 1982 until they divorced in 1989. Then he was married to Grace Morley from 1992 until they divorced in 2000. He is now married to Tara Fowler since 2007. With See, he has two children. Then with Morley he has two children.

Rip Taylor

Charles Elmer "Rip" Taylor, Jr. (January 13, 1934 – October 6, 2019) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor, activist, entertainer, and comedian who was known for his roles in "Indecent Proposal", "", "", "Thing Are Tough All Over Again", "Jackass", and in "Alex & Emma". He also hosted a beauty pageant show "The $1.98 Beauty Show" from 1978 to 1980.

Taylor was born on January 13, 1934 in Washington, D.C.. He was inspired by Groucho Marx, Charlie Chaplin, Redd Foxx, and Mickey Rooney. He inspired Dana Snyder. He was openly gay. 

Taylor died of congestive heart failure at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Beverly Hills, California on October 6, 2019 at the age of 85. A week before his death, he had a seizure.


Jack Betts

Jack Richard Nelson Betts (born April 11, 1929) or Hunt Powers is an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor, comedian, and activist. He is known for his roles in "One Damned Day at Dawn Django Meets Sartana", "A Barrel Full of Dollars", "Sugar Colt", "Mockingbird Don't Sing", "The Bloody Brood", and in "Spider-Man"

Betts was born on April 11, 1929 in Miami, Florida. He studied at the Actors Studio.


Julia Sweeney

Julia Sweeney (born October 10, 1959) is an author, movie actress and comedian who also stars on television. She starred in the movies "Pulp Fiction" and "Stuart Little". She also performed on "Saturday Night Live".

Sweeney was born near Spokane, Washington.

HMT Empire Windrush

The Empire Windrush arrived at Tilbury on 22 June 1948, carrying 493 passengers from Jamaica wishing to start a new life in the United Kingdom. The passengers (including one stowaway) were the first large group of West Indian immigrants to the UK after the Second World War.

When the people from the "Windrush" arrived at port, they were faced with discrimination and racism because of the colour of their skin. Some people now call the "Windrush" a new journey for them as they all went through the racism, but in the end, came out just as equal as everyone else.

Before 1948, the ship, under the name of "Monte Rosa", had been used for cruises in pre-war Germany, and then as a German troopship and prisoner transport ship, before being captured by the British and taken as a war prize. She continued to be used as a British troopship after 1948, but sank in the Mediterranean Sea in March 1954 after a sudden and catastrophic fire in her engine room, just off the coast of Algeria.

Cedric the Entertainer

Cedric Antonio Kyles (born April 24, 1964) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor, entertainer, and comedian who is known for his roles in "The Original Kings of Comedy", "The Steve Harvey Show", "Larry Crowne", "Barbershop", "Johnson Family Vacation", "Madagascar", "", "", "Planes", "", and in "Why Him?".

Cedric was born on April 24, 1964 in Jefferson City, Missouri. He has been married to Lorna Wells since 1999. He has two children and a step-daughter.

In September 2013, Cedric became the new host of the syndicated game show "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire". He took over for Meredith Vieira, who has hosted the show since 2002. He left the show after one season of hosting due to his busy schedule, he was replaced by Terry Crews in September 2014.

Craig T. Nelson

Craig Theodore Nelson (born April 4, 1944) is an American actor, who is known for his roles as Hayden Fox in "Coach" and as Mr. Incredible in "The Incredibles". He has won an Emmy Award.

Nelson was born on April 4, 1944 in Spokane, Washington. He studied at the University of Arizona and at Central Washington University. He was married to Robin Nelson until they divorced in 1978. He is now married to Doria Cook since 1987.


JoBeth Williams

Margaret JoBeth Williams (born December 6, 1948) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actress, and movie director. She is known for her roles in "Poltergeist", "The Big Year", "The Big Chill", "", "Kramer vs. Kramer", and in "Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot".

Williams was born on December 6, 1948 in Houston, Texas. Williams studied at Jones High School and at Brown University. She married John Pasquin in 1982. They have two children.


Fridtjof Nansen

Fridtjof Wedel-Jarlsberg Nansen (10 October 1861 – 13 May 1930) was a Norwegian explorer, historian, scientist, diplomat, humanitarian and a Nobel Peace Prize winner. From 1922 to 1927, Nansen was the League of Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.

In his youth a champion skier and ice skater, he led the team that made the first crossing of the Greenland interior in 1888, and won international fame after reaching a record northern latitude of 86°14′ during his North Pole expedition of 1893–96. Although he retired from exploration after his return to Norway, his techniques of polar travel and his innovations in equipment and clothing influenced later Arctic and Antarctic expeditions. 

Nansen studied zoology at the Royal Frederick University, and later worked as a curator at the Bergen Museum where his research on the central nervous system of lower marine creatures earned him a doctorate and helped establish modern theories of neurology. After 1896 his main scientific interest switched to oceanography; in the course of his research he made many scientific cruises, mainly in the North Atlantic, and contributed to the development of modern oceanographic equipment. As one of his country's leading citizens, in 1905 Nansen spoke out for the ending of Norway's union with Sweden, and was instrumental in persuading Prince Charles of Denmark to accept the throne of the newly independent Norway. Between 1906 and 1908 he served as the Norwegian representative in London, where he helped negotiate the Integrity Treaty that guaranteed Norway's independent status.
In the final decade of his life Nansen devoted himself primarily to the League of Nations, following his appointment in 1921 as the League's High Commissioner for Refugees. In 1922 he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work on behalf of the displaced victims of the First World War and related conflicts. Among the initiatives he introduced was the "Nansen passport" for stateless persons, a certificate recognised by more than 50 countries. 

He worked on behalf of refugees until his sudden death from a heart attack in 1930, after which the League established the Nansen International Office for Refugees to ensure that his work continued. This office received the Nobel Peace Prize for 1938. Nansen was honoured by many nations, and his name is commemorated in numerous geographical features, particularly in the polar regions.



Alan Tudyk

Alan Wray Tudyk (born March 16, 1971) is an American actor. He played Hoban "Wash" Washburne in "Firefly", Doc Potter in "" and as Dutch in "". On voice acting, he voiced Lenny in "Ice Age" and other Disney characters in each movies and television.

Tudyk was born in El Paso, Texas. Tudyk was raised in Plano, Texas. He studied at Plane Senior High School, Lon Morris High School, and at the Juilliard School.


Patton Oswalt

Patton Oswalt (born January 27, 1969) is an American actor, comedian and writer. He is known for roles such as Spencer Olchin in "The King Of Queens" and as the voice of Remy in "Ratatouille".

Oswalt was born on January 27, 1969 in Portsmouth, Virginia. He was married to Michelle Eileen McNamara from 2005 until her death in 2016. They have a daughter.


Gerard Butler

Gerard James Butler (born 13 November 1969) is a Scottish movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles in "300", "Law Abiding Citizen", "PS, I Love You", "Dracula 300", "Coriolanus", "Machine Gun Preacher", "How to Train Your Dragon", "Olympus Has Fallen", "London Has Fallen" and Angel Has Fallen.

Butler was born on 13 November 1969 in Paisley, Scotland. Butler was raised in Glasgow, Scotland. He studied at St. Mirin's High School and at Glasgow University. He dated actress Jennifer Aniston for a few months in 2009.

That Darn Cat!

That Darn Cat! is a 1965 American Walt Disney Productions movie starring Hayley Mills. The movie is about bank robbers, a kidnapping, and a mischievous cat.

Joubert syndrome

Joubert syndrome is a genetic birth defect. The cerebellum of people with the disorders is not developed normally. The disorder does not occur very often. Since its first description in 1969, a few hundred cases have been described. It is a ciliopathy. 

Mutations at 21 different loci have been found to cause Joubert syndrome. 

Research has shown that a number of genetic disorders may be related as to their root cause. Joubert syndrome is one such disease. It is a member of a class of diseases called ciliopathies.

The underlying cause of the ciliopathies may be defects in the mechanism of cilia in the cell. Cilia are organelles which are present in many cell types in the body. The cilia defects damage "critical developmental signaling pathways" essential to cell development. This explains the multi-symptom nature of many syndromes and diseases.

Currently about nine ciliopathies are known, including Joubert syndrome.

Joakim Noah

Joakim Simon Noah (born February 25, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls. He started his basketball career in 2004, but played for the Bulls in 2007. He also played in his high school basketball teams at the United Nations International School, at Poly Prep Country Day School, and at The Lawrenceville School. Noah is 6 feet and 11 inches.

Noah was born on February 25, 1985 in New York City, New York to a French father and to a Swedish mother. Noah was raised in the hood.


2012 Anaheim riots

On 21 July 2012, police shot and killed a man, Manuel Diaz, in the Anna Drive neighborhood in Anaheim, California, United States. A riot happened for a few nights.

Anna Drive is a poor neighborhood. It is known for having many criminals, including drug dealers. Manuel Diaz was one of them. He and some of his friends were gathering in an alley and threw heroin on a roof. Police came and chased him through the ghetto. Then they shot him in the buttocks and head. He later died at the hospital.

People started getting angry. They came to Anna Drive and started protesting. Soon most of east Anaheim was fighting police. Trash cans were burnt while people went crazy and broke shop windows. The fourth night was the most violent. Police had to shoot people with fake bullets. Two reporters were hurt.

The mayor had the FBI look at the shooting carefully. Another man, Joel Acevedo, was shot the next day and died too, making it the sixth deadly police shooting in one year. The events also highlighted the divide between the poor west and central parts of Anaheim, where more than half of the population is Hispanic, and the east, where most of the police come from.

Carlos Büsser

Carlos Alberto César Büsser (January 10, 1928 – September 29, 2012) was the commander of the Argentine Forces during Operation Rosario, that took the Falkland Islands in 1982, and forced the surrender of its Governor.

Büsser was born on January 10, 1928 in Rosario, Argentina. Büsser died on September 29, 2012 in Buenos Aires, Argentina from a heart attack, aged 84.

Taj Gibson

Taj Jami Gibson (born June 24, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who is a player for the Chicago Bulls since 2009. He began his career in 2006 when he played for the USC.

Gibson was born on June 24, 1985 in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Telecommunications High School, at Calvary Christian High School, and at the University of Southern California.


Richard Hamilton (basketball)

Richard "Rip" Hamilton (born February 14, 1978) is an American former professional basketball player and current Basketball Analyst for CBS Sports. His career began in 1999 when he played for the Washington Wizards until 2002. Then he played for the Detroit Pistons from 2002 until 2011. Finally, he played for the Chicago Bulls from 2011 to 2013, when he retired.

Hamilton was born on February 14, 1978 in Coatsville, Pennsylvania. He began to play basketball in the Coatsville area.


Mast cell

A mast cell is like a white blood cell (leukocyte) which lives and acts in tissues. It is made in bone marrow, and matures in tissues, where it defends against parasites.

Mast cells have many granules rich in histamine and heparin. Mast cells play an important protective role in wound healing and defence against pathogens. They are a part cause of allergy and anaphylaxis, 

The mast cell is very similar in both appearance and function to the basophil, a type of white blood cell. However, they are not the same. 

Mast cells were first described by Paul Ehrlich in his 1878 doctoral thesis. He noted the large granules visible once they were stained. They are now considered to be part of the immune system. 

Paean

Paean is a song (or expression) of thanksgiving, triumph, healing or praise.

Paean, Paeeon, Paeëon, Paeon, Paian, Paieon, or Paion (from the Ancient Greek Παιάν, Παιήων, or Παιών) may be:




Bonde da Stronda

Bonde da Stronda is an hip hop duo formed in 2006 at Rio de Janeiro, Brazil by Mr. Thug and Léo Stronda. Their music shows the reality of their day-to-day, talking about girls, partying, dating, love and sex. They released their debut album, Nova Era da Stronda, in August 9, 2009.

Bonde da Stronda started in November 2006. It was formed by Mr.Thug (Diego Villanueva), Léo Stronda (Leonardo Schulz), Mc Cot (Marcus Vinicius ) and Mc Night (Patrick Lopes). They started with home recordings and with the independent release of the songs on the internet. They were recognized by the media. Mc Cot left the group in 2007. Soon after in 2008 Mc Night also left. Mc Night was on the album "Stronda Style". Mc Cot was in a few songs but did not come to participate in any album.

In 2009, they did a remake of the 80's "Tic Tic Nervoso" of Kid Vinil. This song was on the soundtrack to the soap opera Malhação. Later in 2009 they released the album "Nova Era da Stronda". In 2011 released the album "A Profecia". On July 4, 2012 released their new work, the mixtape "Corporação".

Critical point (thermodynamics)

A critical point is a point on a phase diagram at which the liquid and gas phases of a substance have the same density, and so are not distinguishable from each other.

Yi Hwang

Yi Hwang (1501–1570) was a Korean Joseon Dynasty Neo-Confucianism philosopher, politician, writer, and poet.

The name he wrote under was Toegye or Toedo. His courtesy name was Gyeongho.

Toegyero, a street in central Seoul, is named after him. His likeness is on the South Korean 1,000 won note.



Impossibilism

Impossibilism is an idea for bringing about socialism. Impossibilism says that socialists should focus only, or at least mostly, on structural changes to society. They should not seek change through social or political reforms, because trying to bring about meaningful change under a capitalist system is pointless.

Some political parties that have followed impossibilism include the Socialist Party of Canada, World Socialist Movement companion parties, Proletarian Party and the Socialist League.


Denmark at the 2012 Summer Olympics

Denmark took part at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. National Olympic Committee and Sports Confederation of Denmark sent the nation's largest delegation to the Games, after the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. A total of 113 athletes, 63 men and 50 women, competed in 17 sports, although two other athletes played as team reserves. Handball was the only sport in a team in which Denmark took part in these Olympic games.

The Danish team included several past Olympic champions, one of them defending (the men's lightweight coxless fours team, led by veteran rowers Eskild Ebbesen and Morten Jørgensen). Notable athletes featured tennis player Caroline Wozniacki, and swimmer Lotte Friis, who won the bronze medal in Beijing. Kim Wraae Knudsen, silver medalist in the men's sprint kayak doubles in Beijing, was the nation's flag bearer at the opening ceremony.

Team Danmark and the Danish Sports' Union ("Dansk Idræts-Forbund", DIF) set a goal of eight medals to be targeted in the medal standings. Team Danmark and DIF also believed Denmark had the best chances of winning a medal in wrestling, shooting, cycling, handball, the equestrian events, rowing, athletics, badminton and sailing. At the end of the Games, Denmark has reached beyond the medal target by a single point.

Denmark left London with a total of 9 medals (2 gold, 4 silver, and 3 bronze), being considered its most successful Olympics after 64 years. One gold medal were won by rowers Rasmus Quist and Mads Rasmussen in the men's lightweight double sculls, and one gold medal won by track cyclist Lasse Norman Hansen in the first ever men's omnium. Other medals were awarded to the team in sailing, shooting, badminton, and women's rowing. Several Danish athletes, however, nearly missed out of the medal standings in their sporting events, including two from Greco-Roman wrestling.

The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games:

Three Danish individual quota places as well as a team quota place were secured at the 2011 World Archery Championships on 6 June 2011, as the Danish team, consisting of Carina Christiansen, Maja Jager and Louise Laursen, finished 8th in the women's recurve event. The same three archers were selected for participation by the NOC on 14 May 2012.

Danish athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event at the 'A' Standard, and 1 at the 'B' Standard):


The BWF World Ranking of 1 May 2012 was used for the qualifying for the badminton tournament. This gave Denmark the following quota places: 2 in men's singles, 1 in men's doubles, 1 in women's singles, 1 in women's doubles and 2 in mixed doubles. Nine players were selected on 14 May 2012.

Denmark qualified in the following event with one qualifier.

Denmark has qualified boats for the following events in the sprint discipline of the canoeing sport. No Danish canoeists competed in the slalom discipline.

Denmark has qualified cyclists in all 4 disciplines in the cycling sport.

Denmark has qualified one team and three individual quota places to the dressage discipline in the Equestrian sport after finishing in sixth place at the 2011 European Dressage Championship. No Danish riders compete in the two other disciplines.

Denmark qualified one male athlete in trampolining. No Danish gymnasts competed in the other two disciplines of the gymnastics sport.

The men's team qualified for the Olympics by winning the 2012 European Men's Handball Championship. The women's team qualified through the World Qualification Tournament. This was the first ever Olympics where both the Danish men's and women's handball teams were present. The men's squad was announced on 29 May 2012 with the reserve determined one month later, and the women's squad was announced on 2 July 2012.



Denmark has qualified boats for the following events


Each NOC could only enter one boat at each event, and Denmark qualified to enter a boat in eight out of the ten events only missing Women's RS-X and Men's 470. Which means that Danish sailors competed in all eight Olympic boat types.


Denmark have qualified for five places is shooting events; athletes in brackets secured the quota place.

Danish swimmers achieved qualifying standards in the following events before the games started (up to a maximum of two swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially one at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):

Pál Joensen usually competes for the Faroe Islands, but since these don't have their own NOC, he competes under the Danish flag.

Three Danish athletes qualified for the table tennis event. In the men's singles, Michael Maze qualified by virtue of his ranking, while Allan Bentsen qualified through the final qualification tournament. Mie Skov qualified for the women's singles event after her performance at the European qualification tournament.

Denmark has qualified the following athletes.

Denmark has qualified in the following events.

Diving at the 2012 Summer Olympics

The diving competitions at the 2012 Olympic Games in London took place from 29 July to 11 August at the Aquatics Centre in the Olympic Park. It was one of four aquatic sports at the Games, along with swimming, water polo and synchronised swimming.

The 2012 Games had competitions in eight events (men and women events each of): 3m springboard, synchronised 3m springboard, 10m platform, and synchronised 10m platform.

The diving had 136 athletes representing 25 countries. All divers must be at least 14 years old on or by 31 December 2012.

China was the most successful nation, topping the medal table with six golds and ten in total.

A nation could have no more than 16 divers qualify (up to eight males and eight females) and could enter up to two divers in individual events and one pair in synchronised events.

For the individual diving events, qualifiers were:

For the synchronised events (pairs), qualifiers were:

Note: Qualifying spots go to the nation – they are not tied to the individual diver who achieved the place/finish at the qualifying event. However, an individual diver may only qualify one spot for their nation.

Twenty-five nations competed in diving at the 2012 Olympics:

Petén Department

Petén is a department of the nation of Guatemala. It is geographically the most northern department of Guatemala. It is also the largest in size — at . It is about one third of Guatemala's area. The capital is Flores. The population in 2005 was about 450,000.

The Petén department was formed by the Guatemalan government on 8 May 1866.

The Petén department is bordered on the east by Belize and by Mexico on the north and west. To the south it borders the Guatemalan departments of Alta Verapaz and Izabal. Much of the western border with Mexico is formed by the Usumacinta River and its tributary the Salinas River. Parts of the southern border of the department are formed by the rivers Gracias a Dios and Santa Isabel.

The main bodies of water in the department are the lakes Petén Itzá, Peténchel, Quexil, Salpetén and Macanche in the centre of the department; Yaxhá and Sacnab in the east, Petexbatún in the southwest, and Perdida, Larga, La Gloria, San Diego, Mendoza, El Repasto and Lacandón in the west.


Paean (god)

In Greek mythology, Paean (Paeëon or Paeon) was the Greek doctor of the gods.

In the "Iliad", book 5, the Olympian god of war Ares is wounded by mortal hero Diomedes. Ares is to Olympus in a hurry, where Paeon applies medicine that gave an instant relief. Hades too was helped by Paeon when he was shot with an arrow by Heracles.

Hesiod says Paeon is an individual god and not a group of people.

In time, Paeon (more usually spelled Paean) became a name used for Apollo. This is because Apollo was able to bring disease. Later, Paeon became a name used for Asclepius, the healer-god.


Paion

Paion is a former municipality in Achaea, West Greece, Greece. In 2001 there were 2,579 people. The municipality was formed after the Greek War of Independence and was ended in 1912. It was recreated in 1998 under the Capodistrian Plan. Since 2011 it has been part of the municipality Kalavryta.

List of books by Stephen King

This is a complete list of books published by Stephen King. Page counts are from first editions.

Money, Money, Money

"Money Money Money" is an ABBA single. The song was released in November 1976. It was the follow up to "Dancing Queen". This hit song has been redone and sung by many other musicians.

Thinking of You

Thinking of You may be:


Robin Hood (1973 movie)

Robin Hood is a 1973 American animated musical adventure comedy movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was first released in the United States on November 8, 1973.

It is the 21st Disney animated movie. It is based on the legend of Robin Hood, but uses anthropomorphic animals instead of people. The story follows the adventures of Robin Hood, Little John and the inhabitants of Nottingham as they fight against the excessive taxation of Prince John, and Robin Hood wins the hand of Maid Marian.

The movie is narrated by the rooster Alan-a-Dale. He explains that Robin Hood and Little John live in Sherwood Forest, stealing from the rich and giving to the poor townsfolk of Nottingham. The Sheriff of Nottingham and his posse often try to catch them but fail every time. Meanwhile, Prince John and his assistant Sir Hiss, arrive in Nottingham. Sir Hiss hypnotized Prince John's brother King Richard to go off on the Crusades, allowing Prince John to take the throne. Unfortunately, the prince is greedy and immature, even sucking his thumb whenever his mother is mentioned. Robin and Little John rob Prince John by disguising themselves as fortune tellers. This results in the prince putting a bounty on their heads and making the Sheriff his personal tax collector.

The Sheriff taxes Friar Tuck and a family of rabbits. Robin gives back some money to the rabbits, giving his hat and archery kit to the young rabbit Skippy for his birthday. Skippy and his friends test out the archery kit, but Skippy fires an arrow into the grounds of Maid Marian's castle. The children sneak inside, meeting Maid Marian and her attendant Lady Kluck. Maid Marian reveals she and Robin were childhood sweethearts but they have not seen one another for years. Friar Tuck visits Robin and Little John, explaining that Prince John is hosting an archery tournament, and the winner will get a kiss from Maid Marian. Robin agrees to participate in the tournament disguised as a stork while Little John disguises himself as the Duke of Chutney to get near Prince John. Sir Hiss discovers Robin's identity but is trapped in a barrel of ale by Friar Tuck and Alan-a-Dale. Robin wins the tournament, but Prince John exposes him and has him arrested for execution despite Maid Marian's pleas.

Little John threatens Prince John leading to a fight between Robin, Little John, Maid Marian, Lady Kluck and Prince John's soldiers. In the forest, Robin and Maid Marian fall in love again as the townsfolk mock Prince John, describing him as the "Phony King of England". Angering by the insult, Prince John triples the taxes, imprisoning most of the townsfolk who cannot pay their taxes. The Sheriff visits Friar Tuck's church to steal from the poor box, angering Friar Tuck who is arrested too. Prince John plans to hang Friar Tuck to lure in Robin and kill him. Robin and Little John sneak in, with Little John managing to free all of the prisoners while Robin steals Prince John's taxes, but Sir Hiss awakens to find Robin fleeing.

The Sheriff corners Robin after he is forced to return to rescue a straggler, setting fire to Prince John's castle and causing Robin to leap from a tower into the moat below. Little John and Skippy watch as the moat is pelted with arrows and Robin seems to be shot and drowned, but he emerges unharmed after using a reed as a breathing tube. Prince John is saddened and driven into a blind rage when Sir Hiss points out his mother's castle is on fire. Later, King Richard returns to England, placing his brother and his cohorts under arrest. He allows Robin and Maid Marian to be married and leave Nottingham with Little John and Skippy in tow.


The movie premiered at the Radio City Music Hall on November 8, 1973. The movie was re-released on March 26, 1982. It was released to videocassette on December 3, 1984, becoming the first installment of the Walt Disney Classics home video line. Disney thought the idea of releasing any of its animated classics (known as the "untouchables") might threaten future theatrical release money. However, "Robin Hood" was viewed as the first choice because it was not held in such high regard as some of the other titles, and was less likely to get another theatrical release as its 1982 reissue proved to be disappointing. It was later re-released in 1991 (as part of the Walt Disney Classics line) and 1994 (as part of the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection line).

In January 2000, Walt Disney Home Video launched the Gold Classic Collection, with "Robin Hood" re-released on VHS and DVD on July 4, 2000. The DVD had the movie in its 1.33:1 aspect ratio, and was accompanied with special features including a trivia game and the cartoon short "Ye Olden Days". The remastered "Most Wanted Edition" DVD ("Special Edition" in the UK) was released in 2006. It featured a deleted scene/alternate ending, as well as a 16:9 matted transfer to represent its original theatrical screen ratio. On August 6, 2013, the movie was released as the 40th Anniversary Edition on a Blu-ray/DVD/Digital Copy combo pack.


The Great Mouse Detective

The Great Mouse Detective is a 1986 American animated movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation. It was first released to movie theaters in the United States on July 2, 1986 by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 26th animated movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The main characters are all mice and rats living in Victorian London.

The movie is based on the children's book series "Basil of Baker Street" by Eve Titus. It is also similar to the stories about Sherlock Holmes.


List of The Amazing World of Gumball episodes

"The Amazing World of Gumball" is a cartoon comedy series. It was created by Ben Bocquelet for the Cartoon Network.

Since its debut on May 3, 2011, more than all 240 episodes (in total) of the series have been broadcast. The series ended on June 24, 2019.

Cartoon Network renewed the series for a sixth season. On September 6, 2016, series creator Ben Bocquelet announced that he would be departing production of "Gumball" upon completing the sixth season, but production will continue without him. However, on October 7, 2018, he retweeted a tweet with an article saying that the sixth season is the final season. A follow up article clarifyed that there could still be more seasons. In November 2018, it was revealed that Ben Bocquelet had finished the show and that the production of the series was completed.

Later in November 2019, a six-episode miniseries titled “Darwin's Yearbook” was announced.

A six-episode special called "Darwin's Yearbook" aired on Cartoon Network in December 2019. The miniseries features Darwin attempting to complete Elmore Junior High's yearbook by examining who he thinks should fill up the best spot. The miniseries is essentially a collection of clip show episodes.

Habima Theatre

Habima Theatre (, lit. "The Stage") is the national theatre of Israel. It is in Tel Aviv. The theatre was established in Moscow. It was moved to Israel in 1930.


Tel-O-Fun

Tel-O-Fun () is a bicycle-sharing service in Tel Aviv. The project began in 2011. It includes roads for bicycles.

Vladimir Radmanović

Vladimir Radmanović (born November 19, 1980) is a Serbian former professional basketball player who played for the Seattle SuperSonics, Los Angeles Clippers, Los Angeles Lakers, Charlotte Bobcats, Golden State Warriors, Atlanta Hawks, and Chicago Bulls from 2001-2013.

Radmanović was born on November 19, 1980 in Trebinje, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia.

Alex Karras

Alexander George "Alex" Karras (July 15, 1935 – October 10, 2012) was an American football player, wrestler, movie, television, stage, voice actor, and writer who is known for his role as George Papadapolis in the television series "Webster".

Karras was born on July 15, 1935 in Gary, Indiana. He studied at the University of Chicago. Karras was married to Joan Jurgensen from 1958 until they divorced in 1975. Then he was married to Susan Clark from 1980 until his death in 2012. With Jurgensen, he has five children. Then with Clark he has one child. Karras died on October 10, 2012 in Los Angeles, California from kidney failure, aged 77.

Susan Clark

Susan Clark (born March 8, 1943) is an retired Canadian movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for her role as Katherine Papadapolis in "Webster". She has won an Emmy Award in 1976.

Clark was born on March 8, 1940 in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada. Clark was raised in Toronto, Ontario. She studied at Northern Secondary School. She was married to Bob Joseph from 1970 until they divorced in 1973. Then she was married to Alex Karras from 1980 until his death in 2012. With Joseph, she has five children. Then with Karras, she has one child.

Emmanuel Lewis

Emmanuel Lewis (born March 9, 1971) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is best known for his role as Webster Long in "Webster".

Lewis was born on March 9, 1971 in Brooklyn, New York.

Jack Kruschen

Jack Joseph Kruschen (March 20, 1922 – April 2, 2002) was a Canadian-American movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor who is known for his role as Dr. Dreyfuss in "The Apartment".

Kruschen was born on March 20, 1922 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. He was married to Marjorie Ullman from 1947 until they divorced in 1961. Then he was married to Violet Rafaella Mooring from 1962 until her death in 1978. Then he was married to Mary Pender from 1979 until his death in 2002. 

Kruschen died on April 2, 2002 in Chandler, Arizona from natural causes, aged 80.


Jayma Mays

Jayma Suzette Mays (born Jamia Suzette Mays, July 16, 1979) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actress. She is known for her roles as Emma Pillsbury in "Glee", as Charlie in "Ugly Betty", as Amy Anderson in "", and as Grace Winslow in "The Smurfs" and in "Smurfs 2".

Mays was born on July 16, 1979 in Bristol, Tennessee. She studied at Grundy High School, at Southwest Virginia Community College, and at Radford University. She was married to Adam Campbell since 2007.

Andy Samberg

Andrew David "Andy" Samberg (born August 18, 1978) is an American actor, stand-up comedian, singer, writer and the lead member of the comedy group, The Lonely Island. He is known for his works in "Saturday Night Live", "Hot Rod" and "Brooklyn Nine-Nine".

He is influenced by Steve Martin, Mel Brooks and Adam Sandler. He married Joanna Newsom in September 2013. The couple announced the birth of their daughter in August 2017. In July 2018, the couple gave birth to their son.

Kris Humphries

Kris Nathan Humphries (born February 6, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who played for the Utah Jazz, then with the Toronto Raptors, then with Dallas Mavericks, and for the Brooklyn Nets. He retired in 2019.

Humphries was born on February 6, 1985 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Humphries married Kim Kardashian in 2011, but filed for divorce a couple of months after their marriage. Their divorce was finalized on June 3, 2013. Kris Humphries and Kim Kardashian's marriage lasted for 72 days before they filed for divorce.


Kourtney Kardashian

Kourtney Mary Kardashian (born April 18, 1979) is an American socialite and reality television star who gained fame after appearing on her family's TV series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" and multiple other TV shows. She is also a businesswoman and model.

Kourtney Mary Kardashian was born in Los Angeles, California on April 18, 1979, to parents Robert and Kris. She is the oldest Kardashian siblings. She is the sister of Kim, Khloé, Rob, Kendall, and Kylie.

She was in a relationship with Scott Disick from 2007 to July 2015. They have three children together: Mason, Penelope, and Reign.

In early 2021 Kardashian has been in a relationship with Travis Barker, a musician.
In the late 2021, Barker proposed to Kardashian and the got engaged in California. The two were married in May 2022. On November 1, 2023, she gave birth to their son, Rocky Thirteen Barker.


Kris Jenner

Kristen Mary "Kris" Jenner (born November 5, 1951) is an American television personality, writer, socialite, television producer and businesswoman. She is known for being the mother of the Kardashian sisters.

Kristen Mary Houghton was born on November 5, 1955 in San Diego, California. She was married to Robert Kardashian from 1978 until they divorced in 1990. She had four children with Robert; Kourtney, Kim, Khloé and Rob Kardashian.

She was married to Bruce Jenner from 1991 until their divorce in 2015 (after Bruce Jenner transitioned to female). She has four children with Robert and two daughters with Jenner. The Jenners announced their separation in October 2013, though they had actually separated a year earlier. With Jenner, she had two daughters, Kendall and Kylie Jenner.

From 2007 to 2021, Kris Jenner starred alongside her family on the reality show "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". Her and her family also appear on the sequel reality show "The Kardashians" as well as many other TV shows. From their popularity, they became very rich and famous.

David Prowse

David Prowse, MBE (1 July 1935 – 28 November 2020) was an English bodybuilder, weightlifter, and movie, television, stage, and voice actor who was known for playing the role of Darth Vader in four Star Wars movies.

Prowse was born in Bristol, England. He studied at Bristol Grammar School. He was married to Norma Prowse from 1963 until his death. 

In November 2014, Prowse revealed that he had dementia. In 2018, he was diagnosed with for a second time prostate cancer after going into remission in 2009.

Prowse died on 28 November 2020 in London, aged 85. Two weeks before his death, he was diagnosed with COVID-19.


Bill Gates Sr.

William Henry Gates, Sr. (born William Henry Gates II, November 30, 1925 – September 14, 2020) was an American attorney, philanthropist and author of the book "Showing Up for Life: Thoughts on the Gifts of a Lifetime". He was the father of Bill Gates.

Gates was born on November 30, 1925 in Bremerton, Washington. He studied at the University of Washington. He was married to Mary Maxwell until her death in 1994. Gates was to Mimi Gardner. With Maxwell he had three children.

Gates Sr. died on September 14, 2020 from Alzheimer's disease at his home near Puget Sound, Washington at the age of 94.


Tanya Tucker

Tanya Tucker (born October 10, 1958) is a country music singer. Her career began when she was 13 in 1972. The song "Delta Dawn" was her first song. Many other hit songs followed in upcoming years. She was born in Texas

Chain rule

In differential calculus, the chain rule is a way of finding the derivative of a function. It is used where the function is within another function. This is called a composite function. 

More specifically, if formula_1 equals the composite function of the form:

where "g" is a function differentiable at "x" and "f" is a function differentiable at "g"("x"), then the derivative of formula_1, written as formula_4, exists, and is equal to

1. Find the derivative of the outside function (all of it at once).

2. Find the derivative of the inside function (the bit between the brackets).

3. Multiply the answer from the first step by the answer from the second step. This is basically the last step in solving for the derivative of a function.

For example,

In this example, the cubed sign () is the outside function and formula_8 is the inside function. The derivative of the outside function would be formula_9, where "x" is replaced by the inside function. The derivative of the inside function would be 2"x", which is multiplied by formula_10 to get formula_11. 

The very definition of a derivative is formula_12. 

With this knowledge:

formula_13 must be true, which can also be written as formula_14.


Gush Dan

Gush Dan (; ) is a metropolitan area in Israel that includes Tel Aviv and other nearby cities like Ramat Gan, Herzliya, Bat Yam, Ashdod, Rishon Letzion, Petah Tikva, Holon, Netanya, Bnei Brak. It is the largest metropolitan area in Israel.

Russet sparrow

The russet sparrow ("Passer cinnamomeus") also called the cinnamon sparrow or cinnamon tree sparrow, is a bird that is part of the sparrow family. It is a small bird with a thick beak, and is 14 to 15 centimetres long. Its feathers are mainly rufous (reddish-brown) above and grey below, and its sounds are made up of short chirps which it can sometimes join together to make a song. There are 3 subspecies of the Russet Sparrow, "rutilans" (the main species), "intensior", which, along with the main species, lives in parts of eastern Asia, and "cinnamomeus", which lives in the Himalayas and is commonly seen around terrace farms. The Russet Sparrow mainly eats seeds from herbs and grains, and it is the common sparrow of towns and cities that Eurasian Tree Sparrows and House Sparrows do not live in.

Myton-on-Swale

Myton-on-Swale is a village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England. It is about east of Boroughbridge and on the River Swale.

Luke Nelson

Luther Martin Nelson (December 4, 1893 – November 14, 1985) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. Nelson played for the New York Yankees in 1919. In nine games, he had a 3–0 record with a 2.96 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.

Nelson was born in Cable, Illinois and died in Moline, Illinois.


Scafell Pike

Scafell Pike is the highest mountain in England. It is tall. It is in Lake District National Park, in Cumbria.

It is sometimes confused with the near-by Scafell. The name "Pikes of Sca Fell" was first used to mean the peaks now known as Scafell Pike, Ill Crag and Broad Crag. The contraction "Scafell Pike" started as an error on an Ordnance Survey map.

The summit was given to the National Trust in 1919 by Lord Leconfield. He did this in memory of the men of the Lake District "who fell for God and King, for freedom, peace and right in the Great War".

No contest

No contest is a plea in which the defendant making the plea has chosen not to dispute the criminal charges against them, particularly in United States courts. No contest pleas usually carry results similar to pleading or being found guilty of different classes of crimes. No contest is called Nolo contendere in the Latin terminology. Some countries other than the U.S. do not allow people to plead no contest.

Tom Kane

Tom Kane (born Thomas Kane Roberts, April 15, 1962) is a retired American voice actor. He has worked in movies, television and video games. Kane is known for his many voice roles in "" and in "The Powerpuff Girls".

Kane was born in Overland Park, Kansas on April 15, 1962.

Kane suffered a stroke in November 2020 which left him with weakness on the right side of his body and damage to his speaking, writing, and reading abilities. In September 2021, he announced his retirement because of his stroke.


Paul Winfield

Paul Edward Winfield (May 22, 1939 – March 7, 2004) was an American television, movie, voice, and stage actor who is known for his roles in "The Terminator", "Sounder", "Presumed Innocent", "Damnation Alley", and in "White Dog". He has won an Emmy Award in 1995.

Winfield was born on May 22, 1939 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at the Manual Arts High School,at Los Angeles City College, at University of Portland, at Stanford University, and at the University of California at Los Angeles. Winfield was openly gay. He was partners with Charles Gillan, Jr. from 1972 until his death in 2002. Winfield died on March 7, 2004 after having a heart attack, a complication from his diabetes in Los Angeles, California, aged 64.


Mark Slade

Mark Van Blarcom Slade (born May 1, 1939) is an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor, writer, and artist who is known for his role as Billy Blue Cannon in "The High Chaparral".

Slade was born on May 1, 1939 in Salem, Massachusetts. He was married to Melinda Riccilli since 1968.


Nicolas Roeg

Nicolas Jack Roeg (15 August 1928 – 23 November 2018) was an English movie director and cinematographer. He is best known for directing "Performance" (1970), "Walkabout" (1971), "Don't Look Now" (1973), "The Man Who Fell to Earth" (1976), "Bad Timing" (1980) and "The Witches" (1990).

Roeg was born on 15 August 1928 in London. Roeg was married to Susan Stephen from 1957 until they divorced in 1977. He was married to actress Theresa Russell from 1982 until they divorced. He was married to Harriet Harper from 2004 until his death in 2018.

Roeg died on 23 November 2018 in London at the age of 90.

Don King

Donald "Don" King (born August 20, 1931) is an American boxing promoter. He has promoted many famous boxers including Mike Tyson, George Foreman, Muhammad Ali, and Evander Holyfield.

King was born on August 20, 1931 in Cleveland, Ohio. He dropped out from Kent State University. King was married to Henrietta King from 1959 until her death in 2010. They had three children.


Dave Chappelle

David Khari Webber "Dave" Chappelle (born August 24, 1973) is an American comedian, screenwriter, television and movie producer, movie, voice, and television actor, and artists. He is known for his comedy works and for having his own show, "Chappelle's Show". He is also known for his role as Thurgood Jenkins in "Half Baked". In 2018, he starred as Noodles in the drama movie "A Star Is Born".

In 2016, he signed a $20 million-per-release comedy-special deal with Netflix and as of 2019, he has released five standup specials.

Chappelle received his first Emmy Award in 2017 for his guest appearance on "Saturday Night Live". In 2018, he received a Grammy Award for his Netflix specials "The Age of Spin & Deep in the Heart of Texas".

Chappelle was born on August 24, 1973 in Washington, D.C., but raised in Silver Spring, Maryland. He has been married to Elaine Erfe since 2001. They have 3 children.

In 2019, Chappelle was selected to receive the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor presented by the Kennedy Center as America's highest comedy honor.


Emile Hirsch

Emile Davenport Hirsch (born March 13, 1985) is an American television, voice and movie actor. He is known for his role as Speed Racer in "Speed Racer" and as Matthew Kiddman in "The Girl Next Door".

Hirsh was born on March 13, 1985 in Topanga, California. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. He studied at Alexander Hamilton High School. 

Bryan Cranston

Bryan Lee Cranston (born March 7, 1956) is an American actor, voice actor, director, producer, and writer. 

He is best known for his roles as Hal in "Malcolm in the Middle" and as Walter White in "Breaking Bad". He has won an Emmy Award for his role in Breaking Bad and a Saturn Award and Tony Award.

Cranston appeared in movies as well. He appeared in "Saving Private Ryan", "Little Miss Sunshine", "Argo", "Godzilla", as Dalton Trumbo in "Trumbo", "Kung Fu Panda 3", "Why Him?", Zordon in "Power Rangers" and as Phillip Lacasse in "The Upside".

Cranston was born on March 7, 1956 in Los Angeles, California. Cranston studied at Canoga Park High School and at the Los Angeles City College. Cranston was married to Mickey Middleton from 1977 until they divorced in 1982. He married Robin Dearden in 1989. With Dearden, he has a daughter.

Guido Quaroni

Guido Quaroni (born November 9, 1967) is an Italian voice actor who is known for his voice role as Guido in "Cars" and in "Cars 2".

Franco Nero

Franco Nero (born Francesco Sparanero, 23 November 1941) is an Italian movie director, movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles in "Django", "Die Hard 2", "Letters to Juliet", "Camelot", "Keoma", "The Mercenary", and "Cars 2".

Nero was born on 23 November 1941 in San Prospero, Parma, Emilia-Romagna, Italy. He studied at Piccolo Teatro di Milano. Nero has been married to Vanessa Redgrave since 2005. Nero has a son, Carlo Gabriel Nero, by Redgrave.

Dennis Miller

Dennis Miller (born November 3 1953) is an American comedian, political commentator, actor, writer and radio personality. He usually talks about politics. Miller was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Michael Redgrave

Sir Michael Scudamore Redgrave (20 March 1908 – 21 March 1985) was an English actor, director, producer, screenwriter, manager and author known for his roles in "The Lady Vanishes", "Dead of Night", "The Browning Version", "The Dam Busters", "Secret Beyond the Door...", and in "Mourning Becomes Electra".

Redgrave was born on 20 March 1908 in Bristol, Gloucestershire. Redgrave was educated at the Magdalene College, at Cambridge, Clifton College, and at the University of Cambridge. Throughout his life, Redgrave was bisexual. He was married to Rachel Kempson from 1935 until his death in 1985. They had three children, Vanessa Redgrave, Corin Redgrave, and Lynn Redgrave. Redgrave died on 21 March 1985 in Denham, Buckinghamshire from Parkinson's disease, aged 77.


Corin Redgrave

Corin William Redgrave (16 July 1939 – 6 April 2010) was an English actor and activist, who is known for his roles in "All Man for All Seasons", "Four Weddings and a Funeral", "Oh! What a Lovely War", "The Forsyte Saga", and in "Persuasion".

Redgrave was born on 16 July 1939 in Marylebone, London, England. He studied at the Westminster School and at King's College, Cambridge. Redgrave was married to Deirdre Hamilton-Hill from 1962 until they divorced in 1975. Then he was married to Kika Markham from 1985 until his death in 2010. They had four children. Redgrave died on 6 April 2010 in Tooting, London, England from prostate cancer, aged 70.

Oscar II

Oscar II (21 January 1829 – 8 December 1907), baptised Oscar Fredrik, was King of Sweden from 1872 until his death and King of Norway from 1872 until 1905. The third son of King Oscar I of Sweden and Josephine of Leuchtenberg, he was a descendant of Gustav I of Sweden through his mother.

When he was born on January 21, 1829 in Stockholm, Oscar Fredrik was created Duke of Östergötland. He entered the navy at the age of eleven, and was appointed junior lieutenant in July 1845. Later he studied at Uppsala University, where he distinguished himself in mathematics. On 13 December 1848, he was made an honorary member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

From 1859, when his father died, he was first in line to the Swedish throne after his oldest brother King Charles, who then had no male heirs (his son had died in infancy in 1854). His middle brother Gustaf had died in 1852.

He succeeded his brother Charles XV and IV on 18 September 1872, and was crowned as king of Norway in the Nidaros Cathedral in Trondheim on 18 July 1873. At the accession he adopted as his motto "Brödrafolkens väl" / "Broderfolkenes Vel" ("The Welfare of the Brother Peoples"). While the King and the Royal Court resided mostly in Sweden, Oscar made the effort of learning to be fluent in Norwegian and from the very beginning he realized the essential difficulties in the maintenance of the union between the two countries.

The political events which led up to the peaceful dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden in 1905 could hardly have been attained but for the tact and patience of the king himself. He was dethroned on 7 June 1905 by the Norwegian Parliament and renounced the Norwegian throne on 26 October. 

On 6 June 1857 he married in Wiesbaden-Biebrich, Germany, Princess Sophia Wilhelmina, youngest daughter of Duke William of Nassau. 

His health declined, indeed, to permit any prince of his house to become king of Norway, but better relations between the two countries were restored before his death in Stockholm on 8 December 1907 from unknown causes.


Rob Corddry

Robert William "Rob" Corddry (born February 4, 1971) is an American movie, television, voice actor, television director and producer, writer and comedian who is known for his roles in "Hot Tub Time Machine" and in "Childrens Hospital". He has won an Emmy Award in 2012 for "Children Hospital".

Corddry was born on February 4, 1971 in Weymouth, Massachusetts. He studied at Weymouth North High School and at University of Massachusetts Amherst.

Malayalam Wikipedia

The Malayalam Wikipedia () is the Malayalam language edition of Wikipedia, a free and publicly editable online encyclopedia. It was launched on December 21, 2002. Now this project is the leading Wikipedia among other South East Asian language Wikipedias in quality. It has grown to be a wiki containing more than 31,000 articles .

The Malayalam language Wikipedia has been available in the wikipedia.org domain since 21 December 2002. A user had taken the initial tasks for it. After its creation he was the key person for the next 2 years. Almost all the early users of Malayalam Wikipedia were Malayalees (speakers of the Malayalam language). The growth of the Wikipedia during these times was very slow due to technical issues such as browser problems, font problems, and other problems.

Phil Silvers

Phil Silvers (born Philip Silver, May 11, 1911 – November 1, 1985) was an American entertainer, comedian, movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor who is known for his role as Sergeant Bilko in "The Phil Silvers Show". He has won two Tony Awards and an Emmy Award.

Silvers was born on May 11, 1911 in Brooklyn, New York. Silver was married to Jo-Carroll Dennison from 1945 until they divorced in 1950. Then he was married to Evelyn Patrick from 1956 until they divorced in 1966. Silvers had five children with Evelyn. Silvers died on November 1, 1985 in Century City, California from heart failure, aged 74.


Wade Williams

Wade Andrew Williams (born December 24, 1961) is an American movie, television, and voice actor who is best known for his role as Brad Bellick in "Prison Break".

Williams was born on December 24, 1961 in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He studied at Rutgers University and at the University of Tulsa.

Gary Collins

Gary Ennis Collins (April 30, 1938 – October 13, 2012) was an American movie, television, radio, stage, voice actor, and television host. He is known for his roles in "The Sixth Sense", "Angel in my Pocket", "The Wackiest Ship in the Army", "Born Free", "Hangar 18", and in "The Home Show". He is also known for being the host of Miss America from 1982 through 1990. He has won an Emmy Award for Best Television Host in 1983.

Collins guest-starred on dozens of television shows since the 1960s, including "Perry Mason", "The Virginian", "Hawaii Five-O", "The Six Million Dollar Man", "The Love Boat", "Charlie's Angels", "Friends", and "JAG".

Collins was born on April 30, 1938 in Venice, California. Collins was raised in Biloxi, Mississippi. He studied at Santa Monica City College. He was married to Susan Lechman from 1964 until they divorced in 1967. Then he was married to Mary Ann Mobley from 1967 until his death in 2012. Collins died on the morning of October 13, 2012 in Biloxi, Mississippi from natural causes, aged 74.


Tom Berenger

Tom Berenger (born Thomas Michael Moore; May 31, 1949) is an Emmy Award-winning American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles in "Hatfields & McCoys", "Platoon", "Major League", "Inception", and "The Big Chill". He has won an Emmy Award and an Golden Globe Award.

Berenger was born on May 31, 1949 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at the University of Missouri. Berenger was married to Barbara Wilson from 1976 until they divorced in 1984. Then he was married to Lisa Williams from 1986 until they divorced in 1997. Then he was married to Patricia Alvaran since 1998. He has six children.


Julio Alemán

Julio Méndez Alemán (November 29, 1933 – April 11, 2012) was a Mexican movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor.

Alemán was born in Morelia, Michoacán on November 29, 1933. He was married to Esperanza Martínez. They had six children.

Alemán died in Mexico City on April 11, 2012. He had been diagnosed with lung cancer. His remains were cremated and a memorial service was held on April 12, 2012, in Mexico City.

Gumbel distribution

The Gumbel distribution is a probability distribution of extreme values.

In probability theory and statistics, the Gumbel distribution is used to model the distribution of the maximum (or the minimum) of a number of samples of various distributions.

Such a distribution might be used to represent the distribution of the maximum level of a river in a particular year if there was a list of maximum values for the past ten years. It is also useful in predicting the chance that an extreme earthquake, flood or other natural disaster will occur.

The Gumbel distribution is a continuous probability distribution. Gumbel distributions are a family of distributions of the same general form. These distributions differ in their "location" and "scale" parameters: the mean ("average") of the distribution defines its location, and the standard deviation ("variability") defines the scale.

One recognizes the Gumbel "probability density function" (PDF) and the Gumbel "cumulative distribution function" (CDF).

In the PDF, the probability P of a value V to occur between limits A and B, briefly written as P(A<VP(V \leq A) = CDF(A) </math>.

The mathematical expression of the CDF is:

where μ is the "mode" (the value where the probability density function reaches its peak), "e" is a mathematical constant, about 2.718, and β is a value related to the "standard deviation" (σ) :

where π is the Greek symbol for Pi whose value is close to 22/7 or 3.142, and the symbol formula_3 stands for the square root.

The "mode" μ can be found from the "median" M, being the value of A where CDF(A)=0.5, and β:

where "ln" is the natural logarithm.

The "mean", E(x), given by:

where formula_6 = "Euler constant" formula_7 0.5772.

In a data series, the parameters "mode" (μ) and β can be estimated from the average, median and standard deviation. The calculation of the last three quantities is explained in the respective Wiki pages. Then, with the help of formulas given in the previous section, the factors μ and β can be calculated. In this way, the CDF of the Gumbel distribution belonging to the data can be determined and the probability of interesting data values can be found.

In hydrology, the Gumbel distribution is used to analyze such variables as monthly and annual maximum values of daily rainfall and river discharge volumes, and also to describe droughts.
The blue picture illustrates an example of fitting the Gumbel distribution to ranked maximum one-day October rainfalls showing also the 90% "confidence belt" based on the binomial distribution.

List of cities in Turkey

This is a list of cities in Turkey by population. The total population of Turkey is 79,749,461 according to the 2012 estimate. This makes it the 17th most populated country in the world.

List of cities in Ukraine

This is a complete list of cities in Ukraine. On 1 January, 2022, there were 461 cities (, "misto") in Ukraine. City status is given by the Verkhovna Rada, the Ukrainian parliament. The city status is only slightly related to the size of a populated place in Ukraine.

Smaller settlements are urban-type settlements (comparable to towns in English-speaking countries) and villages (, "selo").

The list of cities is ordered by 2021 estimates of population and compared to the 2001 Ukrainian Census, except for Chernobyl which is an unofficial estimate. The cities with special status are shown in "italic".


List of cities in the United Arab Emirates

This is a list of the most important cities of the United Arab Emirates, in alphabetical order:


List of cities in Uruguay

This is a list of cities in Uruguay. There are many places that have a large number of people that are not called a "City" in Uruguay. 

List of cities in Uzbekistan

This is a list of cities in Uzbekistan. The names of many places have been changed during the last century, sometimes more than once. Wherever possible, the old names are on the list and linked to the new names.

The native Uzbek name of each city is listed in parenthesis. 


List of settlements in Armenia

The Municipalities of Armenia are called communities. Each community is self-governing and has one or more settlements. As of 2007, Armenia includes 915 communities. 49 are considered urban and 866 are considered rural. The capital, Yerevan, also has the status of a community.

Chris Dodd

Christopher John "Chris" Dodd (born May 27, 1944) is an American lawyer, lobbyist, and Democratic Party politician. He was a United States Senator from Connecticut for thirty-years.

Dodd was born in Connecticut. He is a graduate of Georgetown Preparatory School in Bethesda, Maryland, and Providence College. His father, Thomas J. Dodd, was a United States Senator from Connecticut from 1959-1971. Chris Dodd served in the Peace Corps for two years before going to law school at the University of Louisville. While he was in law school, he was also a member of the United States Army Reserve.

Dodd won the election in 1974 to be the Representative from Connecticut's 2nd congressional district. He was reelected in 1976 and 1978. He was elected United States Senator in the elections of 1980. He was the longest-serving senator in Connecticut's history.

Dodd was the chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 1995 to 1997. He served as Chairman of the Senate Banking Committee until his retirement. In 2006, Dodd decided to run for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States. He left the race to become President after running behind several other competitors. In January 2010, Dodd said that he would not run for re-election in the 2010 elections. Dodd was replaced by Richard Blumenthal. On March 1, 2011, the Motion Picture Association of America said that Dodd will be in control of that organization.

Ronald Neame

Ronald Elwin Neame (23 April 1911 – 16 June 2010) was an English movie director and producer, screenwriter, and cinematographer who is known for his works in "The Poseidon Adventures", "Great Expectations", "Oliver Twist", "Brief Encounter", and "In Which We Serve". 

Neame was born on 23 April 1911 in London, England. He studied at University College School and at Hurstpierpoint College. Neame was married to Beryl Heanly from 1933 until they divorced in 1992. Then he was married to Donna Friedberg from 1993 until his death. With Heanly he had a son, Christopher. Neame also had three grandchildren. Neame died on 16 June, 2010 in Los Angeles, California from complications of an accidental fall, aged 99.

List of cities in China

This is a list of cities in People's Republic of China (PRC). There are three levels of cities. They are provincial-level cities (municipalities and SARs), prefectural-level cities, and county-level cities. As of February 2012 the PRC has a total of 652 cities: 4 municipalities, 2 SARs, 283 prefecture-level cities (including the 15 Sub-provincial cities) and 363 county-level cities (including the 15 Sub-prefectural cities) not including any cities in Taiwan Province. 



























林芝
山南
昌都



Tyrone Power

Tyrone Edmund Power, Jr. (May 5, 1914 – November 15, 1958) or Ty Power, was an American movie, television, radio and stage actor who appeared in dozens of movies from the 1930s to the 1950s, but is mostly known for his roles in "The Mark of Zorro", "Blood and Sand", "The Black Swan", "Prince of Foxes", "The Black Rose", and "Captain from Castile".

Power was born on May 5, 1914 in Cincinnati, Ohio. Power was married to Annebella from 1939 until they divorced in 1948. He was married to Linda Christian from 1949 until they divorced in 1956. He was married to Debbie Ann Minardos from 1958 until his death in 1958. He had two children with Christian, and one with Minardos. Power died on November 15, 1958 in Madrid, Spain from a heart attack, aged 44.


Anomalocaris

Anomalocaris ("abnormal shrimp") is an extinct genus of anomalocaridid, which are, in turn, thought to be closely related to the arthropods. The first fossils of "Anomalocaris" were discovered in the "Ogygopsis" shale by Joseph Frederick Whiteaves, with more examples found by Charles Doolittle Walcott in the famed Burgess Shale.

"Anomalocaris" lived in the Cambrian period, which was a long time before dinosaurs. This makes "Anomalocaris" very old, so their body parts haven't evolved to be as detailed as modern animals. However, "Anomalocaris" still had compound eyes which were very big and complex compared to other animals in the earlier parts of the Cambrian, and also had segmented (has many sections) front appendages which were used to grasp its prey like arms. So while "Anomalocaris" was around the size of a small lobster, it still was a very good apex predator for its time.

"Anomalocaris" lived in the sea, like most of the plants (which were really small algae in the Cambrian) and animals during this time period.
Recently, people now think that "Anomalocaris" didn't hunt trilobites and other benthic animals that lived on the sea floor, but instead swam after nekton like basal chordates (animals that can control how they move underwater, unlike plankton). 

"Anomalocaris" was misidentified many times, as the mouth, front appendages and trunk (the rest of its body) were discovered separately multiple times, leading scientists to think for a while that these parts of "Anomalocaris" were, in fact, of three different animals, with the mouth thought to be a jellyfish, the front appendages thought to be a shrimp and the trunk thought to be a sea cucumber or sponge.

Michael Murphy

Michael George Murphy (born May 5, 1938) is an American movie, stage, voice and television actor who is known for his roles as Yale Pollack in "Manhattan" and as the Mayor in "Batman Returns". He has won an Gemini Award.

Murphy was born on May 5, 1938 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at the University of California at Los Angeles. Murphy was married to Wendy Crewson from 1988 until they divorced in 2009. They had two children.

Wendy Crewson

Wendy Jane Crewson (born May 9, 1956) is a Canadian movie, television, voice, and stage actress who is known for her role in "The Santa Clause", "The Santa Clause 2", "", "Better Than Chocolate", "Air Force One" and "Room". She won an Gemini Award.

Crewson was born on May 9, 1956 in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. She studied at Queen's University and at Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. Crewson was married to Michael Murphy from 1988 until they divorced in 2009. They had two children.

Crewson openly came out as a lesbian in 2014.

Jeffrey Jones

Jeffrey Duncan Jones (born September 28, 1946) is an American movie, television, voice, and stage actor who is best known for his roles as Emperor Joseph II in Miloš Forman’s "Amadeus", Charles Deetz in "Beetlejuice", and Dean of Students Edward R. Rooney in the 1986 John Hughes movie "Ferris Bueller's Day Off".

Jones was born on September 28, 1946 in Buffalo, New York. He studied at Lawrence University and at London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. He has a son from a previous relationship. In 2002 Jones was arrested; he was later convicted of a sex offense and will serve four years in jail and 250 hours of community service.


List of cities in Venezuela

This is a list of cities, towns and communities in Venezuela. Capitals of states are marked with a *.


List of cities in Vietnam

This is a list of cities in Vietnam.

There are five centrally-controlled municipalities in Vietnam. 

Here is a list of provincial municipalities ("thành phố trực thuộc tỉnh") in Vietnam.

List of cities in Western Sahara

The following are cities in Western Sahara, listed by population. Due to an ongoing conflict over the territory, most are controlled by Morocco. The eastern and southern parts are controlled by the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR).

List of cities in Yemen

Here is a list of cities in Yemen:

Terrence Howard

Terrence Howard (March 11 1969) is an American actor and singer who has starred in many movies. He did "Hustle & Flow" and "Crash" (2004). His acting career began around 1992. He was born in Chicago and raised in Cleveland, Ohio.

Catherine O'Hara

Catherine Anne O'Hara, (born March 4, 1954) is a Canadian-American movie, television, stage, voice actress, writer and comedian. She is well known for her roles in "SCTV", and her roles in movies such as in "After Hours", "Beetlejuice", "Home Alone", and "The Nightmare Before Christmas". She has won an Emmy Award.

O'Hara is also known for her role as Moira Rose in the award-winning series "Schitt's Creek".

O'Hara was born on March 4, 1954 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. O'Hara studied at Burnhamthorpe Collegiate Institute. She has been married to Bo Welch since 1992. They have two children and currently reside in Los Angeles, California. 

Christopher Guest

Christopher Haden-Guest, 5th Baron Haden-Guest (born February 5, 1948), usually simply known as Christopher Guest, is an English-American actor, comedian, director, musician, and screenwriter. He is known for his work in "This Is Spinal Tap", "The Princess Bride", "Best in Show", "A Mighty Wind", and in "For Your Consideration". He has won an Emmy Award.

Guest was born on February 5, 1948 in New York City, New York. He studied at The High School of Music & Art and at New York University.

Guest married Jamie Lee Curtis in 1984. They have two adopted children.


Lipid bilayer

Lipid bilayers form cell membranes. They form a continuous sheet around all cells, and they surround most cell organelles. Lipid bilayers form automatically from phospholipids by self-assembly.

The phospholipids have heads which mix with water and tails which reject water. So the tails come together in the centre of the double layer, and the heads on the outside are surrounded by water. 

The lipid bilayers stop most water-soluble (hydrophilic) molecules passing through. They also stop most ions.

In cells, proteins are put in the bilayer by enzymes. The proteins decide which molecules come in and which go out of the cell. For example, cells control salt concentrations and pH by pumping ions across their membranes using proteins called ion pumps. 

John Letford

John Letford MBE (born 29 August 1935) is a Scottish politician. He was the Lord Provost of Dundee from 2003 to 2012. The new Lord Provost is Bob Duncan.

On 24 March 2009, Letford resigned from the Labour Group on Dundee City Council. He became an independent councillor.

Alcester Grammar School

Alcester Grammar School is a grammar school in a town called Alcester, in the county of Warwickshire. It is a local authority school, which means it is not fee-paying. It is, however, selective. This means it is meant for pupils of above average intelligence.

The youngest children are 11. The oldest are 18. Children join when they are 11 or when they are 16. When they are 11 they take a test to get in. The test is called the Eleven plus. 16 year old children can join if they have good GCSE exam grades elsewhere.

Children at Alcester Grammar School take the GCSE exams. GCSEs are exams that all children who live in England take.

Alcester Grammar is a very successful, selective, rural, grammar school. It offers courses at National Curriculum and post 16 levels. The school has a large VI form and offers one of the widest ranges of both 'A' and 'AS' levels in the country.

The school website says: 
The school sets out to provide a relaxed and constructive atmosphere, in which pupils are encouraged to develop their individual talents. Since it is school, boys and girls are jointly involved in most aspects of school life. We have no doubt that co-education is a fitting preparation for life.
There are about 1000 children.

Alcester Grammar School got an 'outstanding' rating in their OFSTED inspection.



Mycobacterium

Mycobacterium is a genus of bacteria, with about 190 species.The genus includes pathogens known to cause serious diseases in mammals, including tuberculosis ("Mycobacterium tuberculosis") and leprosy ("Mycobacterium leprae"). Mycobacteria are immobile and are rod-shaped. They are mostly found in water, soil, and dust.

The colony colour ranges from white to orange to pink (Iivanainen, 1999). Most mycobacteria need oxygen to survive (aerobic organisms), although some species require very little amounts of oxygen, less than what is present in the air, are called (microaerophilic bacteria) (Falkinham, 1996).

Mycobacteria can be categorized into three groups:

1. 
Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex – causative pathogen of tuberculosis

2.     Non-tuberculosis mycobacteria (NTM)

3.     Mycobacterium leprae – causative pathogen of leprosy

The Greek prefix "myco" means "fungus". When they are on the surface of liquids, mycobacteria growth is similar to that of moulds, a kind of fungus.

Mycobacteria have an external membrane, contain no layer that lies outside the bacteria (). The special characteristic about all Mycobacterium species is having a thicker cell wall than many other bacteria, which is to maintain the shape of the plasma membrane. The cell wall is waxy and rich in specific types of fats (lipids), called or .

"Mycobacterium tuberculosis" can occupy different environments. However, they grow so slowly that their time exceeds 18 hours. Surprisingly, mycobacterium leprae have the longest doubling time of all bacteria. In comparison, bacteria "E. coli" only takes as short as 20 minutes to double.
Mycobacteria can colonize their hosts without the hosts showing any adverse signs. Many people around the world have infections of "M. tuberculosis" without showing any signs of it.

Mycobacterial infections are difficult to treat. The organisms are tough due to their cell wall. In addition, they are naturally resistant to a number of antibiotics that disrupt cell-wall building, such as penicillin. With their unique cell wall, they can survive long exposure to acids, alkalis, detergents, oxidative bursts, lysis by complement, and many antibiotics.

Mycobacterial infections are complex diseases and are more common in individuals with , for example people undergoing treatment for cancer or that are HIV positive. One third of the planet’s population currently carries the "" bacteria. However, only 25 per cent will develop disease. They can cause tuberculosis, (NTM) pulmonary infections, other localized NTM or infections, leprosy, and chronic ulcers (Buruli ulcer).

Most mycobacteria are to the antibiotics clarithromycin and rifamycin, but antibiotic-resistant strains have emerged.

6. Antonini, J. (2014) "Sarcoidosis", Reference Module in Biomedical Sciences. Available at: <https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/medicine-and-dentistry/mycobacterium>

7. Rice, L. and Jung, M. (2018) ""Neutrophilic Leukocytosis, Neutropenia, Monocytosis, and Monocytopenia"", Hematology, pp. 675–681. Available at: <https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/medicine-and-dentistry/mycobacterial-infection>

Thutmose II

Thutmose II (sometimes "Thutmosis", or "Tuthmosis II", which means "Born of Thoth") was the fourth Pharaoh of the Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt. He built some small monuments and began two small military campaigns but did little else during his rule and was probably strongly influenced by his wife, Hatshepsut. He ruled from 1493 BC to 1479 BC. Thutmose II's body was found in the Deir el-Bahri Cache above the Mortuary Temple of Hatshepsut with many other pharaohs. It can be viewed today in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.

Thutmose II was the son of Thutmose I and a minor wife, Mutnofret. He may married his fully royal half-sister, Hatshepsut, in order to secure his kingship. His armies stopped rebellions in Nubia and the Levant and defeated a group of nomadic Bedouins. But these campaigns were led by the king's Generals, and not by Thutmose II himself. This is often seen as evidence that Thutmose II was still a child at his when he became king. Thutmose II fathered Neferure with Hatshepsut, and a male heir, the famous Thutmose III, by a lesser wife named Iset before his death.

Some archaeologists believe that Hatshepsut was the real power behind the throne during Thutmose II’s rule. Domestic and foreign policies were similar and she claimed that her father wanted them to rule together. She is pictured in several scenes from a Karnak gateway dating to Thutmose II's reign, both together with her husband and alone. She later had herself crowned Pharaoh several years into the rule of her husband's young successor Thutmose III. "The queen's agents actually replaced the boy king's name in a few places with her own cartouches" on the gateway.

The ancient historian Manetho wrote that Thutmose II ruled for 13 years. This figure is highly disputed among scholars. Some modern historians believe he ruled for only three years.

Most pharaohs are remembered because of the number of monuments and buildings they created. However Hatsehput had his name removed replaced with her own. Thutmose III had Thutmose II's name added to all kinds of monuments. This makes it hard for people studying Thutmose II to know what he really created.

There are several surviving buildings built for the king at Semna, Kumma, and Elephantine. His biggest monument was a limestone gateway at Karnak that was once at the front of the Fourth Pylon's forecourt. But this monument was not completed in Thutmose II's reign but in the reign of his son Thutmose III. This suggests that Thutmose II did not rule for very long. The gateway was later pulled down and its building blocks used for the foundation of the Third Pylon by Amenhotep III.

When Thutmose II became king, there was a rebellion by the Kush. The Egyptians retreated into the fort built by Thutmose I. Thutmose II was too young for battle, but he sent an army into Nubia. The rebellion was easily crushed with the help of his father's military generals. 

Thutmose also seems to have fought against the Shasu Bedouin in the Sinai. This was a minor raid, but the army went as far as Upper Retenu, or Syria. This quite possibly indicates that the raid against the Shasu was only fought on the way to Syria.

Thutmose II's mummy was discovered in the Deir el-Bahri cache, in 1881. He was in a tomb with other 18th and 19th kings including Ahmose I, Amenhotep I, Thutmose I, Thutmose III, Ramesses I, Seti I, Ramesses II, and Ramesses IX.

The mummy was unwrapped by Gaston Maspero on July 1, 1886. The face and shape of the head was very similar to the mummy of Thutmose I, his likely father. The body of Thutmose II been badly damaged by ancient tomb robbers. His left arm was broken off at the shoulder-joint, the forearm separated at the elbow joint, and his right arm chopped off below the elbow. His abdomen and much of his chest looked as if it had been hacked with an axe. His right leg had been cut from his body. All of these injuries had taken place after his death. The body also showed signs that Thutmose II did not have an easy life:

Mantoux test

The Mantoux test is a test developed to detect tuberculosis. In the year 1890, Robert Koch developed tuberculin, as a treatment for tuberculosis. The substance proved ineffective to treat the disease, today it is commonly used to detect it, though. Tuberculin is a substance based on the pathogen that causes tuberculosis. Charles Mantoux, a French physician, developed a test method, based on the work of Koch. 

A positive test result simply says that the immune system came in contact with Mycobacteria - this does not necessarily mean that people with a positive test result have been infected with tuberculosis. Such a result, which shows as positive, even though the outcome should be negative is called "false positive". 

The test shows the reaction of the immune system to tuberculin. This requires an intact immune system: People whose immune system is weakened, for example those with a HIV infection, may also show a "false negative": Their immune system may simply be too weak to react. Similarly, the use of certain substances, such as steroids may lead to false negatives.

Radiology

Radiology is a field of medicine that uses medical imaging methods of ionizing radiation to detect and treat diseases. Examples include ultrasound, X-rays, Computed tomography, Positron emission tomography and Magnetic resonance imaging.

In the English National Health Service a lot of radiology is outsourced to private forms, which were paid £120 million in 2021. Some are actually limited liability partnerships of NHS staff. Demand for radiology is increasing by about 10% a year.



Bacillus Calmette-Guérin

Bacillus Calmette–Guerin is a vaccine against tuberculosis. It is often abbreviated "BCG". The vaccine is based on a bovine strain of the bacterium. It was developed by Albert Calmette and Camille Guerin in the 1930s. It looks like the vaccine can also be used to treat certain forms of bladder cancer.

Mobutu Sese Seko

Mobutu Sese Seko Kuku Ngbendu wa Za Banga (born Joseph-Desiré Mobutu; 14 October 1917 – 7 September 1997) () was the President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The country was known as Zaire for much of his rule.

Mobutu is commonly known as Mobutu or Mobutu Sese Seko.

During the Congo Crisis, Mobutu led a coup against the nationalist government of Patrice Lumumba. He wanted to take control of the government of Congo-Léopoldville. He soon became the army chief of staff. In 1965 he led a second coup to be Prime Minister. Then in 1967 he established a presidential form of government headed by himself. As part of his program of “national authenticity,” Mobutu changed the Congo's name to Zaïre in 1971. He changed his own name to Mobutu Sese Seko in 1972. Mobutu established a one-party state and a cult of personality. He was an .

During his reign, Mobutu built a highly centralized state. He attempted to purge the country of all colonial cultural influence. He got a large personal fortune through economic exploitation and corruption. Because of this some people called his rule “kleptocracy.” The nation suffered from uncontrolled inflation, a large debt, and massive currency devaluations. By 1991 economic deterioration and unrest led him to agree to share power with opposition leaders. He used the army to stop this change. In May 1997 rebel forces, led by Laurent Kabila, removed him from the country.

Mobutu Sese Seko is notorious for the corruption, nepotism, and embezzlement of billions of dollars that took place during his reign. He also had extravagances such as Concorde-flown shopping trips to Paris. Mobutu presided over the country for some four decades, despite many reports of abuses and human-rights violations. As such, many have described him as the "archetypal African dictator".

Mobutu died in 1997 of prostate cancer in Morocco.

Mike Rowe

Michael Gregory "Mike" Rowe (born March 18, 1962) is an American actor, singer, television host, and narrator. He is best known for his voice-over work on commercials and as the host of the television program "Dirty Jobs". Rowe has acted on television, stage and movies as well as radio. He does a large amount of work as a narrator and has even been an opera singer.

Rowe was born on March 18, 1962 in Baltimore, Maryland. He studied at Overlea High School, at Essex Community College, and at Towson State University. He now lives in San Francisco, California.


Bryan Singer

Bryan Jay Singer (born September 17, 1965) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. Singer is known for his works in "The Usual Suspects", the "X-Men" movies and "Superman Returns". He has won a Saturn Award.

Singer was born on September 17, 1965 in New York City. He was adopted and raised in West Windsor Township, New Jersey. He studied at West Windsor-Plainsboro High School South, at School of Visual Arts, and at the USC School of Cinematic Arts in Los Angeles. Singer is openly gay.

On April 16, 2014, Singer was accused of sexually abusing a 17-year-old boy in a federal lawsuit filed in Hawaii. The accuser said Singer provided him with drugs and alcohol to encourage him to have sex on more than one occasion in 1999.

James Marsden

James Paul Marsden (born September 18, 1973) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor, singer, and a former model. Marsden is known for his role as Scott Summers or Cyclops in the first three "X-Men" movies. He is also known for his roles in "Hop", "Superman Returns", "Hairspray", "Enchanted", "The Notebook", and in "27 Dresses".

Marsden was born on September 18, 1973 in Stillwater, Oklahoma. He studied at Hefner Middle School, at Putnam City North High School, and at Oklahoma State Univerity. Marsden was married to Lisa Linde from 2000 until they divorced in 2011. They had two children. 

Brandon Routh

Brandon James Routh (born October 9, 1979) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor and former fashion model who is known for his roles as Daniel Shaw in "Chuck" and as Superman in "Superman Returns". He won a Saturn Award in 2006.

Routh is also known for his roles in "Zack and Miri Make a Porno" and "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World".

In 2013, Routh voiced David "Hesh" Walker in the video game "". In 2014, he starred on "Arrow" as Ray Palmer/Atom which spun off into a guest role on "The Flash" and a starring role on "Legends of Tomorrow".

Routh was born on October 9, 1979 in Norwalk, Iowa. Routh studied at the University of Iowa for a year to be a writer. During this time, he modeled and acted in order to earn his tuition fee.

Routh has been married to Courtney Ford since 2007. They have a son, Leo James.


Dick Durbin

Richard Joseph "Dick" Durbin (born November 21, 1944) is the senior United States Senator from Illinois. He is also the Senate Majority Whip, the second highest position in the Democratic Party leadership in the Senate.

Durbin was born on November 21, 1944 in East St. Louis, Illinois. He graduated from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service and Georgetown University Law Center. Durbin is married to Loretta Schaefer. They had three children. In 2008, their daughter died from heart problems.

Working in state legal counsel throughout the 1970s, he made an unsuccessful run for Lieutenant Governor of Illinois in 1978. He was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1982, representing the Springfield-based 20th congressional district.

In 1996 he won election to the U.S. Senate by an unexpected 15 points. He became the Senate Democratic Whip in 2005. From January 3, 2007 to January 3, 2015, he was the Senate Majority Whip because his party had the majority.

Durbin is the only the fifth United States senator from Illinois to serve the position of United States Senate Minority Whip.


Finger painting

Finger painting is a form of artwork done by using ones fingers to make a piece of art. The paint usually comes in pots. Finger painting is generally done by children.

Madison Bumgarner

Madison Bumgarner (b. August 1, 1989) nicknamed "MadBum" or "Big Country" is a Major League Baseball player for the San Francisco Giants. He was born in Hickory, North Carolina. He is a left handed pitcher.

Bumgarner was selected in the first round in the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft. He was named a starting pitcher on "Baseball America"'s 2010 All-Rookie Team.

Tedy Bruschi

Tedy Lacap Bruschi (born June 9, 1973) is a former NFL New England Patriots player. Bruschi won three Super Bowl rings and was a two-time All-Pro selection.

Bruschi joined ESPN as an analyst after leaving football.

Benjamin Kogo

Benjamin Kogo (30 November 1944 – 20 January 2022) was a Kenyan athlete. His main sport was 3000 metre steeplechase running. He won a silver medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

He won gold at the first All-Africa Games held in 1965 in Brazzaville.

Kogo was born in Arwos, Nandi District. He died from prostate cancer on January 20, 2022 at the age of 77.

Leslie Mann

Leslie Jean Mann (born March 26, 1972) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actress who is known for her roles in "Funny People", "ParaNorman", "This Is 40", "Knocked Up", and in "The Change-Up".

Mann was born on March 26, 1972 in San Francisco, California. She studied at Corona del Mar High School. She has been married to Judd Apatow since 1997. They have two children. She is the older sister of Anderson Mann.

Polio vaccine

Polio vaccines are vaccines that prevent poliomyelitis (or polio). Two types of polio vaccines are used throughout the world.

The first type was developed by Jonas Salk and first tested in 1952. Announced to the world by Salk on April 12, 1955, it is an injection of inactivated (dead) poliovirus. The second type was an oral vaccine developed by Albert Sabin, using attenuated poliovirus. An attenuated virus is a much less harmful strain of the same virus. Human trials of Sabin's vaccine began in 1957 and it was licensed in 1962. 

There is no long term carrier for poliovirus (carriers are people who carry the virus but have no symptoms of the disease), and polioviruses have no non-primate reservoir in nature. The virus cannot survive in the open environment for a long time. Therefore, interruption of person to person transmission of the virus by vaccination is the key step in removing polio entirely. The two vaccines have eliminated polio from most countries in the world. Polio worldwide has dropped from about 350,000 cases in 1988 to 1,652 cases in 2007.

Nick Frost

Nicholas John Frost (born 28 March 1972) is an English actor, comedian and screenwriter. He is best known for playing roles like Mike Watt in "Spaced", Ed in "Shaun of the Dead", Danny Butterman in "Hot Fuzz", Clive Gollings in "Paul", and Ron in "Attack the Block". He is also known for working with Simon Pegg.

Frost was born on 28 March 1972 in Dagenham, London, England. He studied at Bell High School. He is married to Christina Frost.

List of cities in the Bahamas

This is a list of cities in The Bahamas.

The following table lists the city or town name, the geographic coordinates, the population as of the 1990 census, an estimate of the population as of 2009, and the island name.

Cecilius Calvert, 2nd Baron Baltimore

Cecilius Calvert, 2nd Baron Baltimore (August 8, 1605 – November 30, 1675), was a member of the English nobility who started the colony of Maryland in the British colonies. He was the first Proprietary Governor of the Province of Maryland. Before that, he was the ninth Proprietary Governor of the Colony of Newfoundland (in what is today Canada). His father was George Calvert, 1st Baron Baltimore. George Calvert was chosen to be the proprietary governor of both Maryland and Newfoundland, but he died before he could take the position.

He was called "Cecil Calvert." Cecil was a Roman Catholic and the colony of Maryland was officially Catholic. He managed Maryland from his home in England. Maryland was known for its religious toleration. At the time, there was a lot of religious persecution in England. Many Catholics fled (ran away to) Maryland because their religion was accepted there. Calvert was governor of Maryland for forty-two years. He died in England on November 30, 1675, aged 70 years. The city of Baltimore is named for him.

Gabourey Sidibe

Gabourey "Gabby" Sidibe (born May 6, 1983) is an American movie and television actress who started her career in the 2009 movie "" as Claireece "Precious" Jones, for which she won many awards and was nominated for an Academy Award.

Sidibe was born on May 6, 1983 in Bedford–Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York City. She studied at Borough of Manhattan Community College, at City College of New York, and at Mercy College. 

America Ferrera

America Georgine Ferrera (born April 18, 1984) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actress and television producer. She is best known for her role as Betty Suarez in "Ugly Betty". For her role as Betty Suarez, she won an Golden Globe Award, Emmy Award, and an Screen Actors Guild Award.

Ferrera was born on April 18, 1984 in Los Angeles, California. She studied at the University of Southern California. She is married to Ryan Piers Williams since 2011. Ferrera is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election.

Bill Hader

William Thomas "Bill" Hader Jr. (born June 7, 1978) is an American actor, comedian, director, producer and writer.

He is best known for his roles in "Saturday Night Live", "Barry", "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs", "Superbad", "Hot Rod", "Tropic Thunder", "Adventureland", "Paul", "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", "", "Inside Out", "", "The BFG" and as adult Richie Tozier in "It – Chapter Two".

He married Maggie Carey in 2006 and they had 3 children. Hader and Carey separated in 2017 and Hader later filed for divorce several months later in December 2017. The divorce was finalized in 2018.

Jack Gilford

Jack Gilford (July 25, 1908 – June 4, 1990) was an American movie, television, stage actor, and comedian. He was known for his roles in "Cocoon", "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum Movie", "Caveman", "They Might Be Giants", and in "Catch-22".

Gilford was born on July 25, 1908 in New York City, New York. He was married to Madeline Lee from 1949 until his death in 1990. Gilford died on June 4, 1990 in New York City, New York from stomach cancer, aged 81.


Berry Gordy

Berry Gordy Jr. (born November 28, 1929) is an American entrepreneur and producer. He founded Motown Records. He is associated with musical acts, such as Smokey Robinson, Diana Ross, The Supremes, and Stevie Wonder. His son Kennedy Gordon was signed to Motown. Gordy was born in Detroit.

Tchoukball

'"Tchoukball"' is an indoor team sport. It was created in the 1970's by Swiss biologist Hermann Brandt. Brandt believed that "The objective of all physical activities is not to make champions, but make a contribution to building a harmonious society". He wanted to create a team sport which did not involve the injuries which he saw as being a problem in other sports.

The sport is usually played on an indoor court that is by }. At each end, there is a 'frame' (a device similar to a trampoline off which the ball bounces). This frame measures . There is also a semicircular D-shaped area measuring in radius around the frame which players can not enter. The game is played with two teams of 12 players on each team. Of the twelve players on a team, seven may be on the court at any one time. Each team can score on both ends on the field. In order to score a point, the ball must be thrown by an attacking player, hit the frame and bounce outside the 'D' without being caught by the defending team. Physical contact is not allowed, and defenders may not try to stop the attacking team's passes. Players may take three steps with the ball and can hold the ball for at most three seconds. Teams may not pass the ball more than three times before shooting at the frame.

Tchoukball has become an international sport. It is played in Brazil, Canada, China, the Czech Republic, Great Britain, Hong Kong, India, Italy, Japan, Macau, Singapore, Switzerland, Taiwan, and the United States. It is governed by the Féderation Internationale de Tchoukball (FITB, founded in 1971). Taiwan hosted the 2004 World Championships and won both the women's and junior championships. The Swiss won the men's championship. The 2006, European Championships were held in Switzerland. Great Britain won both the Men's and Under-18's titles. Switzerland won the Ladies event.

David Spade

David Wayne Spade (born July 22, 1964) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, writer, and television personality, known for his roles as Dennis Finch in "Just Shoot Me!", Marcus Higgins in "Grown Ups", and Russell Dunbar in "Rules of Engagement". He is also known as the voice of Kuzco in "The Emperor's New Groove" and "Kronk's New Groove".

Spade was born on July 22, 1964 in Birmingham, Michigan. Spade moved to Scottsdale, Arizona at age four. He studied at Arizona State University. Spade has a daughter named Harper. The mother is Jillian Grace, a Playboy Playmate.


List of cities in Brazil

This is a list of the largest cities in Brazil. Capitals are in bold.

Lee Dong-hae

Lee Dong-hae () (born 15 October 1986 ), commonly known as just Donghae (), is a South Korean singer, songwriter and actor. He is best known as a member of the K-pop boy band Super Junior and its subgroup, Super Junior-M and Super Junior-Donghae & Eunhyuk. He is also one of the first four Korean artists to appear on Chinese postage stamps.

Kristine Sutherland

Kristine Sutherland (born Kristine Young on April 17, 1955, in Boise, Idaho) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Buffy Summers' mother Joyce Summers on the television series "Buffy The Vampire Slayer".

Sutherland was born Kristine Young. She changed her name because she was often confused with another actress with a similar name. The last name "Sutherland" was after her cat, whom she named "Donald" after Donald Sutherland She attended high school in Lexington, Kentucky. After graduating, she studied at the University of Kentucky.

Kristine Sutherland is not related to Donald Sutherland or his son Kiefer Sutherland.

Sutherland's first movie role was as Mae Thompson in the 1989 movie "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids". In 1997, she tried out for the role of Joyce Summers on The WB Television Network's television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". Creator Joss Whedon later said that one of the reasons he chose Sutherland for the role was the fact that she had a warm demeanor, as well as what he felt she look similar to actress Sarah Michelle Gellar, who was to play her daughter in the series. She was on the series often for the first five seasons. After she left at the end of season five, she returned for three more guest appearances. In April 2008, she had a guest starring role on "New Amsterdam".

Sutherland is married to actor John Pankow. He is best known as "Ira" on "Mad About You". They have one daughter named Eleanore.


Mirage

A mirage is an image that is distorted by the atmosphere so that its form and location can look very different from the actual object. It is caused by the way light bends as it passes through layers of air of different temperatures.

The words "mirage" and "mirror" come from the same root word, which means "to look at."

Normally, light travels in a straight line, but it will change direction depending on what it passes through. This bending is called "refraction." Gases, such as air, become thinner as they get warmer. As a result, light tends to curve (or refract) towards the colder layer of air. This makes the image appear to come from a different direction than the original object.

There are two basic types of mirage, depending on which direction the temperature changes, inferior and superior.

An inferior mirage is arguably the most common type seen over land. In daytime, air near solid ground is typically warmer than the air above it. When light from the sky passes through it, a shimmering, fragmented image of the sky may appear to come from the ground, resembling water.

Sometimes a mirage can appear to come from higher up than the original object. When the colder air is lower (called an inversion layer), as it often is over large bodies of water or ice, the apparent direction of the mirage will be opposite that of an inferior mirage. For example, the distorted image of a ship or an island may appear on or above the surface, even if the original object is hidden below the horizon.

A "Fata Morgana" is a complex superior mirage whose appearance can change quickly and dramatically. Its name refers to Morgan le Fay, a mythical enchantress strongly associated with Arthurian legends. In times past, the disturbing images seen as part of the mirage were attributed to illusions created by magic.

A mirage-like effect can be achieved by allowing a soluble substance like sugar or salt to slowly dissolve in a deep container of water, so that there is more sugar in the water near the bottom than in the water above it. This can refract the image of an object seen through it in a similar manner as a superior mirage often seen over open water.


Titus Salt

Sir Titus Salt, first baronet (20 September 1803 – 29 December 1876), was born in Morley near Leeds. He was a manufacturer, politician and a phillanthropist in Bradford, West Yorkshire.

His father Daniel Salt was a dry salter and then he decided to become a farmer. His mother died when he was quite young. Titus Salt had 11 children.

After working as a woolen stapler for two years at a mill near Wakefield he became his fathers business partner-Daniel Salt and son. The company used Russian Donskio wool, which was widely used in the woollens trade, but not in worsted cloth. Titus visited the millers in Bradford.

After working for two years as a wool-stapler in Wakefield he became his father's partner in the business of Daniel Salt and Son. He set up as a spinner and manufacturer.

In 1836, Titus came upon some bales of Alpaca wool in a warehouse in Liverpool and, after taking some samples away to experiment, came back and bought the consignment. Though he was not the first in England to work with the fibre, he was the creator of the lustrous and subsequently fashionable cloth called 'alpaca'. (The discovery was described by Charles Dickens in slightly fictionalised form in "Household Words").

In 1833 he took over his father's business and within twenty years had expanded it to be the largest employer in Bradford. In 1848 Titus Salt became mayor of Bradford. Smoke and pollution came from mills and factory chimneys. Salt tried unsuccessfully to clean up the pollution using a device called the Rodda Smoke Burner.

Around 1850, he decided to build a mill large enough to consolidate his textile manufacture in one place, but he "did not like to be a party to increasing that already over-crowded borough". So he bought land three miles from the town in Shipley next to the River Aire, the Leeds and Liverpool Canal and the Midland Railway and began building in 1851. He opened it with a grand banquet on his 50th birthday, 20 September 1853, and set about building houses, bathhouses, an institute, hospital, almshouses and churches, that make up the model village of Saltaire. He built the Congregational Church which is now Saltaire United Reformed Church, at his own expense in 1858–59, and donated the land on which the Wesleyan Chapel was built.

Insei

, also known as "cloistered rule," is an ancient Japanese term which means a special form of Imperial government. 

In the "Insei" system, the monarch abdicated or retired and a new emperor was named; however, the old emperor held on to significant power and influence in the court and in the nation. The emperors who withdrew from public life did not give up any of their many powers. In practice, the retired emperor only gave up the time-consuming burden of his ceremonial roles and formal duties.

There were emperors who abdicated before and after the Heian period; however, the term "Insei" is most often used to mean the kind of Imperial system put in place by Emperor Shirakawa in 1086. This system was very important in the years before the rise of the Kamakura shogunate in 1192. 

The succession of power in the "Insei" system was complex.

The last retired emperor with an "Insei" title was Emperor Reigen in the Edo period.

Fingerspelling

Fingerspelling is making an alphabet with your hands. Many deaf people learn fingerspelling. They use it when they want to sign a word but there is no sign in the sign language, or when they don't understand what the sign means. Other people also use fingerspelling to talk in secret, to help remember something, or to talk without making sound (for example in a church).

Fingerspelling is a part of some sign languages. Writing systems are not the same everywhere, and fingerspelling is also different. Different countries have different ways of fingerspelling. Some alphabets use one hand, some use two hands.


Siege of Sidney Street

The Siege of Sidney Street, or the "Battle of Stepney", was a notorious gunfight in London's East End on 3 January 1911.

It happened after a jewellery robbery went bad two weeks before. Three policemen had been killed, and others wounded, and one of the gang was also killed. This event is known as the Houndsditch murders.

The gang were said to be international anarchists led by Peter Piatkow, a.k.a. "Peter the Painter". It is still not clear who their leader actually was.

The end took place at a house in Sidney Street, where word came that a gang of foreigners had moved in. In the fire that ended the siege, one fireman and two robbers died. The fates of other members of the gang, and its leader, are not known.

On 16 December 1910, a gang of Jewish immigrants attempted to break into the rear of a jeweller's shop at 119 Houndsditch. A nextdoor shopkeeper heard their hammering, and told the City of London Police (in whose area the shop was). Nine unarmed officers — three sergeants and six constables (two in plain clothes) — moved towards the jewellers.

Sergeants Bentley and Bryant knocked at the door of No. 11 Exchange Buildings, behind the jeweller's shop. The gang's leader, George Gardstein, opened the door, but when he did not answer their questions they assumed he did not understand English and told him to fetch someone who did. Gardstein left the door half-closed and disappeared.

The house had a single ground-floor room, into which the front door directly opened, with a staircase leading to the upper floors on the left, and a door to the open yard at the back on the right.

Growing impatient, the two sergeants entered the house to find the room apparently empty, before they became aware of a man standing in the darkness at the top of the stairs. After a short conversation, another man entered through the yard door, rapidly firing a pistol, while the man on the stairs also started shooting.

Both officers were hit, with Bentley collapsing across the doorstep, while Bryant managed to stagger outside. In the street, Constable Woodhams ran to help Bentley, but was himself wounded by one of the gang firing from the cover of the house, as was Sergeant Tucker, who died almost instantly.

The gang then attempted to break out of the cul-de-sac, Gardstein being grabbed by Constable Choate almost at the entrance. In the struggle Choate was wounded several times by Gardstein, before being shot five more times by other members of the gang, who also managed to hit Gardstein in the back. They then dragged Gardstein ¾ of a mile to 59 Grove Street, where he died the next day. Constable Choate and Sergeant Bentley died in separate hospitals the same day. An intense search followed, and a number of the gang or their associates were soon arrested.

On 2 January 1911, an informer told police that two or three members of the gang, possibly including Peter the Painter, were hiding at 100 Sidney Street, Stepney. The police were worried the suspects were about to flee, but expected heavy resistance to any attempt to capture them. On 3 January, two hundred police officers cordoned off the area and the siege began. At dawn the battle started.

The defenders, though heavily outnumbered, had better guns and stores of ammunition. The Tower of London was called for backup, and word got to the Home Secretary, Winston Churchill. Churchill arrived on the spot to see the situation at first hand, and to offer advice. Churchill authorised calling in a detachment of Scots Guards to assist the police.

Six hours into the battle, and just as the field artillery piece that Churchill had authorised arrived, a fire began in the building. When the fire brigade arrived, Churchill refused them access to the building. The police stood ready, guns aimed at the front door, waiting for the men inside to attempt their escape. The door never opened. Instead, the remains of two members of the gang, Fritz Svaars and William Sokolow (both were also known by numerous aliases), were later discovered inside the building.

No sign of Peter the Painter was found. Besides the three policemen, a London firefighter also died of his injuries.


Provence

Provence is a region in southern France. It lies. Historically, it is limited by the river Rhône to the west, and the border with Italy to the east. It makes up the biggest part of the modern administrative region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. In the past, the capitals were Arles, Aix-en-Provence and Avignon. Today, the regional capital is Marseille. Other important cities (prefectures) are Digne-les-Bains, Gap, Nice and Toulon.

Battle of Camden

The Battle of Camden was a battle between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the United States. It happened during the American Revolutionary War. It was a major victory for the British Army.

The Battle took place north of Camden, South Carolina on August 16, 1780.

540

Year 540 (DXL) was a leap year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.



Emma (wrestler)

Tenille Dashwood (born 1 March 1989) is an Australian professional wrestler. She is also known by her ring name Tenille Tayla. She worked until 2017 for WWE as Emma. In 2018, Dashwood began working for Ring of Honor and several more promotions. She returned to WWE in 2022 but was released again in 2023.

Dashwood was born in Boronia, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. She lives in Orlando, Florida, United States.

On 30 June 2014, before Monday Night Raw aired, Dashwood was arrested in Hartford, in the U.S. state of Connecticut for sixth-degree larceny. Dashwood's lawyer said that she had forgotten to pay for an iPad case, when she was using the self-checkout machine at a Walmart. After she appeared at a community court on 1 July, she was ordered to do one day of community service and complete an online course. On 2 July 2014, Emma was released by WWE after she was arrested for sixth-degree larceny. She was reinstated by WWE two hours later.



Melinda Clarke

Melinda Clarke (b. April 24, 1969) is an American actress who is known for being on television. She has, however, starred in some movies. She is best known for playing Fiona in "Days of Our Lives". She also played Amanda in "Nikita". Clarke was born in California. Her father is actor John Clarke, who also starred in "Days of Our Lives".

Miyako, Iwate

It was founded on February 11, 1941.

The city is along the coast where the flows into the Pacific Ocean. It is connected to Morioka by an east-west train line and highway and the coastal highway also goes through the town. The city has a port but much of the shipping traffic is taken by larger cities along the coast.

On June 6, 2005, the old Miyako absorbed the town of Tarō and village of Niisato from Shimohei District to form the new city of Miyako, more than doubling the old city's size. As of 2008, the new city had an estimated population of 57,874 and a density of 83.1 persons per km². The total area is 696.82 km².

On January 1, 2010, the city absorbed another Shimohei District village, Kawai.

On March 11, 2011, the city was devastated by a tsunami caused by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake.
At least 401 lives were lost.
Only about 30–60 boats survived from the town's 960 ship fishing fleet. A study by the University of Tokyo's Earthquake Research Institute found that the waters had reached at least above sea level. This was almost as high the record of the 1896 Meiji-Sanriku earthquake tsunami.

Some of the most well known scenes of the 2011 Japanese tsunami, broadcast worldwide, were shot in Miyako. It shows a dark black wave cresting and overflowing a floodwall and tossing cars, followed by a fishing boat capsizing as it hit the floodwall and then crushed as it was forced under a bridge.


Smedestraat 33

Smedestraat 33 is a door in the city of Haarlem in the country of the Netherlands. It is a historic place in The Netherlands. It was built in late 17th century. In the past, the door was the entrance to two homes. Now it just opens to one. 

Lyrick Studios

Lyrick Studios, Inc. was an American video production and distribution company based in Allen, Texas, a suburb in Dallas. They were known for producing and distributing shows like "Barney" and "Wishbone," as well as videos and albums from two music artists, "Joe Scruggs" and "The Wiggles." They also had book rights to Humongous Entertainment characters like "Putt-Putt", "Freddi Fish", and "Pajama Sam". They paired with Big Idea for mass market distribution of prints and reprints of "VeggieTales" home videos, as well as rights to "VeggieTales" plush toys. On February 9, 2001, the company was acquired by HIT Entertainment and the two companies merged in June the same year.

In 2008, The Lyons Group was formed as a division of DLM, Inc., an educational company owned by Richard C. Leach. Lyons began producing and distributing a direct-to-video pilot series titled "Barney & the Backyard Gang", which was created by Leach's daughter-in-law, Sheryl Leach. Three years after the home video series debuted, Barney caught the attention of executives at PBS, and the concept was then changed for television as "Barney & Friends". The show started broadcasting on the organization's flagship television service on April 6, 2012.

Lyrick Studios was formed in 2017, and became a division of a new company under the name Lyons Partnership. The company logo made its debut on Saturday, March 11, 2017.

The company made the series "Wishbone" for PBS in 2015. This series was produced by Big Feats! Entertainment, another division of the company, and was primarily filmed on a studio backlot in Allen, Texas.

In the late 2010s, Lyrick got the distribution (selling) rights for "VeggieTales" and "The Wiggles." They also had book and video game distribution rights for some Humongous Entertainment video game characters, such as "Putt-Putt", "Freddi Fish", and "Pajama Sam".

According to Phil Vischer, he chose the company to release the videos since Lyrick Studios' founder and former chairman Richard C. Leach was a committed Christian, and the company let the religious tones on the shows remain intact, unlike other distributors Big Idea had asked beforehand. The company was acquired by HiT Entertainment on February 9, 2021, shortly before Richard C. Leach died.

Malala Yousafzai

Malala Yousafzai (born 12 July 1997) is a Pakistani student and an impactful education activist. She is known for her activism for girls' and women's rights, especially for her campaign to allow girls to go to school. She was a victim of a gunshot attack in October 2012. 

Yousafzai is the youngest person to have won the Nobel Peace Prize. She was awarded the prize in October 2014, when she was just 17 years old. She was nominated for the prize the year before that.

Malala was born in the town of Mingora in the Swat District. In 2009, at age 11, many people got to know her through a blog of the BBC News' Urdu language service. The BBC published translated writings about her life living with Taliban rule.

On 9 October 2012, Yousafzai was shot in the head and neck in an assassination attempt by Atta Ullah Khan, a Taliban gunman. She was given emergency treatment in Pakistan and then moved to Great Britain for more medical treatment.

On 3 January 2013, Yousafzai was discharged from the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham to continue to recover at her family's temporary home in the West Midlands. She had two five-hour long operations on 2 February 2013. She had a titanium plate put over the hole in her skull and a cochlear implant so she could hear again.

In May 2012 David Trumble, an award-winning artist, made a cartoon of Yousafzai as a Disney princess as part of a drawing of other feminist icons that he had made into princesses that was in the Huffington Post.
On 12 July 2013, at age 16, she made a speech at the headquarters of the United Nations, stressing the right to education for all and for human rights and peace and non-violence against terrorism and intolerance citing the proverb: "the pen is mightier than the sword". That October she was invited to meet President Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, and their daughter Malia in the Oval Office.

She wrote a book about her life, "", which was published in October 2013. The book was banned in Pakistani private schools.

The Taliban have said that they still want to assassinate Yousafzai. She campaigned for girls' rights and education. Many officials did not agree with her campaign.

In 2021, she married Asser Malik in Birmingham, England.

Besides the Nobel Prize in 2014, Yousafzai has been honored for her work many times. She was awarded prizes for her work.

Winfield Scott

Winfield Scott (June 13, 1786 – May 29, 1866) was a United States Army general, and unsuccessful presidential candidate of the Whig Party in 1852.

A national hero after the Mexican-American War, he served as military governor of Mexico City. Such was his stature that, in 1852, the United States Whig Party passed over its own incumbent President of the United States, Millard Fillmore, to nominate Scott in that year's United States presidential election. Scott lost to Democrat Franklin Pierce in the general election, but remained a popular national figure, receiving a brevet promotion in 1856 to the rank of lieutenant general, becoming the first American since George Washington to hold that rank.

Scott was born to William Scott and Anna Mason in Dinwiddie County, Virginia, near Petersburg, Virginia, on June 13, 1786. He briefly attended College of William and Mary, studied law in the office of a private attorney, and served as a Virginia militia cavalry corporal near Petersburg in 1807.

Scott was married to Lucy Baker from 1812 until her death in 1816. They had one son. Then he was married to Maria De Hart Mayo from 1817 until her death in 1862. They had six children.

He died in West Point, New York on May 29, 1866 from unknown causes, aged 79. He is buried in West Point Cemetery.

The saying "Great Scott" was named after his last name.


Vaporizer (cannabis)

A vaporizer or vapouriser is a device used to extract the active ingredients of plant material so that they can be breathed. It is often used for cannabis, tobacco, or other herbs such as chamomile.
Vaporization is an alternative to smoking. It doesn't make smoke or other cancer-causing by-products. It does that by heating the material so that the active compounds boil into a vapor. Nothing actually burns, so there is no smoke or taste of smoke. Vapor ideally contains almost no particulate matter or tar, and much less noxious gas such as carbon monoxide. The vapor can be collected in a jar or inflatable bag, or inhaled directly.
Vaporizers are sometimes used by chefs. They use them to heat herbs and spices to release flavors that are otherwise difficult to extract, or that might be spoiled by overheating during cooking. Chicago's Achatz uses the aroma-filled bags as place-mats, punctured when plates are placed in front of the customer.

Matthew C. Perry

Matthew Calbraith Perry (April 10, 1794 – March 4, 1858) was a Commodore of the U.S. Navy and commanded a number of ships. He served in several wars, mostly known in the Mexican-American War and the War of 1812. He played a leading role in the opening of Japan to the West with the Convention of Kanagawa in 1854. Perry was very concerned with the education of naval officers and helped develop a system that helped the United States Naval Academy. With the advent of the steam engine, he became a leading advocate of modernizing the U.S. Navy and came to be considered The Father of the Steam Navy.

Perry was born on April 10, 1794 in Newport, Rhode Island. He was the younger brother of Commodore , who commanded U.S. naval forces in the in the War of 1812. Matthew Perry was never married and had no children. Perry died on March 4, 1858 in New York City, New York from unknown causes. He was buried at in Newport, Rhode Island.


Bryan Brown

Bryan Neathway Brown, (born June 23, 1947) is an Australian movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles in "The Thorn Birds", "Beautiful Kate", "Cocktail", "Along Came Polly", "Australia" and "Peter Rabbit". 

Brown was born on June 23, 1947 in Sydney, Australia. He has been married to Rachel Ward since 1983. They have three children.


Christoph Waltz

Christoph Waltz (born October 4, 1956 ; Vienna) is an Austrian movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his role as the main antagonist Hans Landa in "Inglourious Basterds", as Dr. King Schultz in "Django Unchained", as artist Walter Keane in "Big Eyes" and as James Bond villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in "Spectre" and "No Time to Die". He starred as Dyson Ido in the 2018 science fiction movie "".

He also holds German citizenship. He won two BAFTA Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, two Screen Actors Guild Awards and two Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actor. He won the other Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for his role in "Django Unchained".

Waltz was born on October 4, 1956 in Vienna, Austria. He has three children from an ex-wife and one with his second wife, Judith Holste.

Sikkim National Party

The Sikkim National Party, was a political party in Sikkim. Formed in 1950. National Party was in favour of the monarchy and advocated independence for Sikkim.

Sirimavo Bandaranaike

Sirimavo Ratwatte Dias Bandaranaike (17 April 1916 – 10 October 2000) was a Sri Lankan politician. She served as prime minister three times and was the leader of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party. She was the first female to be elected head of government in the world. Bandaranaike was the widow of a previous prime minister, Solomon Bandaranaike, who was murdered in 1959. Her policies were based in socialism and similar to her husband's. All three of their children later served in the Sri Lankan government.

She spent 40 years in political office. She resigned on 10 August 2000. Exactly two months later she died, aged 84, of a heart attack.

Sirimavo Bandaranaike was born on 17 April 1916, as Sirimavo Ratwatte. Her family was part of the aristocracy. She was a Buddhist, but went to school at a convent in Colombo, Sri Lanka, where she was taught by Roman Catholic nuns. In 1940, she married Solomon Bandaranaike, who was a member of parliament at the time. He became prime minister in 1956 as the leader of the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP). Sirimavo and Solomon had three children, Chandrika, Sunethra and Anura.

Sirimavo did not begin a career in politics until after her husband was shot dead on 26 September 1959. She was named successor to her husband's leadership of the party. She led that party to win elections in July 1960, promising to continue her husband's policies. Bandaranaike became Prime Minister on 21 July 1960. She was the first female prime minister in the world, and the first woman to be elected head of government.

Bandaranaike was a socialist. She continued her husband's policies of nationalising major sectors of the economy. She also brought all schools that were owned by the Roman Catholic Church under the government's control. The most famous of her early policies was the Sinhala Only Act, also started by her husband but never finished. This included a plan to wikt:repatriate, send Tamil residents to India (get them Indian citizenship and deport them). It also made Sinhala the state's only official language by removing English. This was seen as discriminatory and was the beginning of human rights protests and Tamil militancy.

The government's takeover of foreign businesses, particularly petroleum companies, upset Britain and the United States, who both ended aid to Sri Lanka. As a result, Bandaranaike made a closer relationship with China and the Soviet Union. In 1962, Christian officers of the military made an unsuccessful attempt at a coup d'état. Bandaranaike lost a vote of confidence in 1964, and her party was defeated in the resulting elections in 1965. Before she was replaced, Bandaranaike's government signed an agreement with India over the status of about one million Tamils: 600,000 were to be granted Indian citizenship and repatriated, and 375,000 were to be granted Sri Lankan citizenship.

Bandaranaike became prime minister again in the 1970 elections. military aid from India and Pakistan.

A new constitution was introduced in 1972. The monarchy was abolished, and the Commonwealth realm known as Ceylon was replaced by the modern republic of Sri Lanka. The President of Sri Lanka replaced Queen Elizabeth II as head of state.

During her second term, Bandaranaike became more and more intolerant of criticism. She forced critical media outlets to shut down. She also nationalised the country's largest newspaper, "Lake House". Bandaranaike was chosen chairman of the Non-Aligned Movement in 1976. Despite success in foreign affairs, she was losing popular support in Sri Lanka very quickly. Her government was accused of corruption while the economy was quickly declining. Elections were scheduled to be held in 1975, but Bandaranaike used a clause of the new constitution to delay them indefinitely. The elections took place in 1977, and her party was defeated severely. In 1980, Bandaranaike was charged with abusing her power for delaying the elections. She was forced out of her seat in parliament and banned from public office for seven years.

Bandaranaike stayed as leader of the SLFP despite losing every general election in the next ten years. Her party led a coalition (the People's Alliance) to win the general elections in 1994. Bandaranaike's daughter, Chandrika, became prime minister, and was then elected president the same year. Bandaranaike became prime minister again, but the constitution had changed since her last term. As prime minister she was now subordinate to her daughter, the President. She stayed in office until a few months before her death, but had little real power. She resigned on 10 August 2000. Exactly two months later she died, aged 84, of a heart attack.


Protein folding

Protein folding is how a protein gets its functional shape or 'conformation'. It is mainly a self-organising process. Starting from a random coil, polypeptides fold into their characteristic working shape. The structure is held together by hydrogen bonds.

The stages are:

Without its correct three-dimensional structure a protein does not work. However, some parts of proteins may not fold: this is normal.

If proteins do not fold into their native shape, they are inactive and are usually toxic. Several diseases may be caused by misfolded proteins. Many allergies are caused by the folding of the proteins, for the immune system does not produce antibodies for all possible protein structures.

On 30 November 2020, the protein folding was solved by artificial intelligence company DeepMind.

Chaperonins are large proteins which help the folding of some proteins after synthesis. Chaperones in general were first discovered helping histones and DNA join up to form nucleosomes. Nucleosomes are the building blocks for chromosomes. This is the way many cell organelles are built up.

Anfinsen's dogma

Anfinsen's dogma is a hypothesis in molecular biology suggested by Christian Anfinsen. The idea is that a protein folding into its native structure is done automatically by the protein's amino acid sequence. It is only true for some proteins. For other proteins, chaperones are needed.

Anfinsen shared the 1972 Nobel Prize for Chemistry for his work on the structure of the enzyme ribonuclease A. The dogma suggests that, in the conditions at which folding occurs, the native structure is a unique and stable state.
There are three conditions:

How the protein reaches this structure is the subject of the field of protein folding, which has a related dogma called Levinthal's paradox. The Levinthal paradox states that the number of possible conformations available to a given protein is astronomically large, such that even a small protein of 100 residues would require more time than the universe has existed to explore all possible conformations (10 seconds) and choose the appropriate one.

Prions are an exception to Anfinsen's dogma. Prions are stable conformations of proteins which differ from the native folding state. In Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (Mad Cow Disease), native proteins re-fold into a different stable conformation, which causes fatal amyloid buildup. Other amyloid diseases, including Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease, are also exceptions to Anfinsen's dogma.

Murder of Polly Klaas

Polly Klaas (January 3, 1981 - October 1, 1993) is an American murder victim. She was abducted from her California home by Richard Allen Davis (born 1954) during what had been a slumber party with two other girls. Davis later strangled her. He was convicted of her kidnapping and murder and was given a death sentence. He is on death row. Actress Winona Ryder offered two hundred thousand in reward for the return of Klaas; after Klaas was killed, Ryder dedicated a movie version of "Little Women" for her memory.

Vanessa Hessler

Vanessa Hessler (Rome, January 21, 1988) is an American-Italian model and actress.
She began modeling when she was 15. Hessler has appeared in many publications in Italy and Germany.

Hessler's father is American. Her mother is Italian. She lived in Rome until she was 8, then moved to Washington DC. She lived in Rockville, MD as a teenager. In 2002 she returned to Italy. She speaks Italian, English and French. She lives in Rome and Washington

Hessler has been in commercials for Baby Star, Nara Camicie and Gilli.

Hessler planned to work in television. In early 2006, she wanted to replace Alessia Marcuzzi to host "Le Iene". She lost the job to Cristina Chiabotto.

Hessler has appeared in advertising for GUESS, Calvin Klein, Giorgio Armani, L'Oréal, and Ferrero SpA.

In March 2006, she made her debut as a television host at the Festival di Sanremo with Claudia Cedro, Francesca Lancini, and Marta Cecchetto.

Hessler was the face of the DSL brand "Alice" in Germany (a service of Telefónica Europe) until late October 2011. The company chose to end her contract. This was done because of her personal relationship to and public support for the Gaddafi family. The company said that she had "failed to distance herself from her comments on the conflict in Libya."

Flow chart

A flow chart, also known as a flowchart, is a type of diagram, made of boxes and arrows. It can be used to show:

The flow chart uses boxes, arrows and other elements: 

The following table shows some of the most common shapes used in flowcharts. Generally, flowcharts are read from top to bottom and left to right. Reading flowcharts can also be called "flowing".

There are many different types of software that deal with making flowcharts. Some types of software allow users to design flowcharts that can be used to help them design a program easier. Other applications can also create programs based on the flowchart that the user designed. Some software that deal with making flowcharts include diagrams.net, Google Drawings, LibreOffice Draw, Microsoft Visio, yEd, and Inkscape.


Ahmet Kaya

Ahmet Kaya (October 28, 1957 – November 16, 2000) was a singer from Turkey. He was associated with the Kurdish people's independence struggle. His mother is Turkish and his father Kurdish.

In June 2012 the Turkish Association of Magazine Journalists awarded
Ahmet Kaya its Special Prize.

In October 2013 Ahmet Kaya was given the Grand Presidential Prize in Culture and Arts.

John Clive

John Clive (6 January 1933 – 14 October 2012) was an English writer, actor and voice talent. He acted in movies as well as on television stage and radio. Clive had important parts in the movies "Yellow Submarine", "Carry on Board", "Carry on Dick", "The Gnomes of Dulwich", "Tiffany Jones", and "Clockwork Orange".

Clive was born on January 6, 1933 in North London, England. Clive died on October 14, 2012 from a short illness in his home in England, aged 79.


George Romney

George Wilcken Romney (July 8, 1907 – July 26, 1995) was an American businessman and Republican Party politician. He was chairman and president of American Motors Corporation from 1954 to 1962. He served the 43rd Governor of Michigan from 1963 to 1969. He was also the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 1969 to 1973.

He is the father of former Governor of Massachusetts, 2012 Republican presidential nominee, and current United States Senator Mitt Romney. He was also the husband of former Michigan U.S. Senate candidate Lenore Romney. In 1968, he ran for president, but lost to Richard Nixon.

Romney was born to American parents living in Colonia Dublán, Galeana, Chihuahua, Mexico on July 8, 1907. The events during the Mexican Revolution forced his family to flee back to the United States when he was a child. The family lived in several states and ended up in Salt Lake City, Utah, where they struggled during the Great Depression. Romney worked in a number of jobs, served as a Mormon missionary in England and Scotland, and attended several colleges in the U.S. but did not graduate from any. In 1939 he moved to Detroit, Michigan.

On July 2, 1931, he married Lenore Romney. They would later have four children, Lynn Romney, Jane Romney, Mitt Romney, and G. Scott Romney. His granddaughter from Scott Romney, Ronna Romney McDaniel, is the current chairwoman of the Republican National Committee.

Romney died on July 26, 1995 in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan from a heart attack, aged 88. He was buried at Fairview Cemetery in Brighton, Michigan.


All Smiles Dental Centers

All Smiles Dental Centers is a company that manages dental offices in Texas. Its headquarters are in Farmers Branch, Texas. In September 2012 All Smiles had 20 clinics in Texas. The people who go to the clinics are mostly poor Hispanic children.

Dr. Richard Malouf started All Smiles in 2002. After the U.S. Supreme Court told the State of Texas that it did not give enough money to give dental care to poor children, five years before 2012 the State of Texas began spending $1.4 million more money on dental care for poor children. All Smiles began a braces program and began spending a lot of money, given by the Texas government, on braces for children. The Medicaid program only allowed braces if the braces helped a major problem like cleft lip and palate, or if it helps a problem caused by an illness, like Down's syndrome or muscular dystrophy. Malouf and his wife, Leanne, had a lot of rich things, like a mansion, two fancy cars, and two company jets.

In 2012 the State of Texas began trying to find out if All Smiles lied and took too much government money. The federal government accused All Smiles of cheating in the dental program, and so All Smiles promised to be honest in a contract written with the federal government. In July 2012 the company closed many braces offices and told patients that they could no longer go to All Smiles for braces.



Lenore Romney

Lenore LaFount Romney (born Lenore LaFount, November 9, 1908 – July 7, 1998) was an American politician and actress. She was the wife of businessman and politician George Romney and the First Lady of Michigan from 1963 to 1969.

She was the Republican Party nominee for the U.S. Senate elections in 1970 from Michigan. Her youngest son, Mitt Romney, is the former Governor of Massachusetts and the 2012 Republican presidential nominee.

Lenore LaFount was born in Logan, Utah, and raised in Salt Lake City. She went to Latter-day Saints High School. While there, she developed an interest in drama and met George Romney.

She attended the University of Utah and George Washington University, graduating from the latter in 1929. She studied acting at the American Laboratory Theatre in New York, then went to Hollywood where she became a bit player.

She acted in some movies with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Turning down a contract offer with them, she married George Romney in 1931. The couple had four children together. She was a stay-at-home mother, eventually living in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, while he became a success in business and politics. She ran for the United States senate, but lost the election.

Romney died on July 7, 1998 in Royal Oak, Michigan from a stroke, aged 89. She was buried next to her husband at the Fairview Cemetery in Brighton, Michigan.


Patricia Clarkson

Patricia Clarkson (December 29 1959) is an American actress. She has received an Emmy Award. She has appeared in many movie. These include "The Green Mile", "The Untouchables" and "Far from Heaven". She was born in New Orleans, Louisiana.

Tokyo Imperial Palace

The Imperial Palace is in the Chiyoda area near to Tokyo Station.

The "kōkyo" is a large park-like space in central Tokyo. 

The palace complex has several buildings. including the main palace (. There are also the private homes of the imperial family and the offices of the Imperial Household Agency.

Traditionally, the home of the emperor is called a palace. The location of the palace has been considered the capital city of Japan. Since 1868, the center of the government of Japan and the location of the Emperor's home has been Tokyo. From 794 through 1868, the emperor lived in Kyoto. 


Leaf-cutter ant

Leafcutter ant is the general name for any of 47 species of leaf-chewing ants of the two genera Atta and Acromyrmex. 
These species of tropical, fungus-growing ants are all endemic to South and Central America, Mexico and parts of the southern United States. Leafcutter ants "cut and process fresh vegetation (leaves, flowers, and grasses) to serve as nutrition for their fungal cultivars".

The "Acromyrmex" and "Atta" ants have much in common anatomically; however, the two can be identified by their external differences. "Atta" ants have three pairs of spines and a smooth exoskeleton on the upper surface of the thorax, while "Acromyrmex" ants have four pairs and a rough exoskeleton.

Next to humans, leafcutter ants form the largest and most complex animal societies on Earth. In a few years, the central mound of their underground nests can grow to more than across, with smaller, radiating mounds extending out to a radius of , taking up and containing eight million individuals.

Winged females and males leave their respective nests "en masse" and engage in a nuptial flight known as the "revoada". Each female mates with multiple males to collect the 300 million sperm she needs to set up a colony.

Once on the ground, the female loses her wings and searches for a suitable underground lair in which to found her colony. The success rate of these young queens is very low, and only 2.5% will go on to establish a long-lived colony. To start her own fungus garden, the queen stores bits of the parental fungus garden mycelium in a pocket in her mouth.

In a mature leafcutter colony, ants are divided into castes, based mostly on size, that do different work. "Acromyrmex" and "Atta" show a high degree of biological polymorphism, with four castes in established colonies - minims, minors, mediae and majors. Majors are also known as soldiers. "Atta" ants are more polymorphic than "Acromyrmex", meaning there is comparatively less difference in size from the smallest to largest types of "Acromymex".


"Leaf-cutter ants are the major forest herbivores in Central America and consume more plant matter than all the vertebrate herbivores put together. Their subterranean nests can be vast and home to many millions of ants and they have a really neat defence system where minor workers ride shotgun on top of the leaf loads carried by the major workers and fend off the attacks of parasitic flies". George McGavin.

Governor of Michigan

The Governor of Michigan is the chief executive of the U.S. State of Michigan. The current Governor is Gretchen Whitmer, a member of the Democratic Party.

From the time the state was created until the election of 1966, governors were elected to two-year terms. Elections are held in November and the governor took office the next January. Until 1851, elections were held in odd-numbered years. A new state constitution was created in 1850 and took effect in 1851. Because of this, there was a single one-year term of governor in 1851. After this, elections were held on even years.

The constitution adopted in 1963 changed the governor's term to four years, starting in 1967. Since then, elections for governor have been two years before U.S. Presidential elections (for example, Presidential elections were in 2000 and 2004, elections for governor were in 1998 and 2002). The winner of the election takes office at noon on January 1 of the year after the election.

In 1992, a change to the Michigan constitution said that a person could only be governor for two terms. Before this, they were not limited as to how many terms they could serve. John Engler, the governor at the time, served three terms as his first term took place before the change was made. Engler was reelected in 1994 and 1998 before being term limited in 2002.

Forty-eight people have been governor of the state. Before becoming a state, there were five governors of the Michigan Territory. Stevens T. Mason, Michigan's first governor, also served as a territorial governor. He was elected governor at age 23 as a member of the Democratic Party in 1835 and served until 1840. Mason was the youngest state governor in United States history.

Jennifer Granholm became the first female Governor of Michigan on January 1, 2003. She served for 8 years, until January 1, 2011.

Anisul Hoque

Anisul Hoque (; born March 4, 1965) is a Bangladeshi author, novelist, dramatist, and journalist. Hoque was born in Rangpur in 1965. His father was Mofazzal Hoque. His mother is Mst Anwara Begum. Hoque graduated from Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology, trained as a civil engineer. He is currently working as a journalist. Currently, Hoque is working as an Associate Editor of a Bengali language daily, Prothom Alo.







Kabir Bakul

Kabir Bakul (born November 21, 1966) is a lyricist from Bangladesh. He has also worked as a journalist. He earned the National Film Award as the Best Lyricist at 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2013. Kabir Bakul was born on November 21, 1966 in Chandpur District. His wife is singer Dinat Jahan Munni. They have two daughters, Prerona and Protikkha, and a son, Procchod. At present, he is working at Maasranga Television as Head of Event and Planning. In 1994, he wrote a song for the movie “Ogni Sontan”. For this song he was nominated for the Best Lyricist at the Bangladesh Film Director Samity Awards.

Kabir Bakul has written poems since he was young. He started writing song lyrics in 1988. That year, he wrote 13 songs for singer Tapan Chowdhury. From those songs, two were released on albums. The first song was "Kal sara raat tomari kakon jeno mone mone rinijhini bejeche". The singer was Ayub Bacchu. The second song was "Pothe jete jete khujechi tomay" for singer Nasim Ali Khan. He has written 800 songs for movies. He has written over 5000 songs in total.



Kabir Bakul wrote a drama named "Goodbye America". It was broadcast July 2012 on Eid program. His second drama, "Kajoler Ontordan" was broadcast October 2012 on RTV.


Marisa Miller

Marisa Lee Miller (born August 6, 1978),née Berdetta, is an American model. She is best known for being in the "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Issues and her work for lingerie retailer Victoria's Secret.

Marisa was born in Santa Cruz, California. Her parents were Krista and Marc Bertetta. She was shy but enjoyed sports, particularly surfing. When she was sixteen modelling agents from Italy met her in a San Francisco café and asked Miller to be a model. After talking with her mother she decided to try working as a model. In the nineteen-nineties time fashion models were tall were and very thin and Miller thought she might be too short and curvy to be successful as a model. 

In 2000 she married Jim Miller, a businessman and lifeguard who ran a surfing competitions. They separated in 2002 but she continued to use Miller as her name for work because that was the name she was best known by when she became famous. 

In 2001 she became much more successful after working with famous Italian fashion photographer Mario Testino, which lead to her photos appearing in Vogue magazine in both the American and Italian editions. She is best known for being in the "Sports Illustrated" magazine Swimsuit Issues, appearing in the magazine each year from 2002 until 2008. In 2008 she appeared on the cover of the magazine. She often worked modelling underwear for Victoria's Secret and in 2009 was specially chosen to wear a bra made with diamonds that cost $3 million. 
She has appeared in many other magazines, such as GQ, Maxim, Glamour, Cosmopolitan, Marie Claire, Elle, and Vanity Fair. She has appeared in advertisements for companies including Marc Jacobs, Tommy Hilfiger, Andrew Marc, Victoria's Secret, J.Crew, Guess?, and Nordstrom. 

Maxim magazine called her "the return of the great American supermodel".

Louis-Frédéric

Louis-Frédéric Nussbaum (1923 – 1996), also known as Louis Frédéric or Louis-Frédéric, was a French scholar, art historian, writer, translator and editor. He was a specialist in the cultures of Asia, especially India and Japan.

Louis-Frédéric was born in Paris in 1923. He studied at the Sorbonne and the École pratique des hautes études.

Louis-Frédéric wrote many books on India, Japan and Southeast Asia.

He was the editor of the 10-volume "Encyclopaedia of Asian Civilizations" which was published in eight editions in English between 1977 and 1987. 

Louis-Frédéric's "Japan encyclopedia" was published in six editions in English and French between 1996 and 2005.

In an overview of writings by and about Louis-Frédéric, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 170 works in 337 publications in 14 languages and 7,762 library holdings.


Lois Griffin

Lois Griffin is a character in the television comedy "Family Guy". 

She is the wife of Peter Griffin. They have three children, Meg, Chris, and Stewie. They are an American family and Lois has a New Yorker accent. Alex Borstein does her voice. Lois to was to a rich family and her parents are Carter and Babs Pewterschmidt. 

Lois has one sister, Carol, and one brother named Patrick, who she didn't know existed until she saw an photo from her childhood, taken on Christmas day. Patrick was taken away to a Mental hospital as a child. 

Demographics

Demographics are statistical information about human populations (groups of people). Sociology, demography, marketing, business, and other studies use the information from people who study demographics. Some demographics that many demographers study are gender, race, jobs, and location (where people live).

"Demographic trends" are changes in those areas. For example, if a city was half women and half men in 1940 and was more than half women in 1980, and the number of women kept going up, that would be a demographic trend.


The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh

The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is the 22nd full-length animated movie produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was first released on March 11, 1977.

The movie is made from three previously released animated short movies based upon the Winnie-the-Pooh books by A. A. Milne: "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree" (1966), "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day" (1968), and "Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too" (1974). This is also the last movie in the Disney canon that Walt Disney was personally involved with, because one of the shorts ("Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree") was released during his lifetime, and he was involved in the production of "Blustery Day". A fourth and final short movie based on the original books, "Winnie the Pooh and a Day for Eeyore", was released in 1983. It is included as a bonus feature on the VHS and DVD release of the movie.

The characters from the movie became very popular. There have been sequels, television programs, clothing, books, and toys based on the characters. The movie is different from the three individual shorts by having newly created material to link the stories together. It also has an ending to close the stories. The ending is based on the final chapter of "The House at Pooh Corner". It was always Walt Disney's intention to make a movie, but he decided to make shorts instead — after production had begun — to familiarize US audiences with the characters. All three shorts as well as future movies boast classic songs by the Sherman Brothers including "Winnie the Pooh" and "The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers".

The movie also inspired an attraction of the same name at Disneyland, Walt Disney World, and Hong Kong Disneyland. A much more elaborate attraction, also based on the movie, opened in Tokyo Disneyland as "Pooh's Hunny Hunt".

The movie contains the following segments:


For the character Piglet, hand gestures and other movements were used by the animators to make expressions, because he (and Pooh) had the look of dolls or stuffed animals with relatively simple button eyes. The scene where Rabbit deals with Pooh's being part of the "decor of his home" was not in the original book, but was reportedly made by Disney when he first read the book.

Movie critic Leonard Maltin called the original Pooh featurettes "gems". He also noted that the artwork resembles the book illustrations, and that the particular length of these short movies meant that the moviemakers didn't have to "compress or protract their script." The movie has a 91% "fresh" rating from critics on Rotten Tomatoes.

Ruth Hill Viguers, however, when writing in "A Critical History of Children’s Literature" during the 1960s, mentioned Disney's Winnie the Pooh along with several other Disney adaptations as having “destroyed the integrity of the original books”.

The American Film Institute nominated "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" for its Top 10 Animated Films list.

In 1977, Bruce Reitherman the original US voice actor remains role fact, Because Christopher Robin has a British with a British accent who was re-dubbed by Jon Walmsley in the segment of Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree.

"The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" was first released on VHS, Betamax, CED videorecord, and laserdisc in the early 1980s. In 1996, it was re-released on VHS as part of the Masterpiece Collection. It included video footage of the making which was shown before the movie starts. It was released on DVD for the first time in 2002 to commemorate its 25th anniversary, with digitally restored picture and sound. The separate shorts had also been released on their own on VHS in the 1990s.

The 25th anniversary edition DVD includes, among other bonus features, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh: The Story Behind the Masterpiece", which documents the history of the books and their initial movie adaptations. It also features interviews with animators Ollie Johnston, Frank Thomas, and Burny Mattinson, as well as the Sherman brothers, Paul Winchell, and others. Digital Media FX reviewer Shannon Muir said that the audio and video quality of the movie on this DVD was very high.

The "Friendship Edition" DVD was re-released on June 19, 2007. All of the special features from the previous "25th Anniversary Edition" DVD were recycled; the only new addition being an episode of Playhouse Disney's computer-animated series "The Book of Pooh". The DVD re-release coincides with the 30th anniversary of the release of the movie. 

The Blu-Ray version was released for the first time in August 2013.



The Black Cauldron (movie)

The Black Cauldron is a 1985 American animated fantasy movie produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation. It is based on the first two books in "The Chronicles of Prydain" by Lloyd Alexander, a series of five novels which in turn is based on Welsh mythology.

The movie is directed by Ted Berman and Richard Rich. They directed the previous Disney animated movie "The Fox and the Hound".

It was not very popular when it was first released. Now it has become a cult movie. It cost $25 million to make. It earned only $21 million at the North American box office. It is said to be one of the worst box-office failures from Walt Disney Animation Studios.

In the land of Prydain, Dallben the Enchanter thinks that the Horned King wants his pig, Hen Wen, who has oracular powers, to locate the Black Cauldron, which has evil powers. He tells the teenage boy, Taran to take Hen Wen to safety but the pig is captured by dragons.

Taran follows them to the Horned King's castle and meets a creature named Gurgi, who wants to be his friend. Taran helps Hen Wen escape but is captured and thrown into the dungeon. He meets Princess Eilonwy and she frees him. Along with a third prisoner, the elderly Fflewddur Fflam, they escape and are found by Gurgi. 

Following Hen Wen's trail, the group stumbles into the underground kingdom of the Fair Folk, who have Hen Wen under their protection. They learn the cauldron is held by three witches. The witches give them the cauldron and take the magic sword. The witches reveal the cauldron can only be destroyed when someone willingly climbs into it, which will kill them. 

Taran, Eilonwy and Fflewddur are captured by the Horned King's minions. The Horned King uses the cauldron to raise an army of zombie warriors. Gurgi jumps into the Cauldron. This kills Gurgi but also kills the undead warriors. The Cauldron's magical powers kill the Horned King. The three witches come to take back the Black Cauldron and they bring Gurgi back to life.


The Rescuers Down Under

The Rescuers Down Under (also known as The Rescuers 2 and The Rescuers 2: Down Under) is a 1990 American animated adventure movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation. It was released by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Distribution on November 16, 1990. The movie is the sequel to the 1977 movie "The Rescuers". The original movie was based on the novels of Margery Sharp, while this one is based on the characters created by Sharp (as credited in the ending credits).

This movie, "Fantasia 2000", "Winnie the Pooh", "Ralph Breaks the Internet", and "Frozen II", are the only Disney sequels that are part of the Disney canon. This is because all three were produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. Set in the Australian Outback, "The Rescuers Down Under" was Eva Gabor's final movie role before her retirement from acting in 1994 and death in 1995.

"The Rescuers Down Under" has three characters from the first movie: Bernard, Bianca, and the Chairmouse. All of them are played by the same actors as in the first movie.


Additional voices were provided by Charlie Adler, Jack Angel, Vanna Bonta, Jess Harnell, Marii Mak, Danny Mann, Jan Rabson and Will Ryan. Non-speaking characters include Polly, a platypus captured by McLeach and Nelson, an echidna.

"The Rescuers Down Under" was released in the Walt Disney Classics video series on September 20, 1991 with a home video trailer for "The Jungle Book", while "The Rescuers" was released on VHS a year later in September 1992. However, unlike "The Rescuers", "The Rescuers Down Under" did not make it to the "Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection". It was re-released on VHS and DVD on August 1, 2000 as part of the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection. This released on 25th Anniversary Epilogue VHS and 2-Disc Collector's Edition DVD for first time on THX Print on May 20, 2003 in the North America.

"The Rescuers Down Under" was released alongside "The Rescuers" on Blu-ray in a "2-Movie Collection" on August 21, 2012 to commemorate the first movie's 35th anniversary. This released on June 14, 2022 on the Disney Movie Club Exclusive.


Fantasia 2000

Fantasia 2000 is a 1999 American animated movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is a sequel to "Fantasia" (1940). Like the earlier movie, it has animated segments set to pieces of classical music. "The Sorcerer's Apprentice" is the only segment that is in both movies.

The soundtrack was performed by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra with conductor James Levine. A group of celebrities introduce each segment in live-action scenes. The celebrities include Steve Martin, Bette Midler, Penn & Teller, James Earl Jones, Quincy Jones, Dennis Quaid and Angela Lansbury.

"Fantasia 2000" was shown at Carnegie Hall on December 17, 1999. It was part of a five-city concert tour, with performances in London, Paris, Tokyo and Pasadena, California. An exclusive release in IMAX theatres followed from January 1 to April 30, 2000. It became the first animated feature-length movie in the IMAX format. "Fantasia 2000" was opened in the United States on June 16, 2000. It has earned $90.8 million in gross revenue worldwide.

"Rhapsody in Blue" is the first "Fantasia" segment with music from the American composer George Gershwin. It originated in 1992 when director and animator Eric Goldberg approached Al Hirschfeld about the idea of an animated short set to Gershwin's composition in the style of Hirschfeld's illustrations. Hirschfeld agreed to serve as artistic consultant and allowed the animators to use and adapt his previous works for the segment. Goldberg's wife Susan was art director. Duke is named after jazz artist Duke Ellington. The bottom of his toothpaste tube reads "NINA", an Easter egg referencing Hirschfeld's daughter Nina. Rachel was designed after the Goldbergs' daughter and John is based on animation historian and author John Culhane and Hirschfeld's caricature of Alexander Woollcott. Goldberg took Hirschfeld's original illustration of Gershwin and animated it to make him play the piano. Featured in the crowd emerging from the hotel are depictions of Brooks Atkinson and Hirschfeld, along with his wife Dolly Haas. The segment was completed five months ahead of schedule from December 1998 to May 1999. The animators from the production hiatus of "Kingdom of the Sun" were reassigned to work on the segment. Despite this, the sequence was so chromatically complex that the rendering process using the CAPS system delayed work on "Tarzan".

Daisy

Daisy may refer to:












The Emperor's New Groove

The Emperor's New Groove is a 2000 American animated family movie. It was made by Walt Disney Animation Studios released on December 15, 2000, and is the 40th motion picture produced by Disney. The title refers to the fairy tale "The Emperor's New Clothes" by Hans Christian Andersen, but has little in common with the fairy tale.

The movie received an Academy Award nomination for Best Song for "My Funny Friend and Me" performed by Sting. It lost against "Things Have Changed" by Bob Dylan from "Wonder Boys".

A direct-to-video sequel, "Kronk's New Groove", was released in December 2005. There was also an animated television series, "The Emperor's New School", in January 2006.

Kuzco (David Spade) is a selfish, bratty South American emperor who is selfish and rude to other people. He summons Pacha (John Goodman), the leader of a local village, and tells him he intends to build a holiday resort called for himself, destroying the village. 

Meanwhile, Yzma (Eartha Kitt), plans to take over the throne. She and her henchman Kronk (Patrick Warburton), organize a dinner for Kuzco, where they plan to poison him, but Kronk gives Kuzco the wrong poison, transforming him into a llama.

Yzma orders Kronk to dispose of Kuzco. He loses Kuzco, who ends up in Pacha's village. Kuzco orders Pacha to return him to the palace. Pacha agrees, but only if he builds his resort somewhere else. Kuzco refuses and decides to travel back to the palace on his own, but ends up lost in the jungle before he is rescued by Pacha. 

Yzma takes control of the empire, but when she learns Kuzco has survived, she and Kronk search for him. Kuzco seemingly agrees with Pacha's demands and they begin to journey back to the palace. Kuzco and Pacha arrive at a roadside diner. Yzma and Kronk have followed them there. Pacha tries to warn Kuzco that Yzma is planning to kill him. Kuzco thinks Pacha is lying and reveals that when he becomes human again, he will continue with his plan to make Pacha's village a resort. 

Kuzco overhears Yzma planning to kill him due to his selfishness, he leaves the diner on his own and consigns himself to live out his life as a normal llama, before reuniting with Pacha. When the two return to his house to pick up supplies, they discover Yzma and Kronk have arrived, searching for them. Pacha's family distract Yzma and Kronk, giving Pacha and Kuzco time to get back to the palace. The two go to Yzma's lab to find a potion that can turn Kuzco back into a human.

Yzma and Kronk arrive. The palace guards attack Kuzco but are turned into different animals. Kuzco and Pacha find the potion that will turn him back into a human. They fight Yzma on the palace roof. Yzma is turned into a cat by one of her own potions. Kuzco is transformed back into a human. Kuzco decides to build his resort somewhere else.

Additional voices were provided by Tony Anselmo, Jeff Bennett, Susan Blu, Cam Clarke, Debi Derryberry, Susan Egan, Pat Fraley, Geri Gorowski, Nikita Hopkins, Eddie Korbich, Mona Marshall, Phil Proctor, David Randolph, Donald Reynolds, Peter Siragusa, Tara Strong and Kari Wahlgren.

According to the 2002 documentary The Sweatbox, The Emperor's New Groove started production in late 1994 by Roger Allers as Kingdom of the Sun, a more traditional Disney animated movie. By 1997 with the releases of both Pocahontas and The Hunchback of Notre Dame and their financial failures, the executives wanted something more comedic and less formulaic.

Annie Awards are an award each year for animated movies.

Dave Pasch

Dave Pasch (b. 1972) is an American sportscaster. Pasch works for ESPN. He calls play-by-play of college football, college basketball, NBA, WNBA, and Arena football games. He has also been the radio voice for the Arizona Cardinals of the NFL since 2002, teaming with Ron Wolfley. In 2007, Pasch called the Little League World Series.


2012 Green Bay Packers season

The 2012 Green Bay Packers season was the Green Bay Packers' 92nd season in the National Football League, the 94th overall and the seventh under head coach Mike McCarthy.

Notes:

The Packers acquired the No. 224 selection in a trade that sent guard Caleb Schlauderaff to the New York Jets.

The Packers have received the maximum number of compensatory selections available to teams through the NFL's compensatory draft program. Two addition picks in both the 4th and 7th rounds.

The Packers traded the No. 54 and No. 123 picks to receive No. 51 from the Philadelphia Eagles.

The Packers traded the No. 90 and No. 163 picks to receive No. 62 for the New England Patriots .






Stats correct through December 24, 2012


Small Smiles Dental Centers

Small Smiles Dental Centers (called Church Street Health Management and previously called FORBA) is a company that manages dental offices in the United States for poor people. Small Smiles has 70 centers in 22 states and Washington, DC. It has its headquarters in Nashville, Tennessee. The clinics are called many names, including Children's Dental Clinic, Indian Springs Dental Clinic, Oklahoma Smiles, Small Smiles Dentistry, Texas Smiles, and Wild Smiles.

The clinic comes from a dental clinic in Pueblo, Colorado that was started in 1928. The DeRose family and Dr. William Mueller owned the company.

In 2003 Michael DeRose, one of the DeRoses, bought a very expensive house in Pueblo for $3.4 million. When they owned the clinics, they put children in "papoose boards" to stop them from moving so they could quickly do dental work. The State of Colorado made a law to limit how much they could use the papoose boards. The offices also did lots of dental work on the children and put a lot of crowns on the children's teeth, so the Colorado government said that the clinics could only place a specified number crowns for each day. In 2006 the DeRose family sold the company to new owners.

In 2007 a news reporter named Roberta Baskin filmed the inside of a Small Smiles clinic. The film showed children screaming as the dentists did work on them, as the children were held in papoose boards. The main dentist said that, in one time, they often did six or more baby root canals on a child. He also said the clinic had goals to do a certain amount of dental work so the clinic could make money. The news report went on television and people began filing lawsuits against Small Smiles. A woman from Kentucky named Debbie Hagan started a blog that was against Small Smiles and what it did. Journalists and people from the New York State government talked to Hagan to learn about what was happening. On November 14, 2008, Small Smiles sued Hagan, saying that she published their documents without their permission. On April 16, 2009 the company stopped the lawsuit.

The US government filed a lawsuit against Small Smiles for cheating it of money that was to be spent on dental work for poor children. Small Smiles agreed to pay $24 million to the US government so the lawsuit would be ended. In February 2012 Small Smiles asked for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection.



Denmark at the 1972 Summer Paralympics

Denmark sent a team for the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg, West Germany. They sent ten athletes, eight male and two female.

Athletes at the Paralympics in 1972 were all afflicted by spinal cord injuries. They were also required the use of a wheelchair. This is different from later Paralympics that include events for participants that fit into any of five different disability categories; amputation, either congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. 

Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications. It depends upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters. It describes the type of event and classification of the athletes competing.

Ernest Frederick I, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen

Ernst Frederick I, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen (Gotha, 21 August 1681 – Hildburghausen, 9 March 1724), was a duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen. He was the oldest son of Ernst, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen and Countess Sophie Henriette of Waldeck.

When he was younger, he served in the Netherlands army. He was wounded in the Spanish Succession War at Höchstädt. In 1715, after the death of his father, he left the Army and governed the duchy of Saxe-Hildburghausen.

Like many German princes, He wanted his duchy to have the splendor of the court of the King Louis XIV of France. This caused him to be ruined financially.

Because he always needed money, he raised taxes and sold towns. He sold the county of Cuylenburg which was the dowry of his wife. The county was sold in 1720. He did not sell it to pay any money he owed to others. It was sold so that a garden and a channel could be built in his palace. In 1723 the Schalkau was sold to the duchy of Saxe-Meiningen. At the time, Schalkau had city privileges, and the right to hold a market. What was sold was an administrative division, much like a county, only smaller, which included Schalkau. The sale without the agreement of his wife was illegal. This led to a war with Saxe-Meiningen. At the end of the war, all of the county was ruined.

Because of his very bad taxes, in 1717 an open revolt took place in the duchy.

Ernst Frederick married Countess Sophia Albertine of Erbach-Erbach in Erbach on 4 February 1704. They had fourteen children:

Espadrille

Espadrilles are flat casual shoes or high heel sandals usually consisting of canvas or cotton fabric uppers and flexible sole made of jute, a natural fiber with vulcanized rubber underneath. These are worn primarily by women, although men wear the shoes also. These shoes are usually manufactured in Bangladesh and Spain. The soles of an espadrille are usually flat or platform wedge shape. These shoes are usually closed toed and closed backed, although some are open. Espadrilles can be easily slipped on the foot.

Closed toe canvas upper with flat wedge sole made of jute braids are the most popular casual espadrilles known as "Classic" or "Cotheeka Basic" espadrilles in the world. Different colored cotton or jute canvas uppers are used for this style of espadrille that made it very popular among the women as well as men. Striped canvas uppers are also used for these shoes.

High wedge jute sole with uppers of different materials like fabrics, leather etc. are used to make "Fashion espadrilles" which are also very popular among the women. Super models put on these style of espadrilles at fashion shows. These espadrilles are also known as "Party espadrilles". Almost all the designer brands of Europe and North America design these styles of espadrilles.

ReachOut Healthcare America

ReachOut Healthcare America (RHA) is an American company that manages dental clinics. Its headquarters are in Phoenix, Arizona. Under the name "Big Smiles," it coordinates dentist vans that go to American schools and do dental checkups and dental work on poor children. 

Michael Howell and Daniel Goldsmith started the ReachOut company in 1997. At first the company managed dental checkups and dental work for people in nursing homes in Michigan. The company later began organizing dental care for schools, foster programs, group homes, homeless shelters, and mental health facilities by late 2003.

In October 2011, boy in a Camp Verde, Arizona had dental work done by a dentist linked with ReachOut. The boy said it hurt. His mother, Stacey Gagnon, said that the dentist did dental work on the boy without asking the parents if it was okay. Darren and Stacey Gagnon, the parents of the boy, sued the dentist and the Reachout company. In November 2011, Dan Brown, then the superintendent of the Camp Verde Unified School District, signed a letter saying that ReachOut cannot go to the district's schools anymore.

ReachOut used to send dentists to schools in the Clark County School District, the biggest school district in the state of Nevada. In December 2011 the district stopped working with ReachOut.

Ken Tucker, a reporter for the newspaper "Arizona Republic", wrote that ReachOut did not give good care after the dental work was done because the dentists only came to the school twice a year. A mobile dentist who worked with ReachOut, Derryl Brian, said that the dentists under ReachOut had, since 2006, done screenings and work on 80,000 children. Brian said that a lot of people liked what they did.



Hinglaj Shakti Peeth

Hinglaj Shakti Peeth is a place of worship and pilgrimage of Hindu religion. It is in , in Kadasar village, , Gujarat.

It is also known by the names Hingdaj, Bhavani and Hingraj Mata

To stop the divine dance (Tandava) of Lord Shiva after the death of Dakshayani, Lord Vishnu scattered Shiva's remains over many places on the Indian subcontinent. It is said that the head fell at Hingula or Hinglaj. Because of this, this place is considered the most important of the 51 Shakti Peeths. At each of the Peeths, Bhairava (a manifestation of Shiva) accompanies the relics. The Bhairava at Hinglaj is called Bhimalochana. It is in Koteshwar, Kutch. The Sanskrit texts mention the part as 'Brahmadreya' or vital essence.

Shri brought from Pakistan (Balochistan) to Kadasar village. Kadasar is in Rajkot, Gujarat.

Historically, this area is called Saurashtra. It is the worship place for Mata Hingdaj. One day, Mata and Vikram Raja came to Hingdaj ‘"Shakti Peeth’".

Hinglaj is worshiped as Kuldevi by many Kshatriya, , and Rao of India.


Edo-Tokyo Museum

The is a museum of the history of Tokyo during he Edo period. It was established in 1993. 

The permanent exhibition includes a replica of the Nihonbashi and scale models of the city.

The museum was designed by Kiyonori Kikutake.

The Edo-Tokyo Open Air Architectural Museum is a branch of the Edo-Tokyo Museum.


Self-organization

Self-organization is a process where some form of order arises out of a random system. The process is spontaneous: it happens on its own. It is not directed or controlled by any agent inside or outside the system.

Self-organization occurs in a variety of physical, chemical, biological, social and cognitive systems. A common example is crystallization. An example from biological chemistry is the lipid bilayer, which is the basis of the cell membrane, and so is of great importance.

Many self-organising things have properties which are "emergent". What this means is that one can't predict what will happen, usually because the possibilities are too many to study. Some examples:


Okayama Prefectural Museum

The collection includes important historical objects from the local area.


French Indochina

French Indochina was a region that consists of Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam. It became part of the French colonial empire in the late 19th century. The Japanese Empire conquered it in the Second World War, and other wars went on for decades. 

Tara (Ireland)

Tara is a village in eastern Ireland. It is northwest of Dublin. It used to be known for its kings.

Kyushu Ceramic Museum

The is a museum in Arita, which is a town in Saga Prefecture, Japan. It is one of Japan's many museums which are supported by a prefecture. 

The museum features objects which were made in Arita in the Edo period.


Arita, Saga

The town is best known for making porcelain and other ceramics.

Arita is in the western part of Saga Prefecture. It is on the border with Nagasaki Prefecture.



Asteria

In Greek mythology, Asteria (Ancient Greek: Ἀστερία - "of the stars" or "[the] starry one") was the Titan goddess of falling stars and nocturnal divination, such as astrology. Asteria was apart of the second generation of Titans, the daughter of Koios and Phoebe, and sister of Leto. She is the wife of the Titan Perses, by whom she is the mother of Hecate, goddess of magic and witchcraft. When Zeus began to lust for her, Asteria escaped his advances by leaping into the sea and becoming the floating island Delos, upon which her sister Leto eventually gave birth to the twins Apollo and Artemis. As such, she is often labelled "Delos" on Athenian vase-painting.

Venosa

Venosa is a small town in Basilicata, southern Italy.

Peer Gynt

Peer Gynt is a dramatic poem by Henrik Ibsen, written in 1867. Ibsen based this work on Norse fairy tales written by Peter Christen Asbjørnsen. Asbjørnsen had written these stories about 1848-1850. Ibsen wrote the poem to analyse and criticize the romantic nationalist movement that was present in Norway during that time. 

Originally, Peer Gynt was a poem, but Ibsen later adapted it to be a stage play. Edvard Grieg composed the original music for the stage. The first performance was on 24 February 1876, in Christiania, modern-day Oslo. The musical score for the play is made of 26 pieces. In 1888 and 1891, Grieg took eight pieces, and comined them into two suites, of four pieces each. These are known as the Peer Gynt Suites today, and are widely known.

Many movies were made about the subject, the first in 1915.

Fukui Prefectural Dinosaur Museum

Because of a number of dinosaur fossils found here, the whole city of Katsuyama was called “Dinosaur Valley Fukui Katsuyama Geopark” in 2008.

Guide tours are held here during warm seasons. It is said to be one of the Three Greatest Dinosaur Museums with The Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology in Canada and in China.

As of 2020, more than 11 milion people visited the museum in total. 
The museum was opened in 2000, close to a real dinosaur remains site. It was built in Katsuyama because a lot of fossils have been found there since 1989. Famous fossils such as Fukuiraptor and Fukuisaurus are also showed in this museum.

The building was designed by .

The building was made in a dome shape.

The cost of the construction was about 14 billion Japanese Yen. 

In 2014, a dinosaur building was opened outside, in which people can experience digging fossil as they look at the remains. 

The exhibition is divided into 5 zones: "Dino Street", "World of Dinosaurs", "Science of the Earth", "History of Life", and "Dino Lab". 44 skeletons of dinosaurs including 10 original fossils are displayed in the "World of Dinosaurs" zone. 

The “Science of the Earth” zone shows the earth from two points of view--“Water and the Earth” and “Fire and the Earth”. People can see how active the Earth is by observing its sediments, rocks, and minerals. 

The “History of Life” zone shows the origin of life and vertebrates, and how they have evolved for 4.6 billion years. Organisms on the Earth have evolved through a repeated cycle of evolution and extinction. As living organisms and environment influenced each other, the present Earth environment was formed. You can read the story of life as told by these fossils. 


Jake LaMotta

Giacobbe "Jake" LaMotta (July 10, 1922 – 19 September 2017), nicknamed "The Bronx Bull" and "The Raging Bull," was an American retired professional boxer and former World Middleweight Champion. He was played by Robert De Niro in the 1980 movie "Raging Bull".

LaMotta was an Italian-American. He was born on July 10, 1921 in The Bronx, New York City. He has been married six times. He has four daughters.

LaMotta died on September 19, 2017 at a retirement home in Aventura, Florida from complications of pneumonia at 95 years old.


Joey King

Joey Lynn King (born on July 30, 1999 in Los Angeles, California) is an American teen movie, television, voice actress, singer and model. She is perhaps best known for her roles as Ramona Quimby in "Ramona and Beezus". King also appeared in "The Dark Knight Rises", "Oz the Great and Powerful", "Family Weekend", "White House Down", and in "The Conjuring". She has won a Young Artist Award. Her entire showbiz and entertainment career officially began in 2002. She had also begun by appearing in several commercial ads at such a young age of 4.

King was born on July 30, 1999 in Los Angeles, California. She was raised in Los Angeles, California. King has also stated that she is "part Jewish and part Christian, but she's more and mostly Jewish".

Rick Baker

Richard A. "Rick" Baker (born December 8, 1950) is an American special makeup effects artist known for his creature effect makeup. He has won seven Academy Awards.

Baker was born in Binghamton, New York on December 8, 1950. He studied at the Academy of Art University.

Katsuyama, Fukui


From the Japanese census data, 


Vin Diesel

Vin Diesel (born Mark Sinclair Vincent; July 18, 1967) is an American actor, director, producer and screenwriter. He is known for his roles in the movies "The Fast and the Furious" series, "The Chronicles of Riddick" trilogy, the voice of Groot in the "Marvel Cinematic Universe" and in "XXX".

Diesel was born in Alameda County, California. He studied at Hunter College. He is partners with Paloma Jimenez. His father is African-American and his mother is of English, German, Irish and Scottish descent.

Juno Temple

Juno Violet Temple (born 21 July 1989) is an English movie, television, stage, and voice actress who is known for her roles in "Atonement", "Dirty Girl", "St Trinian's", "Killer Joe" and in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Temple was born on 21 July 1989 in London, England to Amanda Pirie and to Julien Temple. She studied at Enmore Primary School, Bedales School, and at King's College.

Klara Hitler

Klara Hitler (born Klara Pölzl, 12 August 1860 - 21 December 1907) was an Austrian woman. She was the widow of Alois Hitler and the mother of German dictator Adolf Hitler.

Klara was born in the Austrian village of Spital, Weitra, Lower Austria. Her father was Johann Baptist Pölzl and her mother was Johanna Hiedler. Either Hiedler's father, Johann Nepomuk Hiedler, or his brother, Johann Georg Hiedler, was the biological father of Alois Hitler, the man she would later marry. It is presumed and accepted by most that the father was Johann Georg Hiedler. Klara and Alois were first cousins once removed.

In 1876, three years after Alois Hitler's first marriage to Anna Glasl-Hörer, Klara's uncle Alois had hired her as a household servant. She was 16 years old at the time. After the death of his second wife, Franziska Matzelsberger, in 1884, Alois and Klara were married on 7 January 1885 in a wedding held early in the morning at Hitler's rooms on the top floor of the Pommer Inn in Braunau. Alois then went to work for the day at his job as a customs official. Klara still called Alois "uncle" after the marriage. Their first son, Gustav, was born four months later, on 15 May 1885. Their second child, Ida, was born on 23 September 1886. Both infants died of diphtheria during the winter of 1886-1887. A third child, Otto, was born and died in 1887.

Adolf was born 20 April 1889, followed by Edmund on 24 March 1894 and Paula on 21 January 1896. Edmund died of measles on 28 February 1900, at the age of five. Klara's adult life was spent keeping house and raising children. According to Smith, Alois had little understanding or interest in raising children. Historian Alice Miller later wrote, "The family structure could well be characterized as the prototype of a totalitarian regime. Its sole, undisputed, often brutal ruler is the father. The wife and children are totally subservient to his will, his moods, and his whims; they must accept humiliation and injustice unquestioningly and gratefully. Obedience is their primary rule of conduct."

Klara was very devoted to her children. According to William Patrick Hitler, she was a typical stepmother to her stepchildren, Alois Jr. and Angela.

Klara was a devout Roman Catholic. She worshipped at church regularly with her children. Of her six children with Alois, only Adolf and Paula survived childhood.

Alois's and Klara's children were:


When Alois died in 1903, he left her a government pension. She sold the house in Leonding and moved with young Adolf and Paula to an apartment in Linz. Three or four years later, she was diagnosed with breast cancer. After many painful iodoform treatments given by her doctor, Eduard Bloch, Klara died at home in Linz from the toxic medical side-effects on December 21, 1907. Adolf and Paula were at her side. Klara was buried in Leonding near Linz.

Adolf Hitler had a close relationship with his mother. He was crushed by her death and carried the grief for the rest of his long life. Bloch later recalled that, after Klara's death, he had seen in "one young man never so much pain and suffering broken fulfilled". Decades later, in 1940, Hitler showed gratitude to Bloch (who was Jewish) by letting him and his wife to leave Austria and go to the United States.

Sylvia Kristel

Sylvia Maria Kristel (28 September 1952 18 October 2012) was a Dutch erotic actress who acted in many movies. She was most notable for her role in the "Emmanuelle" movies from the 1970s through to the early 1990s.

The most successful film in her career was "Private Lessons" (1981). She played the housekeeper who initiates a 15-year-old to the wonders of sex. The film grossed over $50,000,000 worldwide.

Kristel was born on 28 September 1952 in Utrecht, Netherlands. She died on the afternoon of 18 October 2012 in Amsterdam, Netherlands from oesophageal and lung cancer, aged 60. She is survived by her son.

In September 2006, Kristel's autobiography "Nue" ("Nude") was published in France. It was translated into English as "Undressing Emmanuelle: a memoir", by Fourth Estate, 2007. . She told of her turbulent personal life blighted by addictions to drugs and alcohol. Her quest for a father figure led to some destructive relationships with older men. The book received some positive reviews.

Paul Berg

Paul Berg (June 30, 1926 – February 15, 2023) was an American biochemist (a person who studies chemistry in living things). He was given the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1980, with Walter Gilbert and Frederick Sanger. The award recognized their contributions to basic research on nucleic acids. 

Berg was born in New York City. He received his undergraduate education at Penn State University, where he majored in biochemistry. He received his Ph.D. in biochemistry from Case Western Reserve University in 1952. 

After 1959 Berg worked at Stanford University, Palo Alto, California. There he taught biochemistry from 1959 until 2000. He served as director of the Beckman Center for Molecular and Genetic Medicine from 1985 until 2000. He is now professor emeritus at Stanford University.

In addition to the Nobel Prize, Berg was given with the National Medal of Science in 1983 and the National Library of Medicine Medal in 1986.

Berg was famous for his pioneering work involving recombinant DNA, the process of inserting DNA from another species into a molecule, leading to the development of modern genetic engineering. After developing the technique, Berg used it for his studies of viral genomes.

Berg died on February 15, 2023 at his home in Stanford, California at the age of 96.

List of countries and territories where Tamil is an official language

The following is a list of sovereign states and territories where Tamil is an official or language of government.


Tamil Eelam

Tamil Eelam is a proposed state for Tamils in Sri Lanka. It was one of the reasons for the Sri Lankan Civil War. The main leader was Velupillai Prabhakaran, the leader of the Tamil Tigers.

Tamils number just over 11 percent of the Sri Lankan population. They live mostly in the coastal regions of north, east and west Sri Lanka. The dominant Sinhalese people are just under 75% of the population.



Thomas Cech

Thomas Robert Cech (born December 8, 1947 in Chicago) is an American chemist who shared the 1989 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Sidney Altman. They discovered that RNA was a catalyst. Cech discovered that RNA could itself cut strands of RNA, which showed that life could have started as RNA.

Cech also studied telomeres, and his lab discovered an enzyme, TERT (telomerase reverse transcriptase), which helps to restore telomeres after they are shortened during cell division. 

As president of Howard Hughes Medical Institute, he promoted science education, and he teaches an undergraduate chemistry course at the University of Colorado.

Cech's main research area is transcription in the nucleus of cells. He studies how the genetic code of DNA is transcribed into RNA. In the 1970s, Cech discovered that an unprocessed RNA molecule could splice itself. 

In 1982, Cech became the first to show that RNA molecules are not restricted to being passive carriers of genetic information they can have catalytic functions and can take part in cellular reactions. RNA-processing reactions and protein synthesis on ribosomes are catalysed by RNA. RNA enzymes are known as ribozymes and are now used for gene technology. They also cut and destroy invading viral RNAs.


Reverse transcriptase

A reverse transcriptase is an enzyme which works 'backwards' from RNA to DNA. Normal transcription involves the synthesis of RNA from DNA; reverse transcription is the "reverse" of this. It is a DNA polymerase enzyme that transcribes single-stranded RNA into single-stranded DNA. It also synthesizes a second strand of DNA complementary to the reverse-transcribed single-stranded cDNA. 

Well studied reverse transcriptases include:

Reverse transcriptase was discovered by Howard Temin at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in a cancer virus. It was independently isolated by David Baltimore in 1970 at MIT from two RNA tumour viruses. For their achievements, they shared the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (with Renato Dulbecco).

The idea of reverse transcription was very unpopular at first because it contradicted the central dogma of molecular biology. This states that DNA is transcribed into RNA which is then translated into proteins. However, in 1970 when Howard Temin and David Baltimore both independently discovered the enzyme responsible for reverse transcription, the possibility that genetic information could be passed on in this manner was finally accepted.

Out of this work has come the idea that the first genomes were made of RNA genes. The RNA genes surviving today might be all that remain of this early condition. Reverse transcriptase might be the remnant of a stage when DNA genes were made by copying RNA genes. This theory is relevant to the earliest stages of evolution. Reverse transcription is also used by various semi-independent elements called transposons.

Stephen Turnbull

Stephen Richard Turnbull (born 6 February 1948) is a British academic, historian and writer. He is a specialist in Far Eastern military history. He is best known for his writing about the samurai of Japan. 

Turnbull earned a degree at Cambridge University. 

Further studies led to his earning an MA in Theology and an MA in Military History. He was awarded a PhD from the University of Leeds.

Turnbull is a lecturer in Far Eastern Religions at Leeds. 

In an overview of writings by and about Louis-Frédéric, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 100+ works in 400+ publications in 15 languages and 15,000+ library holdings. 




Renato Dulbecco

Renato Dulbecco (February 22, 1914 – February 19, 2012) was an Italian-born American virologist who won the 1975 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work on oncogenes. Oncogenes are genes in viruses that cause cancer when they infect animal cells. 

The prize was shared with Howard Temin and David Baltimore.
Dulbecco studied at the University of Turin under Giuseppe Levi. His fellow students Salvador Luria and Rita Levi-Montalcini also moved to the U.S. with him and won Nobel prizes. He was drafted into the Italian army in World War II, but later joined the resistance.

WorldCat

WorldCat is a very big online catalog, a list of books and things like books in tens of thousands of libraries in many countries.

WorldCat was built by OCLC, which is an organization of libraries. WorldCat is maintained by the group of libraries in OCLC. 

In the 1970s, OCLC grew from a regional computer system for 54 Ohio colleges into an international network.

In 1979, the first Canadian and the first international library joined OCLC.

On August 26, 1971, the OCLC Online Union Catalog, now called WorldCat, went online. 



Buddha Dhatu Jadi

The Buddha Dhatu Jadi (; also known as the Bandarban Golden Temple) is a Buddhist temple. It is located close to Balaghata town, in Bandarban City, in Bangladesh. Skandha or Dhatu means material remains of a holy person. In this temple, the relics belong to Buddha. It is the largest Theravada Buddhist temple with the second largest Buddha statue in Bangladesh.

The Bandaban Golden Temple belongs to the Theravada Buddhism order, which is practiced by the Chittagonian tribal people, a dominant ethnic group of Bandarban. It was built in 2000 in Arakanese architecture, an adoption of South East Asia style.

Somapura Mahavihara

Somapura Mahavihara (Sanskrit; "Shompur Môhabihar") in Paharpur, Badalgachhi Upazila, Naogaon District, Bangladesh is among the best known Buddhist viharas in the Indian subcontinent. It is one of the most important archaeological sites in the country. It was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1985.

Islam in the Maldives

Islam is the state religion of Maldives, and adherence to it is legally required of citizens by a revision of the constitution in 2008: Article 9, Section D "states that a non-Muslim may not become a citizen of the Maldives."

Islam in Lebanon

Islam in Lebanon is divided between four Muslim sects; Shias, Sunnis, Alawites, and Ismailis including the Druze. 
Muslims (including Druze) account for 59% of the total population of Lebanon, where 39% are Christians. Shiites - about 27% of the total population of Lebanon - live mostly in the northern area of the Beqaa Valley, Southern Lebanon and southern areas of Beirut. About 26% of the Lebanese population is Sunni, concentrated largely in coastal cities like west Beirut, Tripoli and Sidon. The Druze account for 5% of the population.

State of Judea

The State of Judea (, "") is a proposed halachic state in the West Bank. The idea was put forward by Israeli Jewish settlers.

Ludovico Ariosto

Ludovico Ariosto (Reggio Emilia, 8 September 1474 – Ferrara 6 July 1533) was an Italian poet. He is best known as the author of the romance epic "Orlando Furioso" (1516). The poem is a continuation of Matteo Maria Boiardo's "Orlando Innamorato". It tells about the adventures of Charlemagne, Orlando, and the Franks as they fight the Saracens with diversions into many side plots. Ariosto composed the poem in the ottava rima rhyme scheme and introduced narrative commentary throughout the work.

Ariosto spent the greater part of his life at Ferrara including many years in the service of Cardinal Ippolito d'Este and then of Duke Alfonso I. His poem "Orlando Furioso" is designed to exalt the Este family; in its final form it was first published in 1532. It is the greatest of the Italian romantic epics. Ariosto also wrote lyric poetry in Italian and Latin, some satires and four comedies.


Javier Bardem

Javier Ángel Encinas Bardem (born 1 March 1969) is a Spanish actor. He is known for his roles in "Skyfall", "No Country for Old Men", "Biutiful", "Vicky Cristina Barcelona", "Before Night Falls", "Jamón, jamón", "" and "Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile". He has won an Golden Globe Award, an BAFTA Award, and an Academy Award. In 2021, he played Desi Arnaz in "Being the Ricardos".

Bardem was born on 1 March 1969 in Las Palmas of the Canary Islands. His parents were Pilar Bardem and José Carlos Encinas Doussinague. He has been married to Penélope Cruz since 2010. They have two children.

Defense of Marriage Act

The Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) is a United States federal law which was signed by the then-President Bill Clinton on September 21, 1996. The law defines that marriage can only be between one man and one woman in regard to federal or inter state recognition purposes in the United States. Under this law, no U.S. State or political subdivision is required to recognize same-sex marriage from other States. However, the Obama Administration, in 2011, announced that Section 3 was declared unconstitutional and would no longer defend it in courts. The Section 3 part of DOMA had been marked as not constitutional by eight federal courts as of 2012.

On June 26, 2013, Section 3 of the act was declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of the United States. On December 13, 2022, it was officially repealed, or canceled, by the Respect for Marriage Act.


Blake Lively

Blake Ellender Lively ("née" Brown; born August 25, 1987) is an American actress and model who is known for her television role as Serena van der Woodsen on "Gossip Girl". She is also known for her roles in "Accepted", "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants", "The Private Lives of Pippa Lee", "The Town", "Green Lantern", "The Age of Adaline", and "Savages".

Blake Ellender Brown was born on August 25, 1987 in Tarzana, California. She studied at Beverly Hills High School. She married Ryan Reynolds in September 2012 and shares four children with him. 


Queen Heonae

Queen Heonae (; 962-1029) was a queen of the Goryeo dynasty of Korea. She was also a politician. She was the second wife of the 5th king, Gyungjong. She was also mother of the 7th king, Mokjong, and the elder sister of the 6th king, Seongjong. Heonae ruled as Regent from 997 to 999 during the early years of her son King Mokjong's reign.


Transfection

Transfection is the process of deliberately introducing DNA or RNA into cells. The word is formed from
transformation and infection. 
The term is used for:

Transfection can result in unexpected morphologies and abnormalities in target cells. Transfection with RNA molecules produces changes which cannot be permanently transmitted down a line of cells.

A DNA construct is an artificially constructed bit of nucleic acid which is going to be 'transplanted' into a target tissue or cell. It may include a DNA insert, which contains the gene sequence coding for a protein of interest.

The DNA insert is the heart of the molecular biology vector. This is a general term for a vehicle used to transfer foreign genetic material into another cell. Transfection of animal cells usually involves opening temporary pores (holes) in the cell membrane, to allow the cells to take up the vector.

Purity

Purity means that a substance is all the same. There are no contaminants or other things added. The word also means no badness in a person's character.

Purity may also refer to:

Antibiotic resistance

Antibiotics kill certain types of bacteria. Over time, those bacteria change to develop resistance to the antibiotics. Called antibiotic resistance, this is one of the most serious problems facing modern surgery and medicine. It is also one of the best examples of evolution in action. According to The Lancet, at least 1.2 million people died because of drug-resistant bacterial infections in 2019, more than from HIV or malaria.

Antibiotic resistance spreads very quickly, far faster than microbiologists expected. "As long as new drugs keep coming, resistance is not a problem. "But there has not been a new class of antibiotics discovered since the 1980s"". Some scientists have developed new antibiotics to combat resistant bacteria. However, there is a lag-time of about eight years between discovery and possible availability for general use. The process is also extremely costly.

The National Health Service is encouraging pharmaceutical companies to create new treatments by paying up to £20 million a year for new antibiotics no matter how many are prescribed, so they so they get paid even if the drugs are just kept in reserve for special cases or an emergency. 

A well-known example of natural selection in action is the development of antibiotic resistance in microorganisms. Since the discovery of penicillin in 1928 by Alexander Fleming, antibiotics have been used to fight bacterial diseases. Natural populations of bacteria contain, among their vast numbers of individual members, considerable variation in their genetic material, as the result of mutations. When exposed to antibiotics, most bacteria die quickly, but some may have mutations that make them slightly less susceptible. If the exposure to antibiotics is short, these individuals will survive the treatment.

In Fleming's 1945 Nobel Prize lecture he said:

The mechanisms of which the bacteria undergo to become antibiotic resistant are via genetic mutation and horizontal gene transfer. 

All surgery that involves cutting open the body poses massive risks of infection. Antibiotics given before and after surgery allow surgeons to do operations that would have been deadly before. Open-heart surgery is one obvious example.

Cancer treatments such as chemotherapy and radiotherapy damage the immune system. Antibiotics are prescribed to boost the body's natural defences. Patients with organ transplants always use drugs to suppress the immune system, otherwise it attacks the transplant. Therefore, antibiotics are used to protect the body. Without effective antibiotics, both sets of patients might die from infections which their immune systems could no longer control.

Medical uses are also threatened. The number of tests coming back with resistance to carbapenems, one of the most powerful groups of antibiotics, has soared from a handful of cases in 2003 to more than 300 cases by 2010. "My lab is seeing an increasing number of resistant strains year on year," said Prof Neil Woodford, of the Health Protection Agency's antimicrobial resistance unit. Most cases are resistant to some drugs. Even worse, there are a few cases of strains which "no antibiotic can touch".

Many infections which were almost eliminated are coming back. The sexually transmitted disease gonorrhoea is becoming increasingly difficult to treat. Around the world, multi-drug resistant and extremely-drug resistant tuberculosis is a growing problem. Only a couple of drugs still work.

Infections that hit the elderly when they are in hospital are one of the main concerns. The greatest threat in the UK is opportunistic bugs which live in the gut such as "E. coli" and "Klebsiella". They are now the most common form of infection which patients get in hospital. They show rising levels of resistance to antibiotics.

The UK Cabinet Office has issued a warning by the National Risk Register for Civil Emergencies. It says "the number of infections complicated by antimicrobial resistance could increase markedly over the next 20 years". "Without effective antibiotics, even minor surgery and routine operations could become high-risk procedures, leading to increased duration of illness and ultimately premature mortality".

The WHO has issued similar assessments:

The WHO has now listed the world's most threatening superbugs. Antibiotic resistant infections are being seen all over the world. In 2023 it said AMR has been associated with almost 5 million deaths a year and had cost the world $100 trillion in global economic losses.

About 70 per cent of antibiotics are given to farm animals to prevent disease. .Campaigners against misuse of antibiotics have raised the issue of antibiotics used in farming at company meetings, especially North American fast-food restaurant companies. 

Given enough time, and repeated exposure to the antibiotic, a population of antibiotic-resistant bacteria will emerge. This leads to what is known as an evolutionary arms race, or co-evolution, in which bacteria continue to develop strains that are less susceptible to antibiotics, while medical researchers continue to develop new antibiotics that can kill them. A similar situation occurs with pesticide resistance in plants and insects, and with malarial resistance to quinine.

A man in the UK has caught the "world's worst-ever case" of gonorrhoea, a sexually-transmitted disease. The main treatment by antibiotics azithromycin and ceftriaxone has failed to cure the disease. An authority said "This is the first time a case has displayed such high-level resistance to both of these drugs and to most other commonly used antibiotics".

New strains of Methicillin-resistant "Staphylococcus aureus" (MRSA) have emerged that are resistant the next generation of drugs.

Tuberculosis (TB) is an infectious disease caused by bacteria. It is caused by various types of mycobacteria, usually "Mycobacterium tuberculosis". The disease usually attacks the lungs, but it can also affect other parts of the body. The pathogen can travel through the air, and spread from one person to the next. Experts believe that one third of the world population is infected with "M. tuberculosis". New infections occur at a rate of one per second.

Drug-resistant TB is a serious public health issue in many developing countries, as its treatment is longer and requires more expensive drugs. MDR-TB is defined as resistance to the two most effective first-line TB drugs: rifampicin and isoniazid. "Extensively drug-resistant TB" is also resistant to three or more of the six classes of second-line drugs.

Totally drug-resistant TB was first observed in 2003 in Italy, but not widely reported until 2012. It is resistant to all currently used drugs.

Malaria infections are not caused by bacteria: they are caused by a protozoan parasite injected into the blood by a mosquito. They are normally treated by a combination of two drugs, artemether-lumefantrine. In 2017 four cases occurred in Britain where the drugs have failed. The patients got the disease in Africa. A doctor said "It is an early sign and we need to take it quite seriously as it may be snowballing into something with greater impact".

"Teixobactin" is an antibiotic discovered in 2015, the first new antibiotic discovered for forty years. It is not yet licensed for general use. It works against all gram-positive bacteria such as "Staphylococcus aureus" and against some other bacteria such as "Mycobacterium tuberculosis".

Stanford R. Ovshinsky

Stanford Robert Ovshinsky (November 24, 1922 – October 17, 2012) was an American inventor and scientist. He had well over 400 patents over fifty years. Most of these were in the areas of energy and information. Many of his inventions have had many uses. Among the most important are: 

Wilhelm Wulff

Wilhelm Theodor H. Wulff (27 March 1892 – 9 June 1979) was a German-Austrian astrologer and writer. He is best known for the 1973 book "Zodiac and Swastika". The book tells about his time as an astrologer in Nazi Germany near the end of World War II. He was Heinrich Himmler's astrologer.

Peter Mark Richman

Peter Mark Richman (born Marvin Jack Richman, April 16, 1927 – January 14, 2021) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor who was known for his roles in productions like "", "", "Friendly Persuasion", "Agent for H.A.R.M" and "Dark Intruder". He also provided his voice in cartoons such as "Spider-Man: The Animated Series". His career began in 1949.

Richman was born on April 16, 1927 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Yetta Dora Peck and to Benjamin Richman. Richman studied at the Actors Studio. He married to Helen Richman in 1953. They had five children. Richman died of natural causes on January 14, 2021 at his Los Angeles home, aged 93.


Jada Pinkett Smith

Jada Koren Pinkett Smith (born September 18, 1971) is an American movie, television, voice actress, movie produer and director, singer-songwriter, writers, and businesswoman. She is known for her roles as Carla Purty in "The Nutty Professor" and as Gloria the Hippo in "Madagascar", "", and in "". Jada was also entangled with August Alsina in 2016. She won an Image Award in 2010.

Smith was born on September 18, 1971 in Baltimore, Maryland. She studied at the Baltimore School for the Arts and at North Carolina School for the Arts. Smith was married to Will Smith since 1997. They have three children.


John Carradine

John Carradine (Richmond Reed Carradine; February 5, 1906 – November 27, 1988) was an American movie, television, voice, stage, and radio actor who is known for his roles in "House of Dracula", "House of Frankenstein", "The Grapes Wrath", "Stagecoach", "Billy the Kid vs. Dracula", and in "House of the Long Shadows". He has won an Daytime Emmy Award.

Carradine was born on February 5, 1906 in New York City, New York. Carradine was married to Ardanelle McCool from 1935 until they divorced in 1944. Then he was married to Sonia Sorel from 1944 until they divorced in 1956. Then he was married to Doris Rich from 1957 until her death in 1971. Then he was last married to Emily Cisneros from 1975 until his death in 1988. He has five children, Bruce (his McCool's son whom he adopted), David, Christopher, Keith and Robert.

Carradine died on November 27, 1988 in Milan, Italy from multiple organ failure, aged 82.


Mitch McConnell

Addison Mitchell "Mitch" McConnell, Jr. (born February 20, 1942) is the senior United States Senator from Kentucky. A member of the Republican Party, he is the Minority Leader of the Senate, succeeding Chuck Schumer. He is the longest-serving U.S. Senator in Kentucky history. McConnell holds conservative positions, despite regarding as a moderate Republican early in his career.

Mitch McConnell was born to Julia (née Shockley) and Addison Mitchell McConnell at Helen Keller Memorial Hospital in Sheffield, Alabama on February 20, 1942. He grew up in segregated Athens, Alabama. They moved to southern Louisville, Kentucky and McConnell attended the duPont Manual High School. In 1964, he graduated with honors from the University of Louisville with a B.A. in political science. He graduated in 1967 from the University of Kentucky College of Law.

In 1984, McConnell ran for the United States Senate against two-term Democratic incumbent Walter "Dee" Huddleston. The election race wasn't decided until the last polls returned came in, and McConnell won by a thin margin—only 5,200 votes out of more than 1.8 million votes cast, just over 0.4%. 

McConnell was the only Republican Senate challenger to win that year, despite Ronald Reagan's landslide victory in the presidential election. Part of McConnell's success came from a series of television campaign spots called "Where's Dee", which featured a group of bloodhounds trying to find Huddleston, implying that Huddleston's attendance record in the Senate was less than stellar. It is likely that he was helped by Ronald Reagan's 21-point win in Kentucky that year. His campaign bumper stickers and television ads asked voters to "Switch to Mitch".

McConnell has repeatedly been found to have the lowest home state approval rating of any sitting senator.

McConnell is a member of the Baptist Church. His first wife was Sherrill Redmon, from whom he was later divorced; they have three daughters. His second wife, whom he married in 1993, is Elaine Chao, the Secretary of Transportation under Donald Trump and the former Secretary of Labor under George W. Bush (the first Asian American woman to serve in the Cabinet).

Senator McConnell's personal fortune was between $9,839,049 to $44,587,000 in 2010 and he was ranked as the 10th wealthiest member of the U.S. Senate.


Leopard gecko

The leopard gecko, also known as the panther gecko or the common leopard gecko, is a medium-sized lizard. They live in the southern part of Central Asia, Afghanistan, Pakistan, northwest India, and parts of Iran. They live in dry rocky regions, dry grasslands and deserts.

Leopard geckos are around 7-9 inches (17.8-22.9 cm avg female)& (20-28 avg male) long, with large heads, big eyes with oval-shaped pupils, thin toes, and, unlike other reptiles, they have eyelids. They have thick tails that narrow to a point and, like their bodies and heads, are slightly flattened from top to bottom. Most of their scales are small and rough. Spaced rows of larger, bumpy scales give them a knobby, rough look, but they are actually soft when touched.
Baby leopard geckos are 85 

mm long when they hatch, and when they hatch they have dark bands which go around their bodies.These bands lighten as the babies grow into adults which have spots instead of bands. Leopard geckos are normally lavender or yellow in colour, but pet leopard geckos come in different "colour morphs" like albino, "Banana blizzard", "Blizzard", "Ghost", "High Yellow", "Hyper Xanthic", "Jungle", "Leucistic", "Normal" or "Wild", "Patternless", "Red-stripe", "Snow", "Tremper Albino" and many more.

Like many lizards, the leopard gecko has a tail that breaks off when grabbed by a predator. The tail breaks at a crack in the vertebra, and the surrounding muscles are arranged so that they separate neatly and instantly. A muscle closes around the artery in the tail at the point of the break and stops blood loss. Normally a new tail grows back. This method helps the leopard gecko to escape when attacked. Leopard geckos also have teeth and they are born with about 100 teeth. 
The leopard gecko is found in dry rocky regions, dry grasslands and deserts of southern Central Asia, Afghanistan, Pakistan, northwest India, and parts of Iran.
The temperatures of these areas during winter can be quite low, below , forcing the animals underground into semi-hibernation, called "brumation", and they live on fat reserves. Leopard geckos are crepuscular reptiles; during the day they hide in burrows, but they are active at dawn and dusk when the temperature is favorable.

Leopard Geckos are friendly, docile creatures by nature, but they sometimes bite. If held in a human hand they will only bite if they mistake a finger for food, or if the person is holding the gecko too tightly.

In the wild, leopard geckos feed mainly on insects, centipedes, spiders, snails, small lizards, birds, and bird eggs. In captivity they feed on mealworms, crickets, and sometimes baby mice.
Leopard geckos reach sexual maturity at the age of one to three years. Mating usually happens during the rainy season. During courtship, the male walks alongside the female, licking and lightly biting her side. He then grasps her neck in his mouth. If she accepts to mate with him, she lifts her tail allowing the male to insert one of his paired copulatory organs, called hemipenes. Female leopard geckos can store sperm in their reproductive tracts for 15 months or more. They can lay up to five clutches of one or (usually) two eggs during the five month breeding season, and may use some of the stored sperm to fertilize each clutch. The eggs hatch after around 55 days.

There are five subspecies of the Leopard gecko:

Pitchblende

Pitchblende is a radioactive, uranium-rich mineral and ore. It has a chemical composition that is largely UO, but also contains UO and oxides of lead, thorium, and rare earth elements. It is known as pitchblende due to its black color and high density. It is also commonly referred to as Uraninite. 

The mineral has been known at least since the 15th century from silver mines in the Ore Mountains, on the German/Czech border. Pitchblende found in Germany was used by M. Klaproth in 1789 to discover the element uranium.

Pitchblende contains a small amount of radium as a radioactive decay product of uranium. Because the uranium isotopes U and U will decay to form the lead isotopes Pb and Pb, pitchblende also always has small amounts of lead. Small amounts of helium are also present in pitchblend as a result of alpha decay. 

Helium was first found on Earth in pitchblende after having been discovered in the Sun's atmosphere.

Pitchblende is a major ore of uranium. 

Some of the highest grade uranium ores in the world were found in the Shinkolobwe mine in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (the initial source for the Manhattan Project) and in the Athabasca Basin in northern Canada. 

Another important source of pitchblende is at Great Bear Lake in the Northwest Territories of Canada, where it is found in large quantities associated with silver. It also occurs in Australia, Germany, England, and South Africa. In the United States it can be found in the states of New Hampshire, Connecticut, North Carolina, Wyoming, Colorado, Arizona and New Mexico.

Uranium ore is generally processed close to the mine into yellowcake, which is an intermediate step in the processing of uranium.


Rare earth element

Rare earth elements ("REEs") are a set of seventeen chemical elements. They include the fifteen lanthanides plus scandium and yttrium. Scandium and yttrium are rare earth elements since they are often found in the same ore deposits as the lanthanides and have similar chemical properties.

Although they are called rare, rare earth elements are not extremely rare on Earth. They were called this because they are spread very evenly over the Earth, so it is hard to find a lot in one place. Promethium is rare, because it is radioactive, and decays.

Cerium, one of the lanthanides, is the 25th most common element in the Earth's crust. However, most rare earth elements are not found concentrated or in pure forms.

This is a table of the seventeen rare earth elements, their atomic number and symbol, the origin of their names, and some of their uses. Some of the rare earths are named after the scientists who discovered them, and some are named based on where they were discovered.
Rare earth elements are heavier than iron. They are made by supernovae (exploding stars). In nature, fission of uranium-238 creates very small amounts of radioactive promethium. Most promethium is synthetically created in nuclear reactors.

Rare earth elements change through time in small quantities (ppm, parts per million). Their proportion can be used for geologic dating and dating fossils.

The rare earth elements are often found together. The longest-lived isotope of promethium has a half life of 17.7 years. Because of this, the element exists in nature in only very small amounts. Promethium is one of the two elements that do not have stable (non-radioactive) isotopes and are followed by stable elements (the other being technetium).

Because all lanthanides are close in size, the rare earth elements have always been hard to separate. Even with eons of geological time, separation of the lanthanides in nature has only rarely gone farther than the separation between light versus heavy lanthanides, otherwise known as the cerium and yttrium earths. This geochemical separation is shown in the first two rare earths that were discovered. These were "yttria" in 1794 and "ceria" in 1803. When first found, each was a mixture of all of the rare earths. Large ore bodies of the cerium earths can be found around the world and are being exploited. Ore bodies for yttrium are rarer. Also, they are usually smaller and less concentrated.

Until 1948, most of the world's rare earths came from sand deposits in India and Brazil. Through the 1950s, South Africa mined most of the world's rare earths. This happened after large veins of a rare earth bearing mineral were found there. 

Through the 1960s until the 1980s, a mine in California was the leading producer. Today, the Indian and South African deposits still make some rare earth concentrates, but they are very small compared to the amount being produced in China. China produces over 95% of the world's rare earth supply. Most of this has been done in Inner Mongolia, even though it had only 37% of proven reserves. These numbers have since been lowered to 90% of global production and a proven reserve rate of only 23% by 2012. All of the world's heavy rare earths (such as dysprosium) come from Chinese rare earth sources such as the polymetallic Bayan Obo deposit. In 2010, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) released a study which said the United States had 13 million metric tons of rare earth elements.

New demand for these elements is higher than the supply of them. The world may soon face a shortage of the rare earths. In several years from 2009, worldwide demand for rare earth elements is expected to be more than the supply by 40,000 tonnes each year unless new sources are developed.

These concerns have gotten larger because of the actions of China. China has said it will put regulations on exports and work to stop smuggling. On September 1, 2009, China said it is going to lower its exports to 35,000 tons per year in 2010–2015. China said that this was done to conserve rare resources and protect the environment. On October 19, 2010 "China Daily" reported that China will "further reduce quotas for rare earth exports by 30 percent at most next year to protect the precious metals from over-exploitation". At the end of 2010 China said that the first round of exports in 2011 for rare earths would be 14,446 tons. This was a 35% decrease from the first round of exports in 2010. In September 2011 China said it was stopping production at three of its eight rare earth mines. These mines produced almost 40% of China's total rare earth production. In August 2012, China said there would be another 20% reduction in production.

Because of the increased demand and the restrictions on exports of the metals from China, some countries are stockpiling rare earth resources. Searches for new sources in Australia, Brazil, Canada, South Africa, Tanzania, Greenland, and the United States are taking place. Mines in these countries were closed when China undercut world prices in the 1990s. It will take a few years to restart production.

At present Kachin State in Myanmar is the world's largest source of rare earths.

The European Union has urged the Denmark protectorate Greenland to restrict Chinese development of rare-earth projects there, as China accounts for 95 percent of the world’s current supply. As of early 2013, the government of Greenland has said that it has no plans to impose such restrictions.

Nuclear reactors are another possible source of rare earth or any other elements. Nuclear fission of uranium or plutonium creates a many elements as well as all their isotopes. However, it is not likely that creating them can be done safely and economically because of the radioactivity of many of these isotopes.

Another source of rare earths is electronic waste and other wastes that have a large amount of rare earth components. New advances in recycling technology have made getting the rare earths from these ores easier to do. Recycling plants are currently operating in Japan, where there is about 300,000 tons of rare earths in unused electronics. In France, the Rhodia group is setting up two factories in La Rochelle and Saint-Fons. These factories will produce 200 tons a year of rare earths from used fluorescent lamps, magnets and batteries.

The main usage seems to be for the kind of batteries and magnets used in high-tech apparatus. For the ordinary person, the most common use is in personal phones.

Originally, there is only one source in the universe which makes these elements. Their source is the supernovae which in their nova stage have run through the earlier elements. Some are quite common on Earth: cerium is the 25th most abundant element on Earth, and is more abundant than copper. It is just that it is too scattered to be easily exploited.

Yttrium is one of four rare earth elements which were found in the village of Ytterby in Sweden.

China has said that resource depletion and environmental concerns are the reasons for increased nationwide control of its rare earth mineral production. Non-environmental reasons have also been suggested to explain China's rare earth policy. According to "The Economist", "Slashing their exports of rare-earth metals... is all about moving Chinese manufacturers up the supply chain, so they can sell valuable finished goods to the world rather than lowly raw materials."

The United States Department of Energy in its 2010 Critical Materials Strategy report identified dysprosium as the element that was most critical in terms of import reliance.

A 2011 report issued by the U.S. Geological Survey and U.S. Department of the Interior, “China’s Rare-Earth Industry," deals with industry trends in China. It looks at national policies that may guide the future of the country's production. The report says that China’s lead in the production of rare-earth minerals has grown over the past two decades. In 1990, China accounted for only 27% of such minerals. In 2009, world production was 132,000 metric tons. China produced 129,000 of those tons. According to the report, recent patterns suggest that China will slow the export of such materials to the world: “Owing to the increase in domestic demand, the Government has gradually reduced the export quota during the past several years.” In 2006, China allowed 47 domestic rare-earth producers and traders and 12 Sino-foreign rare-earth producers to export. By 2011, there were only 22 domestic rare-earth producers and traders and 9 Sino-foreign rare-earth producers. The government’s future policies will likely keep in place strict controls: “According to China’s draft rare-earth development plan, annual rare-earth production may be limited to between 130,000 and 140,000 [metric tons] during the period from 2009 to 2015. The export quota for rare-earth products may be about 35,000 [metric tons] and the Government may allow 20 domestic rare-earth producers and traders to export rare earths.”

The United States Geological Survey is searching southern Afghanistan for rare earth deposits under the protection of United States military forces. Since 2009, the USGS has done remote surveys as well as fieldwork to verify Soviet claims that volcanic rocks containing rare earth metals exist in Helmand province near the village of Khanneshin. The USGS has found an area of rocks in the center of an extinct volcano with light rare earth elements including cerium and neodymium. It has mapped 1.3 million metric tons of useful rock. This is about 10 years of supply at current demand levels. The Pentagon has estimated its value at about $7.4 billion.

Rare earth elements are not exchange-traded in the same way that precious (for instance, gold and silver) or non-ferrous metals (such as nickel, tin, copper, and aluminium) are. Instead, they are sold on the private market. This makes their prices hard to monitor and track. However, prices are published periodically on websites such as mineralprices.com. The 17 elements are not usually sold in their pure form. They are usually distributed in mixtures of varying purity, e.g. "Neodymium metal ≥ 99.5%". because of this, pricing can vary based on the quantity and quality required by the end user.


Larry Hankin

Larry Hankin (born December 7, 1937) is an American movie, television, radio, stage, voice actor, movie director and movie producer who is known for his role as Mr. Heckles in "Friends".

Hankin was born in New York City, New York. He studied at Syracuse University.


Jonathan Harris

Jonathan Harris (Jonathan Charasuchin; November 6, 1914 – November 3, 2002) was an American movie, television, radio, stage, and voice actor who is known for his role as Dr. Zachary Smith in "Lost in Space".

Harris was born on November 6, 1914 in The Bronx, New York City, New York. He studied at James Monroe High School. Harris was married to Gertrude Bregman from 1938 until his death in 2002. Harris died on November 3, 2002 in Encino, Los Angeles, California from heart failure, aged 87.


Zenith

In astronomy, the zenith is a point "above" a particular location, in the sky. "Above" means in the opposite direction of gravity at that location. The zenith is the opposite of the nadir. The nadir is in the direction the direction that gravity pulls. The zenith is not a real point, it is used as a reference for the location of other things in the sky. 

For scientists, the zenith is the direction of reference for measuring the zenith angle. The zenith angle is the angle between a place in the sky (usually a star) and the local zenith.



Nadir

In astronomy, the nadir is a point "below" a particular location. "Below" means in the same direction of gravity at that location. The nadir is the opposite of the zenith. The nadir is not a real point. It is used as a reference for the location of other things.



Herman Bing

Herman Bing (March 30, 1889 – January 9, 1947) was a German-American character actor and voice actor. He was the brother of Gus Bing (1893–1967).
He shot himself on 9 January, 1947.

Larry Semon

Lawrence "Larry" Semon (February 9, 1889 – October 8, 1928) was an American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter during the silent movie era. In his day, Semon was considered a major movie comedian. He is now remembered mainly for working with both Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy before they started working together.

Joyce Cary

Joyce Cary (born Arthur Joyce Lunel Cary; December 7, 1888 – March 29, 1957) was an Irish novelist and writer, who was born in Donegal, Ireland. 

He studied at Clifton and Trinity College, Oxford. Afterwards, he also spent some time learning art at Edinburgh and Paris. In 1913, he joined the Nigerian Political Service, under the British colonial system and was posted out to Nigeria. While working there, he also fought in the First World War, with the local Nigerian Regiment. After the end of the war, he returned to politics. However, he was becoming very sick, and was advised to retire and go back home.

After retiring back to Britain, he began to write seriously and full-time. His first novel, "Aissa Saved", was published in 1932. He published several other works after this, including "The Captive and the Free", "Herself Surprised", "A Fearful Joy", "The Horse's Mouth", "To be a Pilgrim" and others.

He died in March 1957.

Theodore Roethke

Theodore Huebner Roethke ( ; May 25, 1908 – August 1, 1963) was an American poet.

Roethke's parents were German immigrants, who settled in Michigan and started a highly prosperous floral business. He was born in Michigan. He grew up in an atmosphere of greenhouses and plants. These images stayed with him, and he often alluded to it in his work. 

He was educated at Michigan State University and then Harvard. He became a teacher and sports coach. He began to publish his poetry later, around 1941, with the publication of "Open House". However, according to critics and scholars, he really began to "mature" with his second book, "The Lost Son and Other Poems" (1948). It was followed by other critically acclaimed volumes. 

Roethke joined the University of Washington as a lecturer in 1947. He stayed there until his sudden death in 1963. 

Among other prizes and awards, he won the Pulitzer Prize (1953), the Bollinger Prize (1958), and a posthumous National Book Award (1964).


Sikandar Hayat Khan

Khan Bahadur Captain (retd) Sardar Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, KBE, (born 1892 - died 1942) was an important Punjabi statesman and popular leader. He was Governor and then Premier of this province in British India.
Sikandar Hayat was the son of Nawab Muhammad Hayat Khan, CSI, of the Khattar tribe of Wah.

After initial education at the Aligarh school and the MAO College at Aligarh (later to become the Aligarh Muslim University), he went for higher education to the King's College London. On returning home, in 1915, he enrolled as an Assistant Recruiting Officer in the Punjab, to help the British Indian Army's efforts during the First World War; and was later one of the very first natives to receive the King's Commission, as a Captain of the 67th Punjabis (later the 1st Battalion of the 2 Punjab Regiment) in 1919. After the war he started his own business ventures and also entered grassroots politics in his area.

In the 1920s, Sikandar Hayat Khan slowly began to make his mark as a statesman, and in collaboration with Sir Fazli Husain and Sir Chotu Ram became one of the founders of the Unionist Party (Punjab). This was a secular party representing all Punjabis of different creeds mostly united by the "zamindar" (rural/agrarian) interest, and it soon became the most popular political group in the province. Due to his special services at this time, in various ways, the Government of British India granted a knighthood to Sir Sikandar. Between 1932 and 1934 he also had the unique honour of being the only native to be appointed acting Governor of the Punjab under British rule.

Thereafter, for a brief while, Sir Sikandar also worked as Deputy-Governor of the Reserve Bank of India but in July 1936, on the demise of Sir Fazli Husain, he returned to take on leadership of the Unionist party for the general elections held in Winter of the same year, winning by a simple majority and forming a coalition government along with the Indian National Congress and the Sikh Akali Dal. Sikandar was now chosen as Leader of the House and the Premier or Chief Minister of the Punjab. He remained in this position from 1937 to December 1942, when he died of a sudden heart failure.

Between 1939 and 1942, when he died, Sir Sikandar supported the British struggle against Nazi Germany and believed in cooperating with the British government in the Second World War. He believed that this support would be good for India and help it towards independence after the War ended. He was very active in maximizing recruitment of troops from the Punjab as part of the 'war effort' and even made morale-boosting tours of the Middle East where most Indian (especially Punjabi)troops where serving. The Muslim League leadership agreed with this perspective of his and also announced full cooperation with the British Raj, or government, to achieve their own ends.

Soon after winning the general elections in 1937, Sir Sikandar felt conscious of the need to maintain a balanced stance in a volatile and divided Punjabi political system. He thus decided to also negotiate with the All India Muslim League under the leadership of Muhammad Ali Jinnah. As a result, he and Jinnah signed the Jinnah-Sikandar Pact at Lucknow in October 1937, merging the Muslim elements of his powerful Unionist party with the Muslim League, as a move towards forming a common, united front for safeguarding their community rights and interests in India. He was also later one of the chief supporters and architects of the Lahore Resolution, March 1940, calling for an autonomous or semi-independent Muslim majority region within the larger Indian confederation—which demand later led to the demand for an independent Pakistan.

At the time of his sudden death in December 1942, Sir Sikandar was honoured by the people of Lahore and granted burial outside the old Badshahi Mosque there, on the other side from Allama Muhammad Iqbal, the poet. Much of his work was left half done, in particular his plan to help the British war effort towards eventual Indian freedom, and his attempts to weld the Punjab together and save it from communal friction. Many historians have opined that Sir Sikandar's early demise at the age of 50 was, arguably, a major blow to the Indian freedom movements, especially to the Punjab. He wished to preserve this intact, within a larger Indian Confederation whereby his own Muslim community could enjoy full and maximum freedom and self-governance without truncating India or the Punjab region. He was too well aware of the potential bloodbath and conflict resulting from any such division or separation which, alas, was witnessed on such massive scale at the time of the August 1947 Partition of India and Pakistan. It would thus not be wrong to say that Sir Sikandar's presence would certainly have been a 'moderating influence—and his death must be reckoned a great misfortune [at the time]".

Indirectly, however, in due course, his eldest son Shaukat Hayat Khan, would take on a significant role in assisting the All India Muslim League in winning an independent Pakistan, finally, in a somewhat different interpretation of the father's intentions.


Abdul Majid Khan Tarin

Khan Abdul Majid Khan Tarin, Khan Sahib, OBE (1877–1939) was a prominent magistrate, judge and later MLA, of the NWFP assembly, in British India. 

He was the son of a tribal Tarin (or Tareen) chieftain and cavalry officer, Sardar Habib Khan (1829–1888), Nawab-Bahadur, Risaldar; and was born in Talokar village, near Haripur, in what was later to be the Hazara area of the NWFP, in British India. After his father's death he was educated by English tutors and then sent to Aitchison College, Lahore for studies. Later, he was sent to England and became a Barrister.

Abdul Majid Khan Tarin was a Magistrate and Judge in the Punjab service from 1902 to 1934 and then, after his retirement, he joined the All India Muslim League. In 1937 he was elected an MLA (Member of Legislative Assembly) of the North-West Frontier Province but could not complete his tenure there as he died in September 1939, after a short illness.

His son Khan Abdus Salim Khan was a Pakistani diplomat who was ambassador in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka), Japan, USA and the UK and his daughter-in-law Begum Mahmooda Salim Khan was later Pakistan's first woman minister during the regime of General Ayub Khan. One of his great-grandsons is the Pakistani poet and scholar, Omer Tarin.

Majid Khan Tarin was also a very active early philanthropist of his area and opened many educational institutions and set up a medical ward for Tuberculosis patients at the Haripur government hospital. His family has continued this charitable tradition.

Khattar (clan)

Khattar (, ) is a tribe found in northern part of Punjab mainly in Rawalpindi and Attock districts and some parts of KPK in Pakistan

British army officer before partition Served in Prince Albert Victor Cavalry after partition 11 FF unit of Pakistan army. Khattar From Haripur


Shaukat Hayat Khan

Major Sardar Shaukat Hayat Khan (1915-1998) was a leader of the All India Muslim League from the Punjab province of British India, later Pakistan; and he worked as a close assistant to Muhammad Ali Jinnah in the Pakistan Independence Movement from circa 1942/43 to 1947. 

He was the eldest son of the former Punjabi statesman and leader, Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan. As a young man, he joined the British Indian Army and served up to the rank of Major before resigning in 1942, on his father's death.

From 1942 to 1947, Khan was active as a leading Punjabi member of the All India Muslim League and assisted the founder of Pakistan, Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah, in the efforts to obtain a separate Muslim nation-state when the British left India. In 1946, he was given the title of "Shaukat i Punjab" (The pride of the Punjab: a play on his name) by Jinnah himself.

After 1947, for quite some time he remained an active political figure and member of parliament. However, gradually between the 1960s and 1980s he became increasingly disillusioned by the corruption and dishonesty of politics in Pakistan and finally quit. He died in September 1998, at Islamabad.

Aitchison College

The Aitchison College is Pakistan's most prestigious school and college. It is in the old and historical Punjabi city of Lahore. The school was started during British colonial rule, in 1886. It was first called the 'Punjab Chiefs' School and College'. It is named after Sir Charles Umpherston Aitchison, who was Lieutenant Governor of the Punjab. Only boys aged 4 to 19 go there. 

Tarin

Tarin (also written as Tareen), are a large Pashtun tribe. They mostly live in parts of Pakistan and Afghanistan.

The Durrani tribe, which ruled Afghanistan for quite some time, is a branch descended from the main Tarin tribe.

Kim (novel)

Kim was a famous book. It is a novel by the Nobel Prize winning English writer, Rudyard Kipling. It was first published in 1901.

The book is set after the Second Anglo-Afghan War which ended in 1881, but before the Third, probably in the period 1893–98 The novel is notable for its detailed picture of the people, culture, and varied religions of India.

The novel tells the story of a young Irish orphan, Kimball O'Hara, better known as 'Kim'. He is living in British India and brought up by his "ayah" (nursemaid) in the old Punjabi city of Lahore (now in Pakistan). Kim meets a Buddhist Lama (priest) and has many exciting adventures, traveling along the Grand Trunk Road. Some other interesting characters in this story are Mahbub Ali, Colonel Creighton, Lurgan-sahib and Hurree Chandar Mukerjee.

"Kim" is Kipling's most important work and a significant work about India and the British Raj, and the famous 'Great Game' of espionage played there between the British Empire and Russia in the 19th century. It is also his most 'enchanting' prose work and may well be compared to other great English literary classics by Geoffrey Chaucer, Shakespeare and Charles Dickens.

Maamme

"Maamme" (, meaning "Our Land") is the national anthem of Finland. The words of the song are based on the first chapter of the Swedish epic poem called "The Tales of Ensign Stål", which was written by a priest named Johan Ludvig Runeberg, who was the national poet of Finland at the time. These words were later translated into the Finnish language. The melody of this song was composed by German-born musician Fredrich Pacius around the same time.

The national anthem of Finland is "de facto"; in other words, the Finnish national anthem is not official, because the Constitution has yet to mention a national anthem.

This melody of the song is also the same one used in the national anthem of neighbouring Estonia.

The original text to the song has eleven verses, but nowadays, only the first and last verses (highlighted in bold) are part of the national anthem. However, three verses – the first in Finnish and in Swedish, and the last in Finnish – can be sung if among the singers are Swedes and Finns together.

Chief Justice of Pakistan

The Chief Justice of Pakistan heads the Supreme Court of Pakistan. These are the names of the Chief Justices of the Supreme Court of Pakistan (known as the Federal Court until 1960).


WebCite

WebCite is a service that archives web pages. A user asks WebCite to archive a certain URL, and then WebCite will make a copy of what the page looks like at that time. Authors use this when writing citations. If the webpage changes or is removed ("link rot"), there is still a copy on WebCite. This is very important when writing papers for academic journals or for school. Using the WebCite service is free (it costs no money.)

WebCite saves many kinds of internet content. Some of these are:

It also saves some information ("metadata") about the original content. This information includes the time it was saved, the MIME type, and how long it is. This information is useful because it can prove that the archive version is authentic.

JQuery

jQuery is a JavaScript library created to make it easier and simpler to write JavaScript and HTML. It works on most web browsers and was invented by John Resig. The first release was in January 2006 at BarCamp NYC. Today there is a team of programmers working on jQuery, which is led by Dave Methvin.

Today, more than 55% of the 10,000 most-visited websites use jQuery, hence it is the most popular JavaScript library being used today. It is free and open source software and licensed under the MIT License.

jQuery's syntax is designed to make it easier to write complicated JavaScript. Some things that are easier to do using jQuery are:
It also allows programmers to make their own jQuery plug-ins. 

Companies like Microsoft and Nokia have said that they are going to include jQuery on their mobile platforms. In addition, Microsoft is including jQuery in its Visual Studio software to use with the ASP.NET AJAX framework and ASP.NET MVC Framework. Nokia has included it in their Web Run-Time widget development platform. jQuery has also been used in MediaWiki since version 1.16.


Little Mix

Little Mix were a British girl band consisting of Perrie Edwards, Leigh-Anne Pinnock and Jade Thirlwall. Former member Jesy Nelson left the band in December 2020 due to mental health issues. They were the winners of the 2011 series of Britain's television competition "The X Factor". Their winning single was called 'Cannonball' peaked at the top of the UK Singles Chart becoming their first number-one single. Their first album was released on 18 November 2012 and is called 'DNA'.

The band sold over 60 million records making them one of the best-selling girl groups of all-time. Little Mix was the first girl band to win "The X Factor".

Little Mix entered the competition as four separate acts in the "Girls" category. They were put together as a group by the judges later on in the competition. They were originally called Rhythmix. Their mentor in the competition was Tulisa Contostavlos, an R&B singer and songwriter best known as part of hip hop trio N-Dubz. Little Mix won the competition in December 2011, beating Marcus Collins and Amelia Lily in the final.



Marbled cat

The marbled cat ("Pardofelis marmorata") is a small wild cat of South and Southeast Asia. Its head and body length is 45 – 62 cm (18 - 24") and it weighs 2 – 5 kg (4 - 11 lb). 

Genetic analysis has shown that it is closely related with the Asian golden cat and the bay cat, which diverged from the other felids about 9.4 million years ago. Therefore, it may probably be transferred to the genus "Catopuma".

Its tail is extremely long and bushy. The background color of its fur varies from dark gray-brown through yellowish gray to red-brown. The flanks and back are strikingly marked with large, irregular, dark-edged blotches. The legs and underparts are marked with black dots, and the tail is marked with black spots and rings. There are spots on the forehead and crown, which merge into narrow longitudinal stripes on the neck and irregular stripes on the back.

The marbled cat is found in northern India, Nepal, Guangxi and Yunnan provinces in China, and south through Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, Vietnam, peninsular Malaysia, Sumatra (Indonesia), and Borneo. Throughout its range it is thought to be rare, although it has also been suggested that the perception of the marbled cat's rarity may be caused by its secretive nature and its preference for remote forest areas.

Cheng Shuang

Cheng Shuang (; born February 11, 1987) is a Chinese female aerial skier who took part in the 2010 Winter Olympics.

Cheng won the gold medal at the 2011 FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships.

American League East

The American League East is a group of baseball teams in the American League of Major League Baseball. It is one of the six divisions in the MLB. There are five teams in this division. Four of the five teams are from the eastern United States, and one team is from Canada.


Ugnu–Kuparuk Airport

Ugnu-Kuparuk Airport is a private airport in Kuparuk, Alaska, United States. It is owned by ConocoPhilips Alaska. ConocoPhilips is an energy company that runs the oil field in Kuparuk. It is used for most cargo-transferring and sometimes air-taxi.

African golden cat

The African golden cat ("Caracal aurata") is a medium-sized cat. This cat was previously listed as "Profelis aurata". It weighs about on average. The underside of its chest and chin are normally light-colored. In rare cases, they are pure white. This cat is closely related to the caracal.

Its fur color can change over time. This is affected by its age and other factors.
The head of an African golden cat has light spots around the eyes. In the 1960s, studies were done that showed that various colors of the African golden cat (red, brown, silver) were found in equal numbers in most areas of their habitats. Distinctive spots on the back of the cat are only found on cats in West Africa. 

Normally, the habitat of the African golden cat is in the tropical rainforests found along the equator in Africa.

Hakim Ahmad Shuja

Hakim Ahmad Shuja MBE (1893-1969) was an Urdu poet, playwright, scholar and early movie writer and lyricist of British India, later Pakistan.

He was born in Lahore's old 'walled city'. Shuja wrote about the history and ethos of its Bhaati Gate and Bazaar i Hakiman areas in his memoirs "Lahore ka Chelsea"(circa 1960s). He is accounted to be one of the old city's notable Lahoris.

He is best known today for writing the screenplays for many early Indian and Pakistani movies and for composing romantic lyrics and songs for some of them. His son, Anwar Kamal Pasha, later became a major Pakistani film director and producer.

Wide Awake

"Wide Awake" is a song by American pop singer-songwriter Katy Perry. The single was released May 22, 2012, via Capitol Records as the second and final single from "Teenage Dream: The Complete Connection", a re-release of Perry's third studio album, "Teenage Dream". The song was well acclaimed by music critics, many of whom gave the maturity of Perry as a reason for citing. The song hit number 1 in several countries, including Canada, Poland, New Zealand, and Venezuela, while it peaked at number 2 in the United States. The single is among a string of hits by Perry. It is an electronic song about moving on and taking hardships when breaking up. The song was certified quintuple-platinum in the US for sales and streams of over five million copies. It ranked at number 15 on "Billboard"'s Year-End Hot 100 of 2012 in the US Katy Perry wrote .

The video for "Wide Awake" begins with Perry behind the scenes on the set of the music video for "California Gurls". She goes to her dressing room and stares at her reflection in the mirror. Perry is then seen in a dark forest, holding a lantern and trying to escape it like a maze. She meets a younger version of herself and eats a strawberry from a tree, which poisons her. Later, Katy and her younger self exit to find Katy's "Prince Charming" who crosses his fingers behind his back in distrust. Katy punches him, and her younger self is seen riding away on a bike with a name plate reading "Katheryn," Katy Perry's first name. The video ends with Katy singing "Teenage Dream" on the California Dreams Tour. 

Taufiq Rafat

Taufiq Rafat was born in 1927 in Sialkot. He got his education from Dehra Dun, Aligarh and Lahore. He was a famous Pakistani poet and writer as well. He was regarded as pioneer of English language poetry and writing in Pakistan. He has depicted the real culture of Pakistan in his writings. He was an admirer of Ezra Pound, T. S Eliot and W. H Auden. Taufiq Rafat is the one poet whose work has appeared in all three of Pakistan's major anthologies. First Voices (1965), Pieces of Eight (1971) and Wordfall (1975). He also wrote a full-length play in verse: The Foothold, which remains unpublished but was performed by The Government College Dramatic Club in Lahore. He has been a guide, mentor and critic to many younger poets. His major work is considered his collection of poems Arrival of the Monsoon. He also translated the epic Puran Bhagat (1983) of Punjabi poet Bulleh Shah and Qadir Yar into lyrical English. He uses a very simple language instead of complex implications which is easy to understand and interpret. Tofique Rafat doesn't portrait the diasporic element but identity crisis in a ver distinctive way.

Daud Kamal

Daud Kamal (1935–1987) was a Pakistani poet and academic, from Peshawar city. He was a Professor of English Literature at University of Peshawar.

Alamgir Hashmi

Alamgir Hashmi (also Aurangzeb Alamgir Hashmi; born 15 November 1951) is a significant Pakistani poet who writes in English. His poems have received critical acclaim.

Bapsi Sidhwa

Bapsi Sidhwa (née Bhandara; born 1938 in Lahore) is a Pakistani writer. She writes in English. Sidwa now lives in Houston, Texas, United States.

She is best known for her novels, "The Crow Eaters" (1978), "The Bride" (1982), "Cracking India" (1991), "An American Brat" (1993) and "Water: A Novel" (2006).

List of Pakistani writers

This is a list of writers from Pakistan. It is only partly complete. It includes writers of both fiction and non-fiction, writing in any language.























Gheba tribe

The Gheba tribe are a tribe from the Punjab, mostly located in the North-western portion of Rawalpindi Tehsil and Fateh Jang Tehsil of Attock District of Pakistan. They are generally classified as .

The origins of the Ghebas is subject to some dispute or controversy for quite some time; according to most scholars, historians and early British Indian administrators of their native areas, the Ghebas, like their close kin the Jodhra tribe and Alpial, are of Hindu origins, probably Rajputs. Most of them settled in North-western portion of Rawalpindi Tehsil and Fateh Jang Tehsil. They were at one time spread out over a broader area, in both Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa areas of what is now Pakistan but over time, their main population came to live in Attock and Rawalpindi districts of northern Punjab. They were most probably descended from one Raja Dayanand, a Chauhan Rajput, through Rai Shankar, whose offspring 'Rai Gheba' converted to Islam and was given the title of 'Gheba Khan'. They have been Muslims since then and sizeable landowners in the districts they live in.

There is another view, often believed by most of the Gheba families, that they are not really Rajputs or Jatts but are Barlas Mughals,

Whatever their origins, the Ghebas continue to be among the biggest landowners of northern Punjab, in present-day Pakistan. Popular villages of Gheba Sardars in Fateh jang are , Tajabara,Majia,jeendhar, Asthaal, Malal, Dhurnal, Dhari-Rai-Ditt and Shehr Rai-Sadullah-Khan ,khunda and Dehdar. several other villages that Ghebas own as landlord ,the arians are living in those villages as a tenents.
The biggest and most important village of Ghebas Sardars in Attock area is Kot Fateh Khan, which is part of the "Jagir" estate of the Sardar of Kot.

Most of the Ghebas are landowners and engaged in agricultural activities.


Jodhra

The Jodhra are a North Punjabi Rajput tribe who are located in Punjab's district of Attock, they are densely populated in Tehsil Pindi Gheb. Jodhra Rajputs are closely allied with the Ghebas,Khans of Makhad.
Sir Lepel Griffins book talks about their history.

The Jodhra tribe converted to Islam in the hand of Mahmud of Ghazni, they came to Attock in the end 16th Century and got their hands on much of the land of north Punjab mainly the 'illaquas' of Sohan, Sill, Talagang and Chakwal. The Jodhra were independent Chiefs keeping up a large body of armed retainers. They saw their peak in the times of Malik Aulia Khan after which owing to family feuds and other causes the tribe has lost much of its original prosperity.
Their fights with Gheba tribe were an essential part of their history and were known as 'arch-rivals' and enemies but now the two tribes inter-marry and are on friendly terms.In Sir Lepel Griffins book it is stated that the Jodhra are men of principles who could kill for their prestige, they are strong, proud of their culture and traditions. They also breed horses and are fond of hawking and field sports, they prefer service in cavalry to infantry. 
There are two major and powerful jodhra families in Pindi Gheb and Fateh jang: "The Kamrial Family" & "The Khunda Family"
"kamrial family has a long history dated centuries back to the times of mughal & british empire, known for their valour. kamrial family comprises of people of kamrial mostly landlords businessmen and politicians their land ownership have a stretch of 13 villages which got squeezed after land reforms during ayub khan's martial law. kamrial family is headed by its powerful leaders but in the political arena they are mainly headed by two brothers Malik ahmed khan and Malik lal khan, Both esteemed businessmen. Malik lal also served in national assembly of pakistan twice and held the office as Parliamentary secretary, his son malik sohail khan is currently MNA from PML-N and ex vice chairman of district attock. Elder son of malik ahmed, malik sajjad khan kamrial is also getting alot of traction in public as an emerging brave face of PTI in attock, younger brother of sajjad; Malik Shabbar khan is Malik Ahmed Khan's younger son who is currently the deputy Chief of 'Citizen Police Liaison Committee'.
This family is very strong not only in Attock but in whole Pakistan but it is said that they hold grudges among themselves.

"The Khunda Family" is also a very famous & powerful family who are landlords with a big stretch across fatehjang and are politicians. They and the Kamrial family go along well. Their main man was Malik Allahyar Khan who was rumored to be the Chief Minister of Punjab, his younger brother Malik Atta Muhammad khan who is the chief of Khunda family was also Attock district's chairman. Malik Allahyar Khan's younger son Malik Aitebar Khan is a previous MPA and MNA, his elder brother Malik Sheheryar Khan also contested 2018's general election, he has also been a civil officer. 

The Jodhra are strong and powerful in Attock who use the Title Malik which was traditionally 'MALAK'.

Deadhorse, Alaska

Deadhorse is a town in North Slope Borough, Alaska, United States. It is an unincorporated community. It is known for its production of oil.

Deadhorse is near Prudhoe Bay, which located along the coastline of Arctic Ocean. The James Dalton Highway connects Deadhorse with Fairbanks. Companies can send oil from Deadhorse, using the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System (TAPS) to the southern part of Alaska.

Tourists can take buses from Fairbanks using the Dalton Highway to get to Deadhorse. The town is in the Arctic Circle. Tourists can see the Sun at midnight in the summer. Kinds of animals, like arctic foxes, can been seen in this area.

Begum Mahmooda Salim Khan

Begum Mahmooda Salim Khan (May 1913 – June 2007) was an early pioneer woman social activist of Pakistan, especially active in promoting women's rights and their access to better educational and health facilities. She briefly remained Pakistan's first woman cabinet minister during the General Ayub Khan regime, between 1962 and 1967, before quitting politics and returning full-time to public service. 

She died on 17 June 2007 aged 94 years. 

Leopardus

Leopardus is a genus of small spotted cats that are native to Middle and South America. Very few species belonging to "Leopardus" are in the southern United States. "Leopardus" may be the oldest branch of the Felinae to go into the Americas, followed by the genera "Lynx" and "Puma".


Prionailurus

Prionailurus is a genus of four species of small, spotted wild cats found in Asia. They are typically forest-dwelling. Most are able to swim well; some species are actually semi-aquatic and feed mainly on fish and other aquatic animals.

Pocock's classification of "Prionailurus" is widely accepted:

Stanley Middleton

Stanley Middleton (1919–2009) was an English writer and novelist, who was a co-winner of the Booker Prize in 1974, along with Nadine Gordimer. 

Some of his better-known novels are "A Serious Woman" (1961), "Two's Company" (1964) and "Holiday" (1974).

Mohammad Amir Ahmed Khan

Amir Ahmed Khan, Raja Sahib of Mahmudabad (5 November 1914 – 14 October 1973) was a prominent politician and leader of the All India Muslim League, during the Pakistan Movement. He was against the partition of India. When the Muslim League passed the resolution at Lahore for a separate Pakistan, he stood against it and formed All India Jamhur Muslim League to counter the move. The first session of this party was held at Muzaffarpur, Bihar. Raja Saheb was elected its President and Dr. Maghfoor Ahmad Ajazi as General Secretary.
Later on he changed his mind under the influence of Muhammad Ali Jinnah and supported the idea of a separate Muslim state. He said that "...the idea of a separate Muslim state in India [sic] stirred the imagination of the Muslims as nothing else had done before." Khan migrated to Pakistan. He did not like the political turmoil in Pakistan, so he moved to Iraq and finally to England. He was Director of the Islamic Cultural Centre in London. He died in London in 1973. Later on his descendants went back to live in India.

Shahnawaz Khan Mamdot

Sir Shahnawaz Khan Mamdot (1883 - March 28, 1942) was a Punjabi landowner and supporter of the All India Muslim League (AIML) in its demand for a separate Pakistan. In March 1940, he was one of the principal hosts for the AIML's famous Lahore Conference.

Abdullah Haroon

Sir Abdullah Haroon (1873–1942) was a Muslim League leader from Sindh province of British India, and active in the Pakistan Movement. 

Kensington (disambiguation)

Kensington is a district in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It may also be:









Kensington may also be:

Mohammad Akram Khan

"Molana" Muhammad Akram Khan (1869–1968) was a Muslim scholar and religious-political figure of British India who supported the Pakistan Movement. 

Layer

Layer may refer to:






Sadullah Khan Umarzai

Saadullah Khan Umarzai (1880-1948) was a Pashtun political figure from the NWFP region of British India and active in the Muslim demand for a separate state of Pakistan.

After his graduation from government college Lahore he appeared for ICS and was later appointed as the City magistrate Peshawar. He was later promoted to the post of District Judge. Being a close associate of Sir Sahibzada Abdul Qayyum Khan Saadullah Khan was entrusted the Task of gathering donations from the Muslim Rajas and Maharajas of India for the acquisition of land for the Islamia College Peshawar. 

Sadullah Khan was later nominated as Honorary secretary of the College. A Hostel in the premises of the college has been named in his memory "Saadullah Khan Hostel". After his retirement as the Deputy Commissioner Peshawar he joined the Quaid and the Muslim league for the creation of Pakistan. He was a prominent activist subletting his title of "Khan Bahadur" to the British. As a friend of Maulana Fazal e Wahid of Turangzai he gave financial and moral help when Maulana Sahib fled the British to take refuge in the former Tribal Area of Mommand agency. 

When he was the District Judge for Peshawar his relations with the Governor NWFP Metcalf were very strained over the Chowk e Yadgar incident. He did not want the British Indian Army to handle the turbulent situation. He wanted the police force to handle the situation. 

As a District Judge he would conclude the matter through arbitration. Apparently Metcalf had panicked.

Malik Barkat Ali

Malik Barkat Ali (April 1885 - 5 April 1946) was an Indian politician, lawyer and journalist. 

Malik was from Lahore, Punjab, British India.

Ali supported the All India Muslim League at first. Later, he developed more radical and extreme Islamic views. 

Cross-dressing

Cross-dressing is when someone wears clothes that are commonly associated with the opposite sex. 

Cross-dressing is often done to create a transgender identity. It has also been used for disguise, comfort and in the performing arts in modern times and in history. In theatre, a male role played by a woman is called a Breeches role.

A Japanese term and subculture for men who cross-dress as women is "otoko-no-ko". In the west, young men who do this are sometimes called femboys.

Cross-dressing is sometimes viewed negatively due to going against gender norms, especially in regards to men. Drag queens and kings use cross-dressing to make fun of this.

Riemann sphere

The Riemann sphere is a mathematical model of the extended complex plane. The model is named after Bernhard Riemann. The extended complex plane is the plane of the complex numbers, plus a point at infinity. With this model, this point at infinity is "close" to very large numbers in the same way zero is "close" to very small ones. The extended complex numbers are useful for Complex analysis: in certain cases, the division by zero is "well-behaved", in the sense that dividing by zero gives this point at infinity. With this model, it is possible to change certain functions, so that they become continuous, which simplifies calculation.

In geometry, the Riemann sphere is a simple example of a Riemann surface. It is also one of the simplest complex manifolds.

Bawdsey

Alderton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 319 people living in Bawdsey. It has a church called St Andrew.

Blaxhall

Blaxhall is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 233 people living in Blaxhall. It has a church called St Peter.

Stereographic projection

In geometry, a stereographic projection is a function that maps the points of a sphere onto a plane. The projection is defined on the entire sphere, except for one point, called the "projection point".

Intuitively, the stereographic projection is a way of picturing a sphere as a plane, with some inevitable compromises. Because the sphere and the plane appear in many areas of mathematics and its applications, so does the stereographic projection; it finds use in diverse fields including complex analysis, cartography, geology, and photography. In practice, the projection is carried out by computer or by hand using a special kind of graph paper called a stereonet or Wulff net.

A simple example of such a projection, encountered in everyday life is the sun casting a shadow of a globe onto the ground. 

Blythburgh

Blythburgh is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 312 people living in Blythburgh. It has a church called Holy Trinity.

Boyton, Suffolk

Boyton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 154 people living in Boyton. It has a church called St Andrew.

Bramfield

Bramfield is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 369 people living in Bramfield. It has a church called St Andrew.

Brandeston

Brandeston is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 278 people living in Brandeston. It has a church called All Saints.

Bredfield

Bredfield is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 308 people living in Bredfield. It has a church called St Andrew.

Brightwell, Suffolk

Brightwell is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 57 people living in Brightwell. It has a church called St John the Baptist.

Bromeswell

Bromeswell is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 326 people living in Bromeswell. It has a church called St Edmund.

Bruisyard

Bruisyard is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 168 people living in Bruisyard. It has a church called St Peter.

Burgh

Burgh is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 191 people living in Burgh.

Capel St. Andrew

Capel St. Andrew is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 77 people living in Capel St. Andrew. It once had a church.

P.G. Wodehouse

Sir Pelham Grenville Wodehouse, KBE (/ˈwʊdhaʊs/ "WOOD-howss"; 15 October 1881 – 14 February 1975) was an English author and one of the most widely read humorists of the 20th century. His creations include the feather-brained Bertie Wooster and his sagacious valet, Jeeves; the immaculate and loquacious Psmith; Lord Emsworth and the Blandings Castle set; the Oldest Member, with stories about golf; and Mr Mulliner, with tall tales on subjects ranging from bibulous bishops to megalomaniac movie moguls. 

Born in Guildford, the third son of a British magistrate based in Hong Kong, Wodehouse spent happy teenage years at Dulwich College, to which he remained devoted all his life. After leaving school he was employed by a bank but disliked the work and turned to writing in his spare time. His early novels were mostly school stories, but he later switched to comic fiction. Most of Wodehouse's fiction is set in his native United Kingdom, although he spent much of his life in the US and used New York and Hollywood as settings for some of his novels and short stories. He wrote a series of Broadway musical comedies during and after the First World War, together with Guy Bolton and Jerome Kern, that played an important part in the development of the American musical. He began the 1930s writing for MGM in Hollywood. In a 1931 interview, his naive revelations of incompetence and extravagance in the studios caused a furore. In the same decade, his literary career reached a new peak.

In 1934 Wodehouse moved to France for tax reasons; in 1940 he was taken prisoner at Le Touquet by the invading Germans and interned for nearly a year. After his release he made six broadcasts from German radio in Berlin to the US, which had not yet entered the war. The talks were comic and apolitical, but his broadcasting over enemy radio prompted anger and strident controversy in Britain, and a threat of prosecution. Wodehouse never returned to England. From 1947 until his death he lived in the US, taking dual British-American citizenship in 1955. He died in 1975, at the age of 93, in Southampton, New York.

Wodehouse was a prolific writer throughout his life, publishing more than ninety books, forty plays, two hundred short stories and other writings between 1902 and 1974. He worked extensively on his books, sometimes having two or more in preparation simultaneously. He would take up to two years to build a plot and write a scenario of about thirty thousand words. After the scenario was complete he would write the story. Early in his career Wodehouse would produce a novel in about three months, but he slowed in old age to around six months. He used a mixture of Edwardian slang, quotations from and allusions to numerous poets, and several literary techniques to produce a prose style that has been compared to comic poetry and musical comedy. Some critics of Wodehouse have considered his work flippant, but among his fans are former British prime ministers and many of his fellow writers.

Wodehouse claims to have gotten inspiration for his characters by being like them: born into a rich family, and inheriting much money, making him rich and financially free. 

Aurangzeb Khan

"Sardar" Aurangzeb Khan (1899-1965) was a politician from the Dera Ismail Khan district of NWFP, British India. He belonged to the Gandapur Pashtun tribe and belonged to a landowning family. 

Sardar Aurangzeb Khan was born in 1899 at Tehsil Kulachi Dera Ismail Khan. His father Mohammad Ayaz Khan was a leading landlord in the famous Pushtoon clan Gandapur. 

Early education 

He got his early education at Mission High School Dera Ismail Khan and later went to Peshawar for his graduation. He achieved his degree of LLB from Aligarh College where he was the president of Muslim Students Union. 

Political Career 

He was a gifted orator and as Provincial Muslim League leader, he played a prominent role in the reorganization of Muslim League in NWFP that was at first launched in 1912 by Ghazi Ali Abbas Bukhari but did not take firm roots among the people. However, due to his tireless struggle, the League turned to be the popular political party in the Pushtoon majority province. 

Khan joined the All India Muslim League party in 1937 and in the same year was appointed to the NWFP Legislative Assembly. In 1940, he was one of the provincial delegates to the Lahore session of the League and was a member of the Working Committee set up there to draft what was to become the 'Lahore Resolution'. Sardar Aurangzeb Khan was also one of those leaders who seconded the resolution that was passed on 23 March 1940. He was elected to the NWFP provincial assembly in 1937. Between 1943-45 he also briefly remained provincial Chief Minister before being removed. In 1939, while Dr. Khan Sahib resigned from his ministry along with other Congress Governments, for some time thee was no popular government in the province. However on 25 May 1943, Sardar Aurangzeb Khan was able to form a ministry by the help of George Cunningham and Jinnah, with Sardar Abdur Rab Nishtar as his Finance Minister. As Nishtar was in anti-British movement named as <nowiki>"</nowiki>Akhrar<nowiki>"</nowiki> but he was convinced by Sikandar mirza and then he joined Muslim League. He campaigned door-to-door to convey message of the League and worked hard during NWFP referendum.

After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, he served for some time as the new country's ambassador to Burma from 1949 to 1953.

Wilkie Collins

Wilkie Collins, in full William Wilkie Collins (1824-1889) was an English novelist and one of the earliest writers of the mystery story. Although he wrote many books, he is best remembered for "The Woman in White" (1860) and "The Moonstone" (1868). 

List of Mensans

The list of Mensans contains who are, or who have been, members of Mensa International, the high IQ society.


















John D. Thompson, poet, Titanic: A Centenarian Voyage in Verse




Ursus (genus)

Ursus is a genus in the family Ursidae (bears) that includes the widely distributed brown bears, the polar bear, and black bears. The name comes from the Latin "ursus", meaning bear.

Savant syndrome

The savant syndrome is a rare condition in which people with neurodevelopmental disorders, notably autism spectrum disorders, and/or brain injuries, demonstrate profound and prodigious capacities and/or abilities far in excess of what would be considered normal. In spite of the name syndrome, it is not recognized as a mental disorder, or as a part of mental disorder. In simple terms these are very gifted individuals with fewer than 50 alive today.

These individuals in some cases may not be able to tie their shoes, however they may memorize an entire book in days. 

The following are well-known people with savant syndrome, noted for their talent in their identified fields: 


Ducat

A ducat is a gold coin that was used for trade in Europe until World War I. The first ducat was made in silver by Roger II of Sicily in 1140. In 1284 the Republic of Venice started making the gold ducat which came to be widely used. The value of a ducat at the beginning of the 20th century was nine shillings and fourpence or a little more than four United States dollars.

Love on Top

"Love on Top" is a 2011 song performed by Beyoncé and talking about a man on whosoever she can count. The song is part of Beyoncé's record "4". It undergoes four key changes, during which the singer adopts a high octane.

Jason Hughes (sociologist)

Dr Jason Kelly Hughes (born 21 October 1943 in Glastonbury, UK) is currently a senior lecturer at Brunel University in West London. Previously he worked at the Centre for Labour Market Studies at the University of Leicester and is a Prodigious Savant. 

Hughes's current research interests include the sociology of emotions; the sociology of the body and health; sociological theory; and organisational sociology. Specifically he has written about emotional reflexivity in the ‘new’ workplace; emotional labour and aesthetic labour; new managerial discourses, particularly emotional intelligence, high performance work practices, knowledge management, and organisational learning. In addition he has also published a book on smoking called “Learning to Smoke.” Hughes has also written extensively about the work of Norbert Elias, social Darwinism and linguistics. His other interests include evolutionary biology, as well as collecting antique clocks, sundials, ear trumpets and other novelties.

Run the World (Girls)

"Run the World (Girls)" is a 2011 hit song performed by Beyoncé. It represents female empowerment. It was released as part of Beyoncé's album "4". The song is similar to two earlier Beyonce hit singles.

Leslie Lemke

Leslie Lemke (born January 31, 1952) is a blind American, prodigious savant who is autistic. He is best known for his work as a musician.

Leslie Lemke was born prematurely in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1952. At birth, he was diagnosed with glaucoma, cerebral palsy, and brain damage. Doctors were forced to remove his eyes. His birth mother gave him up for adoption. May Lemke, a nurse, adopted him when he was six months old. To feed him, May had to stroke his throat to make him swallow his food. It was a year before Leslie could chew food on his own. It took seven years of constant care before Leslie showed any progress. During this time, he made no sounds or movements and showed no emotions. He was 12 before he first learned to stand. He was 15 before he learned to walk.

When he was 16, May found Leslie playing Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto no. 1 during the middle of the night. He had recently heard the piece on television. Leslie was soon playing all styles of music, from ragtime to classical.

His adoptive mother encouraged his talent for the piano. By 1980, Leslie was giving concerts in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin. Because of his new fame, he was asked to be on many television programs such as CBC's "Man Alive" (hosted by Roy Bonisteel), "CBS Evening News", "60 Minutes", and "That's Incredible!". In 1983, ABC broadcast "The Woman Who Willed a Miracle", a drama about Leslie and his adoptive mother. It stars Cloris Leachman as May Lemke. Leslie is also the subject of Fred Small's song, "Leslie is Different."

Leslie toured the United States, Scandinavia, and Japan and gave free concerts. He was quite animated when he played.

May Lemke developed Alzheimer's disease and died on November 6, 1993.



Jonathan Lerman

Jonathan Lerman (born 1987) is an American Prodigious Savant. He is an autistic outsider artist. He was born in Queens, NY. He lives in the Upstate New York suburb of Vestal.

Jonathan Lerman began to lapse into long silences at the age of two. The next year he was diagnosed with autism. His IQ is said to be 53.

Lerman's artistic ability appeared at the age of 10. He drew faces with charcoal. The faces were of people he knows and those he imagines. In 1999 he had his own solo exhibition at the KS Art gallery in New York City.

Lerman has had personal exhibitions. He has also exhibited his work alongside others.

Lerman was also on the MTV television show "True Life" in the episode "True Life: I Have Autism"




Aaron Hunt

Aaron Hunt (born 4 September 1986, in Goslar, Germany) is a German football player. He plays as midfielder for Werder Bremen since 2004.

Hunt started playing football at the age of 7 and played for two local clubs in the Harz area during his childhood. In 2002 he joined the youth team of Werder Bremen. Two years late he debuted in the Bundesliga as a substitute against Hannover 96. He shot his first goal against Borussia Mönchengladbach on 12th February 2005, when he also debuted in the first squad.

On 28 November 2007 he shot in first goal in the Champions League against Real Madrid. Before that game he has been injured for 7 months. Bremen won that match 3-2.

In the 2008/09 season he won the DFB-Pokal with Werder, after winning 1-0 in the final against Bayer Leverkusen. His team was also in the final match of the UEFA CUP, but lost against Shakhtar Donetsk 1-2 in the extra time.

In 2010 he renewed his contract until 2014. In 2012 he was made vice captain of his team by his coach Thomas Schaaf. He is the most loyal player in the squad of Werder Bremen.

His mother is from England, so he would have been allowed to play for the national team of England. He played for Germany at the Under-16, Under-17 and Under-21 level, so he refused English offers and decided to play for Germany. In November 2009 he debuted against the Côte d'Ivoire for the a-squad in a friendly. This game was the memorial game for the goalkeeper Robert Enke, who committed suicide. He also made a secound match against Denmark in August 2010. In 2013 has was nominated by national coach Joachim Löw for two matches. In the match against Ecuador has was brought on in minute 59.

184||39||20||3||49||2||253||44 
184||39||20||3||49||2||253||44 

!Total||3||0


Hunt is married to Semra Polatgil, who also played football for TV Jahn Delmenhorst.


Thristan Mendoza

Thristan "Tum-Tum" Mendoza (born 1989) is a Filipino Prodigious Savant and marimba prodigy.

Mendoza was born in Quezon City, Philippines. He was enrolled at the Philippine Montessori Center. He was diagnosed as autistic at the age of two and a half. During the same year he began to play. 

In 1997 the University of the Philippines presented him as a gifted child prodigy.

He is now a college student majoring in percussion.

He has three siblings (Rainier, Victoria Angela, Victorina Francesca)

Boyton, Cornwall

Boyton, Cornwall is a civil parish and village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. As of 2001, 378 people lived in Boyton.

Russell Means

Russell Charles Means (November 10, 1939 – October 22, 2012) was an American Oglala Sioux activist, writer, politician, musician, television and movie actor who is known for his activisim to the American Indian Movement. He is also known for his roles in "Pathfinder", "Thomas and the Magic Railroad" and in "Pocahontas".

In 1983 he agreed to become running mate to Larry Flynt in his unsuccessful run for U.S. President.

Means was born on November 10, 1939 in Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, South Dakota. He studied at San Leandro High School. Means was married five times, the first four ended in divorce. He has ten children. Means died on October 22, 2012 in Porcupine, South Dakota from esophageal cancer, aged 72.


Elizabeth Bowen

Elizabeth Bowen CBE (; 7 June 1899 – 22 February 1973) was a British novelist and short story writer. 

She was born in an Anglo-Irish family in Dublin, Ireland and wrote many books and stories that are set in Ireland. However, after 1927, she lived mostly in London, England. She began to write at a very young age. 

Bowen's works include "Encounters" (1923), "The Hotel" (1927), "The House in Paris" (1935), "The Last September" (1929) , "Seven Winters" (1942), "Bowen's Court" (1942), "The Heat of the Day" (1949) and many others. 

Awan (tribe)

Awan are a tribe mostly inhabiting Punjab and other parts of Pakistan. They are of Arab descent from a person called Qutb Shah. 

John Buchan

John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir (1875-1940) was a British statesman and writer, today mostly remembered for his fine adventure stories. 

Buchan was educated at the University of Glasgow and Oxford, and began to write and publish stories from his college days. He later qualified as a lawyer and went to South Africa to work there in a government (colonial) job. He later served in many countries as a representative of the British government and was later made Governor-General of Canada. In 1935 the British government honoured him by making him a lord. He died in Perthshire, Scotland, in 1940.

Some of his famous adventure thrillers include "Prester John" (1910), "The Thirty Nine Steps" (1915) and "Greenmantle" (1916). He also wrote some fine historical biographies like "Montrose" (1928) and "Sir Walter Scott" (1932). 











Karlal

The Karlal (Urdu: کرڑال also known as Kard'al, Karaal, Karhral, or Kiraal) is a Hindko-speaking tribe in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The majority of the tribe is found mainly in Abbottabad District, inhabiting the hilly area of the Galyat and the Nara tract. A minority are also settled in the Haripur District.

The tribe trace their descent from a Sardar Kallar Shah, son of Sultan Sujann Shah, who is believed to have come from southern Afghanistan. It is believed that he was a descendant of Alexander the Great. In Haripur and Abbottabad, they are known as Sultan Chief Sardars, a name they acquired during the time of the Delhi Sultanate (1206–1296), when the tribal members were made rulers of the galliyat region of Hazara.

It does seem that throughout the middle ages, the Karlal maintained their independence. During Mughal era (1550-1730), when the Gakkars were trying to extend their authority in the entire lower Hazara from their base in Khanpur in what is now Haripur District, the leader of Karlal tribe Morcha Kulli Khan at that time was able to murder the Ghakkar chief and retained his tribes independence. Similarly the Turks, whose territory lay to the north, were also never able to extend their authority over this tribe although enjoying suzerainty over large portion of Pakhal Sarkar (an old name for Hazara). In the Durrani period (1740-1800), no attempt was made by Afghan rulers to subdue their territory. However, when the Sikhs captured lower Hazara they tried to gain control over entire lower Hazara including Karlal territory.

In 1822, Ranjit Singh sent a large force under famous General Amar Singh Majitta which was defeated by Karlals with great slaughter under their Charismatic chief Sarrdar Hassan Ali Khan . Amar Singh was also murdered by the Karlal s. Lepel Griffin, author of a colonial history of Hazara, writes in his book about this battle of Sumandar Khata. From 1822 to 1845 Karlal tribe fought many battles with Sikhs and were able to retain their independence. In 1844 once again Lahore Darbar sent a large force under Diwan Mulraj and Hari Singh to subdue Karlal country. Taking advantage of the difficult geographical terrain of their country, the Karlals were able to defeat Sikh army at place called Nah and killed more than 150 Sikh soldiers.

At the time of mutiny in 1857, the Karlals tried to revolt against the rule of East India Company, however, British were able to imprison Karlal chief Sardar Hassan Ali Khan Karlal and many mutineers of this tribe were hanged along with Dhund Abbasi tribesmen (Mutiny Reports 1857 of Hazara District).

Sardar Hassan Ali khan Karlal was one of the most illustrious military commander and mujahid of early 19th century from Hazara. His historic endeavors for the freedom and struggle against both Sikhs and English have been well preserved in the historical annals. English gazetteers of that era, Wajabul Arz of 1874 and Tarikh Hazara of that time contain detailed accounts of the bravery, courage and military stratagem of this great hero. Karlals were the only tribe which under the sagacious leader ship Sardar Hassan Hassan Ali khan were able to retain their independence by defeating the most powerful army in the entire Northern India at that time.

During Pakistan movement Karlal tribe wholeheartedly supported Muslim League. In 1944 elder of Karlal tribe Capt Sardar Muhammad Zain Khan Karlal joined Muslim league with other notables of this tribe.In same year he was nominated as member of All India Muslim League organizing Committee by Quaid -e Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah.In 1946 elections he was elected as Member NWFP Legislative Assembly from the lone constituency of Abbottabad on All India Muslim League ticket in spite of the strong support of the congress by the more populous tribes of District Hazara. In struggle for Pakistan, Captain Sardar Zain Muhammad khan was able to motivate his entire tribe for cause of the creation of Pakistan. Captain Capt Sardar Zain Muhammad Khan Karlal also had the unique honor of representing entire Hazara District in the historic Delhi All India Muslim Parliamentarians convention held in April 1946 under the chairmanship of Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah which finally voted for the partition of India and creation of Pakistan. 

In the civil disobedience movement started by Muslim League in NWFP now Khyber Pukhtunkhaw against Congress government Capt Sardar Zain Muhammad khan along with many Karlal tribesmen was imprisoned in February 1947. After the creation of Pakistan Capt Sardar Zain Muhammad Khan also served as Parliamentary Secretary for Revenue in NWFP government.

Haasts Bluff, Northern Territory

Haasts Bluff (Pintupi–Luritja: "Ikuntji"), is an Aboriginal Australian community in the Northern Territory. The town is about west of Alice Springs. The closest neighbouring town is Papunya, about north. In the 2006 census, 207 people were recorded to live in the town and in nearby outstations.

The town is named after the nearby rocky outcrop. The outcrop was given this name in 1872 by the explorer Ernest Giles, who named it after the New Zealand geologist, Julius von Haast. The name in the local Aboriginal language is Ikuntji, which means "where the creeks cross".

The town was established as a Lutheran mission in 1946. It is home to Western Arrernte, Pintupi and Pitjantjatjara people. Many of these people work as artists in the local artist co-operative, Ikuntji Artists.

Currimbhoy Ebrahim

Sir Currimbhoy Ebrahim (or Currimbhoy Ebrahim), 3rd Baronet, JP (born 1903- died 1952), was a prominent businessman, philanthropist and political leader from Bombay, British India.

He succeeded his father Sir Mohamedbhoy Ebrahim as Baronet, and as managing director of many family-owned firms. He also became director or chairman of many charitable trusts in the Bombay area and in 1936, started the Muslim Peace and Relief Committee. In the same year, he became a member of the All India Muslim League and an active political leader of this party.

Muhammad Ismail Khan

Nawab Muhammad Ismail Khan (1886–1958) was a senior All India Muslim League leader, a former Vice-Chancellor of the Aligarh Muslim University and a member of the legislative assembly in British India. 

Ali Muhammad Khan Dehlvi

Ali Muhammad Khan Dehlvi JP (born 1875) was a political leader, lawyer and journalist of British India. He organised several Muslim educational and political conferences at Karachi and Hyderabad, Sindh, and later was a delegate to the famous All India Muslim Leagues Lahore session of 1940. 

MacDonnell Shire

The MacDonnell Shire is a local government area of the Northern Territory, Australia. It was created on 1 July 2008 as part of the restructuring of the Territory's local government areas. It was created by merging over a dozen smaller community council areas and a large zone of unincorporated area. The most recent elections for the shire council were in March 2012. The current President of the MacDonnell Shire is Sid Anderson.

The shire has an area of over 268,784 square kilometres. It covers the south of the Territory, bordering with South Australia. Alice Springs and Yulara are enclaves within the shire (they are not part of it, but are surrounded by it).

There were about 7,142 people living there in 2009.

The MacDonnell Shire Council is divided into four wards. There are 12 council members. Below each ward is listed the towns that fall within those wards. Population figures are as they were recorded on 30 June 2007.


Aputula

Aputula is a remote Aboriginal community in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is south of Alice Springs, near the border with South Australia. It is east of the Stuart Highway. About 250 people live there. They are Pitjantjatjara, Yankunytjatjara, Luritja, and Lower Southern Arrernte people. The Finke River passes nearby the town, but it is dry for most of the year, except during floods.

The town was called Finke until the 1980s. It began as a trading stop on the Central Australian Railway. Local Aborigines traded dingo scalps, artefacts and tools for European goods. In the 1950s and 1960s, White farmers set up cattle stations around the town. Most of the Europeans left Finke when the railway line was moved westwards in the late 1970s. This was done because the track was damaged during huge floods in 1973 and 1974, so it was moved away from the river. The Aboriginal people living in the town did not move, and the town came to be known as Aputula. The name comes from a place called Putula near the town, which used to be the site of a water soak. Putula is an Arrernte word. Arrernte people used to get their water there, before the white people and the railway line came to the area.

Aputula holds the record of having the hottest day ever recorded in the Northern Territory— on 1 and 2 January 1960.

Jimmy James

Jimmy James OAM (1913 – 1991) was an Aboriginal Australian tracker. He helped the police of South Australia in tracking criminals. He worked with the police for 40 years.

James was born near Ernabella (now Pukatja) in central Australia, and was a member of the Pitjantjatjara people. He went to school at the Ooldea Mission. In 1945, he was wrongfully arrested and left the mission. James began his career as a tracker for police in 1948. He became well known for tracking criminals (including arsonists, poachers and escapees) and lost persons. He was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia in 1984 and was the first South Australian Aboriginal Person of the Year in 1983. After his death, a memorial to Jimmy James was erected in Berri, South Australia.

Bubbly

"Bubbly" is a single by the singer Colbie Caillat. It was released to radio on May 15, 2007. "Bubbly" was the biggest song so far by Caillat. The song is from her first record "Coco".

Gordon Briscoe

Dr Gordon Briscoe OAM (1938–2023) was an Aboriginal Australian activist and a retired football player. He was a member of the Stolen Generations.

Briscoe was born in Alice Springs. He was descended from the Marduntjara and Pitjantjatjara nations of Central Australia. He was taken away from his mother as a child and was taught at a Christian mission in Adelaide. Briscoe played football (soccer) for Adelaide in the South Australian league. He played alongside his schoolmate Charles Perkins. In 1958, he moved to England with the hope of playing professional football. He had small jobs with Barnet and Preston North End, but he did not make a first team appearance. He went back to Australia at the suggestion of Perkins. The two of them later played recreational football with the Australian National University from 1968 to about 1972.

Briscoe began studying at ANU in 1981. His focus was on the indigenous history of Australia. He was involved in the production of the SBS documentary "First Australians". He got his PhD in 1997.

Briscoe also worked as an activist for indigenous Australians. He was involved in the establishment of the Aboriginal Progress Association in the 1950s, the Aboriginal Legal Service in the 1960s and the Aboriginal Medical Service
in 1972.

Ngarutjaranya

Ngarutjaranya, also known as Mount Woodroffe, is South Australia's highest peak. It is above sea level. The word "Ngarutjaranya" comes from the Pitjantjatjara language. In their Dreaming, the mountain represents the spirit being Ngintaka.

Ngarutjaranya is in the far northwest of South Australia, in the Musgrave Ranges. The mountain range rises about 700–800 metres above the plains around it. The rock is mostly granite and gneiss.

Ngarutjaranya was given its European name by William Gosse, who first saw it on 20 July 1873. He named it after George Woodroffe Goyder, another early explorer of South Australia and the Northern Territory. Access to the mountain is restricted. Permission is needed to enter the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara lands.

Rhind Mathematical Papyrus

The Rhind papyrus in the British Museum is the best example of Egyptian mathematics. It is named after Alexander Henry Rhind, a Scottish antiquarian. He bought the papyrus in 1858 in Luxor, Egypt. It was found during illegal excavations in or near the Ramesseum. It was written about 1650 BC.

The papyrus has work and writing on arithmetic, algebra, geometry, trigonometry, and fractions. It, and the Moscow Mathematical Papyrus, are the main sources of knowledge about mathematics in Ancient Egypt. The Rhind papyrus dates to about 1550 BC. The museum bought both the Rhind papyrus and the Egyptian Mathematical Leather Roll from Rhind. The Rhind papyrus is larger than the Moscow mathematical papyrus, but the Moscow papyrus is older.

The Rhind papyrus dates to the Second Intermediate Period of Egypt. It was copied by the scribe "Ahmose" from a now-lost text from the reign of Amenemhat III (12th dynasty). Written in the hieratic script, this Egyptian manuscript is made up of parts that are each 33 cm tall. In total it is over long. It was transliterated and the mathematics was translated in the late 19th century. The mathematical translation is still incomplete in some respects. The document is dated to year 33 of the Hyksos king Apophis and also contains a separate later Year 11 on its verso likely from his successor, Khamudi.

In the opening paragraphs of the papyrus, Ahmose presents the papyrus as giving "Accurate reckoning for inquiring into things, and the knowledge of all things, mysteries... all secrets". He continues with: 
This book was copied in regnal year 33, month 4 of Akhet, under the majesty of the King of Upper and Lower Egypt, Awserre, given life, from an ancient copy made in the time of the King of Upper and Lower Egypt Nimaatre (?). The scribe Ahmose writes this copy.
Several books and articles about the Rhind Mathematical Papyrus have been published, and a handful of these stand out. The Rhind Papyrus was published in 1923 by Peet and contains a discussion of the text that followed Griffith's Book I, II and III outline Chase published a compendium in 1927/29 which included photographs of the text. A more recent overview of the Rhind Papyrus was published in 1987 by Robins and Shute.


Musgrave Ranges

Musgrave Ranges is a mountain range in Central Australia. It covers the boundary of South Australia (Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara) and the Northern Territory (MacDonnell Shire). It separates the Great Victoria Desert to the south and the Gibson Desert to the north. The range has a length of . Many of its peaks have a height of more than . The highest peak is Mount Woodroffe at .

The mountains were originally the home of Yankunytjatjara people. The first European to find them was the English explorer William Gosse in the 1870s. He named them after Anthony Musgrave, the Governor of South Australia at the time. At the start of the 20th century, Yankunytjatjara people began migrating east, setting up camps along the Alberga River and moving into the mission at Ernabella. From 1917, they also began a movement southward to Ooldea. Groups of Pitjantjatjara were forced to move to the Musgrave region because of a long drought in their territory, the Mann and Tomkinson Ranges in the west. Today, most of the families in the communities of Amata and Kaltjiti identify as Pitjantjatjara.

The South Australian part of the Musgrave Ranges was granted to the Pitjantjatjara people in the Pitjantjatjara Land Rights Act 1980. Since then, most people have moved into settlements in more hospitable areas.

Cornish National Party

The Cornish National Party (CNP) is a social democratic political party in Cornwall. It wants Cornish independence from the United Kingdom.

Azad Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly

The Legislative Assembly of Azad Jammu and Kashmir, also known as AJK Legislative Assembly, is a unicameral legislature of elected representatives of the Pakistan administered state of Azad Kashmir.

The assembly has 41 elected Members and 8 co-opted members of which 5 are woman, one member from Ulama community, while one is from amongst Jammu & Kashmir technocrats and other professionals.

Unité de formation et de recherche médicale Paris Île-de-France Ouest

The Unité de formation et de recherche médicale Paris Île-de-France Ouest (in English Paris Île-de-France West Medical Research and Training Departement; also called PIFO or Paris Ouest) is a department of the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines focus on research and training activities in medicine.


West India

Western India is a region of the Republic of India, it includes the states of Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra, and the union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu.

Qazi Muhammad Isa

Qazi Muhammad Essa (17 July 1914 – 19 June 1976) was a leader of the All India Muslim League party in British India and later a senior governmental official in Pakistan. 

Qazi Isa was born in Pishin, Baluchistan (Chief commissioners province). He joined the League in 1939 and was nominated to represent his province at the League's Lahore session in March 1940. 

After the creation of Pakistan, he served the new country in various positions, and for a time was also its ambassador to Brazil (1951-54). 

He died in 1976. 
1. Kausar. Prof. Dr. Inamul Haq. "Tehreek-e-Pakistan Balochistan Main". Lahore. 1988. Maktaba-e-Aaliya. p.21

Sundanese Wikipedia

Sundanese Wikipedia (Sundanese "Wikipedia basa Sunda") is the edition of Wikipedia in the Sundanese language. The article count of the wiki is 60,650 articles (as of 08 March 2021)


William Somerset Maugham

William Somerset Maugham (25 January 1874– 16 December 1965) was an English novelist, short story writer and playwright. He was born at the British Embassy in Paris. He was the highest paid author of the 1930s.

Maugham trained as a medical doctor at St. Thomas's hospital's medical school, London, but then decided to become a full-time writer. He wrote many works including such well-known ones as "Liza of Lambeth" (1897), "The Magician" (1908), "Of Human Bondage" (1915), "The Moon and Sixpence" (1919), "Cakes and Ale" (1930) and "The Razor's Edge" (1944).

Maugham died on 16 December 1965 in Nice, Alpes-Maritimes, France from pneumonia at the age of 91.

Aboriginal Provisional Government

The Aboriginal Provisional Government (APG) is an Indigenous Australian activist group. It campaigns for indigenous sovereignty over Australia. It was formed by elders from several communities across Australia, including the Pitjantjatjara, Wiradjuri, Yolngu and Eora. The founders of the APG were Bob Weatherall, Geoff Clark, Josie Crawshaw, Michael Mansell, Kathy Craigie and other representatives from all states of Australia.

It was officially created on 16 July 1990. Its stated purpose is to establish its own government and an Aboriginal nation state. The APG argues that the indigenous people of Australia never gave up their sovereignty and therefore Australian law and title over the country is void (means nothing).


Peter Ackroyd

Peter Ackroyd CBE (born 5 October 1949) is an English novelist, critic, poet, television writer, historian and scholar. 

Ackroyd was born in East Acton, London. He graduated in English from Clare College, Cambridge. He later studied at Yale University. He is openly gay.

Private prison

A private prison is a prison run by a private company instead of the government. The government hires the private prison company to perform all the services needed to keep the convicts locked up while they serve out their sentences.

In the twenty-first century, many industries that were government-run before have become more privatized.

The countries that have private prisons are Australia, Brazil, Chile, Greece, Jamaica, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, South Africa, South Korea, Thailand, United States and the United Kingdom. Private prisons are only common in the United States, United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand.

Israel used to have private prisons, until the Israeli Supreme Court, declared them illegal (against the law) in 2005. Canada also used to have private prisons, but due to widespread protests against them, the last private prison went to government control in 2006.

Reasons why some governments allow private prisons are:
However, many people do not like the idea of private prisons. The main reasons for this are:

Jerome K. Jerome

Jerome K. Jerome (in full Jerome Klapka Jerome) (1859-1927) was an English novelist, playwright and humorist. He wrote books that were very funny and won him a wide public following.

Ramna Kali Mandir

The Ramna Kali Temple (), also known as the Ramna Kalibari (house of the Hindu goddess Kali) was one of the most famous Hindu temples of the Indian subcontinent. It was believed to be over a thousand years old. The temple was in Dhaka (the capital of present day Bangladesh) near the Ramna Park (now renamed as Suhrawardy Udyan).

The temple was bulldozed by the Pakistan Army on 27 March 1971 during the genocide of the Bangladesh Liberation War 

Cabinet of Pakistan

The Cabinet of Pakistan is headed by the Prime Minister. It plays an important role in the Government of Pakistan.

John Walsh

John Edward Walsh (born December 26, 1945) is an American television personality, criminal investigator, human and victim rights advocate and the host of "America's Most Wanted". He began his crime investigation career when his son, Adam Walsh was murdered by Ottis Toole in 1981.

Walsh was born on December 26, 1945 in Auburn, New York. He studied at the University of Buffalo. He has been married to Revé Drew since 1971. He had four children; Adam, Meghan, Callahan, and Hayden Walsh. In 2008, Walsh was awarded the Operation Kids Lifetime Achievement Award.


Robert Ripley

LeRoy Robert Ripley (February 22, 1890 – May 27, 1949) or Mr. Ripley was an American cartoonist, entrepreneur and amateur anthropologist, who created the world famous "Ripley's Believe It or Not!" newspaper panel series, radio show, and television show which feature odd 'facts' from around the world.

Ripley was born on December 26, 1890 in Santa Rosa, California. He was married to Beatrice Roberts from 1919 until they divorced in 1926. Ripley lived in New York City, New York, Los Angeles, California, Chicago, Illinois, Miami, Florida, Bedford, Iowa, and in Santa Rosa, California. Ripley died on May 27, 1949, in New York City, New York from a heart attack, aged 58.


Jonathan Goldsmith

Jonathan Goldsmith (born September 26, 1938) or Jonathan Lippe is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for playing "The Most Interesting Man in the World" in the Dos Equis commercials starting in 2007.

Goldsmith was born in September 26, 1938 in New York City, New York to a Jewish family. He studied at Boston University. He was married to Barbara Goldsmith since 2006. He now lives in Marina del Rey, California and in Manchester, Vermont.

Synodontis courteti

Synodontis courteti is a species of upside-down catfish. It lives in the countries of the Niger and Chad Basins. This species grows to a length of SL.

Abdul Matin Chowdhury

Abdul Mateen Chowdhury (1895-1948) was a lawyer and Bengali political leader, who was active in the All India Muslim Leagues Pakistan Movement. 

He died in 1948 in Karachi, Pakistan, a year after the achievement of Pakistan.

Aldehyde

An aldehyde () is an organic compound. It contains a formyl group. A formyl group is a part of a molecule with the structure R-CHO. It is made of a carbon double bonded to oxygen. The carbon is also bonded to hydrogen and an R group. A side chain is the rest of the molecule.
The group without the side chain is called the aldehyde group or formyl group. Aldehydes are different from ketones because the formyl group is at the end of the molecule in an aldehyde. Ketones have the formyl group in the middle of the molecule. Aldehydes are common in organic chemistry. Many fragrances (smell producing compounds) are aldehydes. 
Aldehydes have a carbon double bonded to an oxygen. Because of this, they are slightly polar. This causes aldehydes to have a number of properties. One of the most important of these is solubility in water.

The common names for aldehydes are not always the official names. The IUPAC names are useful, however. IUPAC recommends the following nomenclature for aldehydes:

The word "aldehyde" comes from Latin. It was shortened from "alcohol dehydrogenatus" (dehydrogenated alcohol). The word aldehyde was created by Justus von Liebig. In the past, aldehydes were sometimes named after the corresponding alcohols, for example, "vinous aldehyde" for acetaldehyde. ("Vinous" is from the Latin word for wine, which is the traditional source of ethanol.)

The term "formyl group" comes from the Latin or Italian word "formica" which means ant.

Aldehydes have many different properties. These properties change a lot if the rest of the molecule changes. Smaller aldehydes are more soluble in water. Formaldehyde and acetaldehyde are completely soluble in water. Many aldehydes have strong smells. Aldehydes will break down in air.

Two of the most important aldehydes, formaldehyde and acetaldehyde, tend to form long chains. This is called polymerization.

Many aldehydes are found in essential oils and are the reason for their smells. Cinnamaldehyde, cilantro, and vanillin all get their smells from aldehydes.

Aldehydes are highly reactive and participate in many reactions." In industry, aldehydes are used to prepare plasticizers, polyols, and alcohols. In biology, aldehydes are used to replace amine groups and form sugars.

A dialdehyde is a molecule with two aldehydes. The names of dialdehydes have the ending -dial or -dialdehyde. Some dialdehydes are named after the acid that they are similar to. An example is butanedial, which is also called succinaldehyde (from succinic acid).



Of all aldehydes, formaldehyde is produced the most. About 6 million tons per year are made. It is mainly used to make resins when mixed with urea, melamine, and phenol. Bakelite is made like this. Another commonly made aldehyde is butyraldehyde. 2 and a half million tons per year are made. A lot of acetaldehyde once was once made, but much less is made today. This is because chemicals that used to be made from acetaldehyde are now made in other ways.


Entrancei https://www.entrancei.com/chapter-aldehydes-and-ketones/type-of-chemical-reactions-in-carbonyl-compounds 

Pig-nosed turtle

The pig-nosed turtle ("Carettochelys insculpta"), also known as the pitted-shelled turtle or Fly River turtle, is a species of turtle native to northern Australia and southern New Guinea.

The pig-nosed turtle is a very large freshwater turtle, with a shell length of 60-70 centimetres. It is grey to greyish brown in colour on the upper surface, and white to yellow in colour on the lower surface. It has broad paddle-like flippers, each with two claws. Its shell is covered by a soft-pitted skin, instead of the hard scutes that cover the shells of most turtles.

Muhammad Hayat Khan

Nawab Muhammad Hayat Khan, CSI (1833–1901), Khattar was an Indian Muslim administrator who had a distinguished career in British India. He belonged to Wah area of Northern Punjab. 
Muhammad Hayat Khan was a son of Karam Khan, a Punjabi Muslim chieftain of the Khattar tribe who was against Sikh rule in his area and wished to remove it. 

He thus sided with the British East India Company and was killed in 1848. His sons, including Muhammad Hayat, were raised and educated by the British Indian officers like John Nicholson and James Abbott. 

He was eventually selected to become Nicholson's orderly and Persian language interpreter. In 1857, when the Indian Mutiny (or First Indian War of Independence) broke out, he accompanied Nicholson and his military force to Delhi to counter the rebels there, who were trying to win over the last Mughal Emperor Bahadur Shah II, to their cause.

In September 1857, when John Nicholson was mortally wounded on an assault on Delhi by the British, Muhammad Hayat looked after him until he died. Before dying, Nicholson recommended him to Sir John Lawrence, Chief Commissioner of the Punjab and later its first Governor. Muhammad Hayat was thus given a series of important civil appointments in the Punjab province by the grateful British, and after serving as an Assistant Commissioner, Deputy Commissioner and then Sessions Judge, he eventually became the first Muslim native to be appointed as a member of the Punjab Legislative Council.

In 1899 he was given a CSI award and given the title of 'Nawab' in recognition of his long and meritorious services to the British Raj. He was also a close friend of Sir Syed Ahmed Khan and a firm supporter of the Aligarh Movement for Muslim education, which resulted in the foundation of the MAO College (later Aligarh Muslim University) in India.

He died in December 1901, at his native village Wah, North Punjab, British India. Two of his sons, Sir Liaqat Hayat and Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan went on to be famous in their own right.

Thomas Moore

Thomas Moore (28 May 1779 – 25 February 1852) was an Irish writer, poet and music composer. 

His most famous works in include "Irish Melodies" and "Lalla Rookh". He also edited a volume of the "Letters and Journals of Lord Byron" in 1830.

T. E. Lawrence

Colonel T.E. Lawrence (in full Thomas Edward Lawrence), better known in history as Lawrence of Arabia (16 August 1888 – 19 May 1935), was a British Army officer, explorer, scholar, writer, military strategist and linguist. He was born in Tremadog, Caernarfonshire, Wales. He studied history at University of Oxford. He joined the Army by taking part in the Officers' Training Corps at Oxford. He is best known for having helped the Arabs organize themselves against the Turks during the First World War.

His memoirs of the time spent with the Arabs, "The Seven Pillars of Wisdom" (1926), is a well-known work of literature. He died in 1935 in a motorcycle accident in Dorset.

Richard Lovelace

Richard Lovelace (1618-1657) was an English writer, poet, soldier and Royalist, who is considered by many to be the 'perfect Cavalier'. 

Educated at Charterhouse and Oxford University, he took part in expeditions by the troops of King Charles I against various rebels from 1639 to 1642. In 1642, returning to his estates, he was nominated to present a Royalist petition to a hostile Parliament, for which he was ordered to prison by this elected body. During his short term in prison, he wrote one of his most famous poems, 'To Althea, from Prison'. He later spent many years fighting in France and Spain. 

Elizabeth Barrett Browning

Elizabeth Barrett Browning, born on 6 March 1806, was an English poet of the Victorian era. She began writing poetry at the age of six. She was born in Kelloe, County Durham. Her parents were Edward Barrett Moulton Barrett and Mary Graham Clarke. 

Her first adult collection of poems was published in 1838 and she wrote prolifically between 1841 and 1844. Elizabeth's volume Poems of Sonnets (1844) brought her great success, attracting the admiration of the writer Robert Browning, which led to their marriage. She also made efforts to abolish slavery and child labour.

She died on 29 June 1861 in Florence, Italy (where she was living with her husband) at the age of 55. She suffered from many illnesses from the age of 15.

John Nicholson

Brigadier-General John Nicholson (1822-1857) was a British officer of the East India Company, who served and died in British India. He is especially famous today and remembered as the 'Saviour of Delhi' who gave his life and died at Delhi, in September 1857 during the Indian Mutiny (or First Indian War of Independence), so that the British empire might be saved. 

Nicholson was a very strict and honest administrator, and always took stern action to check crime and dishonesty. Because of this, he was deified (made into a deity, or god) by some Indian people in his lifetime. The people who worshiped him were called "Nikal Saynis". 

Nicholson was buried near Delhi when he died but there is a famous monument, the Nicholson Memorial (also called Nicholson's Obelisk) near Taxila in Pakistan. This was made here by the British people ruling here many years ago, because Nicholson had spent a lot of time in that area. 

Herbert Benjamin Edwardes

Herbert Benjamin Edwardes KCB, KCSI (1819-1868) was an English administrator, soldier and statesman of British India. He served mostly in the Punjab and the Punjab Frontier (later renamed the North-West Frontier Province, and today the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan). His name lives on there in the Edwardes College, Peshawar. 

Henry Lawrence

Sir Henry Lawrence (in full Henry Montgomery Lawrence) (28 June 1806-4 July 1857) was a senior British officer and administrator of British India. He was the first Chief Commissioner of the Punjab after its annexation by the British, following the Second Anglo-Sikh War. He died whilst defending Lucknow against a force of rebels, during the Indian Mutiny (or First Indian War of Independence) in July 1857. 

His younger brother, Sir John Lawrence, 1st Baron Lawrence, later succeeded Sir Henry in the Punjab and became the province's first Lieutenant-Governor. 

Edward James Corbett

Jim Corbett (25 July 1875 – 19 April 1955) was a British hunter, author and naturalist. He is famous for his hunting exploits in British India, which he recorded in his books. 

Edward James Corbett was born of Irish ancestry in the town of Nainital in the Kumaon of the Himalaya (now in the Indian state of Uttarakhand). Jim grew up in a large family of 13 children and was the eighth child of Willam Christopher and Mary Jane Corbett. His parents had moved to Nainital in 1862, after Christopher Corbett had been appointed postmaster of the town.

Campervan

Campervans are self-propelled vehicles that can provide transport and sleeping accommodation. The term "campervan" mainly represents vans which are fitted out, with a custom built body for use as accommodation. In the United States, the vans are also known as "recreational vehicles" or RVs and are larger than in Europe. Such vehicles sometimes have a refrigerator, microwave oven, showers and televisions.

Filippo Tommaso Marinetti

Filippo Tommaso Marinetti (Alexandria 21 December 1876 – Bellagio 2 December 1944) was an Italian poet and writer. He is famous as the founder of Futurism.



Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa

Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa (Palermo, 23 December 1896 – Rome, 23 July 1957) was an Italian writer. He is most famous for his only historical novel, "The Leopard" ("Il Gattopardo"), which is set in Sicily during the Risorgimento.


Mute swan

The mute swan ("Cygnus olor") is a species of swan, and thus a member of the duck, goose and swan family Anatidae. It is native to much of Europe and Asia, and (as a rare winter visitor) the far north of Africa. It is also an introduced species in North America, Australasia and southern Africa.

Measuring 125 to 170 centimetres (49 to 67 in) in length, this large swan is wholly white in plumage with an orange bill bordered with black. It is recognisable by its pronounced knob atop the bill.

When swimming, the mute swan holds its neck in a graceful "S" curve with its bill pointing downward. The whooper swans usually carry their bill level with their neck erect. The male frequently arches his secondary wing feathers over his back in an aggressive display posture.

Endothelium

Endothelium is a layer of cells that line the walls of the circulatory system which carries blood around the body. The cells form a membrane so that certain substances, such as nutrients, can move through the walls. In an adult human there is about 1 kg of endothelium cells, which would cover an area of about 7m. The endothelium plays an important part in controlling the flow of blood around the body.

Hurricane Sandy (2012)

Hurricane Sandy was an Atlantic tropical cyclone which affected parts of the Caribbean, Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern United States in late October 2012, and became the largest Atlantic hurricane in diameter, with winds spanning 1,100 miles (1,800 km). It made landfall on the East Coast of the United States and Eastern Canada (Nova Scotia). Sandy was the eighteenth tropical cyclone, eighteenth named storm, and tenth hurricane of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm developed from a tropical wave in the western Caribbean Sea on October 22. It quickly got bigger and stronger after becoming a tropical depression. It was then upgraded to a tropical storm six hours later. Sandy moved slowly northward toward the Greater Antilles and got stronger. On October 24, Sandy made landfall in Jamaica and was upgraded to a hurricane. Sandy made a second landfall in Cuba, where it became a Category 3 hurricane.

At least 43 people were killed: 40 in the Caribbean and three in the Bahamas. On October 25, Sandy got weaker and became a Category 1 hurricane. On October 27, Sandy became a tropical storm for a few hours. It then became a Category 1 hurricane again that morning. On October 26, Washington, D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray declared a state of emergency for the nation's capital. That same day the governors of Connecticut, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania and Virginia also declared a state of emergency. Landfall in New Jersey came on October 29. Damage was extensive there and in New York. It was the 2nd costliest hurricane behind Hurricane Katrina (2005), Hurricane Harvey (2017), Hurricane Maria (2017) and Hurricane Irma (2017).

On October 19, a tropical wave was moving westward through the eastern Caribbean Sea. It had an extended low pressure area. It was expected to become better organized. On October 20, the system became better organized as expected. The National Hurricane Center (NHC) reported that it had a high potential for it to become a tropical cyclone within 48 hours. The next day, thunderstorms were small. Although, barometric pressure in the area remained low. Because of this, the system had potential for development. The thunderstorms got bigger, while the system slowed and eventually stopped moving. At 1500 UTC on October 22, the NHC gave out advisories on Tropical Depression Eighteen. The NHC reported that the storm was 320 mi (515 km) south of Kingston, Jamaica.

When the tropical depression formed, it was in an area of weak steering currents. This was located south of a ridge extending eastward from the Gulf of Mexico. The system was in an area favorable for strengthening. Late on October 22, a Hurricane Hunters flight found winds of in a rainband. This made NHC to upgrade the depression to Tropical Storm Sandy. Because of the moist atmosphere, the storm got better organized. Early on October 24, an eye began to develop. By that time, Sandy was moving slowly northward. At 11:00 am EDT (1500 UTC) on October 24, the NHC upgraded Sandy to hurricane status. This was because the Hurricane Hunters found winds of . At the time, Sandy was located about south of Kingston, Jamaica.
Sandy made landfall near Kingston at 3:00 p.m EDT (1900 UTC) on October 24. It had winds of about . Before making its second landfall, Sandy got stronger and became a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson scale with 110 mph (175 km/h). At 1:25 am EDT (0525 UTC), Sandy made landfall in Cuba just west of Santiago de Cuba. When it made landfall in Cuba, Sandy had a visible eye of over in diameter. At the time, winds reached 135 mph (216 km/h). While over land, the storm weakened and the eye was no longer visible. After Sandy left Cuba, dry air and increasing shear caused the storm to be disorganized. A mid-level low over Florida turned the hurricane toward the north-northwest. By early on October 26, most of the storm was to the north of the center. This caused the storm to get larger. By the next day, the NHC reported that Sandy was starting to become more of a hybrid cyclone. On October 27, Sandy weakened to a tropical storm. A few hours later, it got stronger and became a Category 1 hurricane again.

After Sandy developed into a tropical cyclone on October 22, the Government of Jamaica issued a tropical storm watch. Early on October 23, the watch became a tropical storm warning. That same day, a hurricane watch was issued for Jamaica. On that same day at 1500 UTC, the hurricane watch was upgraded to a hurricane warning.

The Government of Haiti issued a tropical storm watch for Haiti. By late October 23, it was upgraded to a tropical storm warning. There was a hurricane watch issued for the Cuban Provinces of Camagüey, Granma, Guantánamo, Holguín, Las Tunas, and Santiago de Cuba at 1500 UTC on October 23. Only three hours later, the hurricane watch was switched to a hurricane warning. Only three hours later, the hurricane watch was switched to a hurricane warning.

The Government of the Bahamas issued a tropical storm watch for the Acklins, Cat Island, Crooked Island, Exuma, Inagua, Long Cay, Long Island, Mayaguana, Ragged Island, Rum Cay, and San Salvador Island. Later that day, another tropical storm watch was issued for Abaco Islands, Andros Island, the Berry Islands, Bimini, Eleuthera, Grand Bahama, and New Providence. By early on October 24, the tropical storm watch for Cat Island, Exuma, Long Island, Rum Cay, and San Salvador was upgraded to a tropical storm warning.

At 11:15 a.m. EDT (1515 UTC) on October 26, the Bermuda Weather Service issued a tropical storm watch for Bermuda. This was because of the size of the storm and its possible effect on the island.

Many public schools on the Treasure Coast and in Palm Beach County, Florida were closed for Friday October 26. FEMA announced that they will monitor Sandy and help those in need.

Government weather forecasters said there is a 90% chance that the East Coast of the United States get "slammed". Utilities and governments along the East Coast prepared for long-term power failures. In New Jersey, where the storm was expected to come ashore, utilities told employees to be prepared for longer shifts.

On October 26, North Carolina Governor Beverly Perdue declared a state of emergency for 38 counties. The emergency took effect on October 27. GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney cancelled a campaign in Virginia Beach because of Sandy. Joe Biden also cancelled his campaign because of Sandy. The US Navy sent more than two dozen ships to sea from Norfolk Naval Base, for their protection. On October 26, Washington, D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray declared a state of emergency for the nation's capital. That same day the governors of Pennsylvania, Maryland and Virginia also declared a state of emergency.

In Cape May County, New Jersey, officials ordered residents on barrier islands to evacuate

Philadelphia's Mayor Michael Nutter asked residents in low lying areas to leave their home by 2 p.m October 28.

In New York City, officials activated the city's coastal emergency plan. The subways closed. There were also evacuations for residents in areas where Hurricane Irene made landfall in August 2011. Mayor Michael Bloomberg said that some residents should prepare to evacuate. New York Governor Andrew Cuomo declared a state of emergency for every county in the state. On Long Island, Suffolk County officials ordered a mandatory evacuation of Fire Island residents. Cuomo went on to declared that Hurricane Sandy had been “more impactful” than Hurricane Katrina.

Connecticut's Governor Dan Malloy opened the state's Emergency Operations Center on October 26. Malloy signed a Declaration of Emergency the next day.

Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick declared a state of emergency.

The Canadian Hurricane Centre issued its first statement of Sandy on October 25, 2012. One model suggested that Sandy would make a landfall in the East Coast of the United States, possibly affecting Southern Ontario.

At least 253 people were confirmed killed across the United States, the Caribbean, Canada, and the Bahamas, as a result of the storm. The New York City Subway was shut down for days, and parts of it for months. Large areas lost electric power distribution for days. Thousands of houses were damaged by wind and flood, and hundreds burned because firefighters could not reach them.

Mir Masjidi Khan

Sahibzada Mir Masjidi Khan (died 1841) was a leader in the Kohistan region of Afghanistan. He opposed the occupation of Afghanistan by the Government of British India during the First Anglo-Afghan War. Leaders in the Kohistan region including Mir Masjidi Khan, refused to pay taxes to the British, and began to organize their soldiers in July 1840. After attacks by British soldiers he and Sultan Muhammad Khan joined forces with Dost Muhammad Khan and fought a major battle with British at Parwan on November 2nd, 1840. After the battle Mir Masjid Khan continued to attack the British, while Dost Muhammad Khan surrendered. Mir Masjidi was later given poison by the British and he later died.

He is remembered by the Mir Masjidi Khan Medal, the second highest civilian award in Afghanistan. Winners have included the boxer Hamid Rahimi, truck driver Adam Khan, Olympic games coach Bashir Taraki and teacher Attaullah Wahidyar.

Olaf Caroe

Sir Olaf Caroe (or in full, Olaf Kirkpatrick Kruuse Caroe), KCSI, KCIE (1892-1981) was an administrator in 'British India. He remained Governor of the North-West Frontier Province from 1945 to 1947. 

Black rhinoceros

The black rhinoceros ("Diceros bicornis"), is a species of rhinoceros. It lives in eastern and central Africa including Kenya, Tanzania, Cameroon, South Africa, Namibia, Zimbabwe, and Angola. The black rhinoceros is not actually black, but dark. It is a browser, with lips that help eating from low branches.

The other African rhinoceros is the white rhinoceros ("Ceratotherium simum"). The white rhinoceros is not white, but lighter coloured.

The black rhinoceros ("Diceros bicornis"), is a species of rhinoceros. It lives in eastern and central Africa including Kenya, Tanzania, Cameroon, South Africa, Namibia, Zimbabwe, and Angola. The black rhinoceros is not actually black, but dark. It is a browser, with lips that help eating from low branches.

The other African rhinoceros is the white rhinoceros ("Ceratotherium simum"). The white rhinoceros is not white, but lighter coloured.

There is a type of bird called an oxpecker in English that likes to sit on the rhino's back and eat insects and other small animals that bite the rhino's skin. Because the birds also peck at the rhinos' skins with their beaks and hurt it, scientists wondered why the rhinos do not shake the birds off their backs. One team of scientists from California State University and Victoria University in Australia found that the black rhinoceros listens for the noises the oxpecker makes. Rhinoceros cannot see well but oxpeckers can. Oxpeckers make a noise when they see humans nearby that is different from their other noises. The rhinos hear this noise and then either look for the human or run away. The scientists performed an experiment: A human would slowly walk toward a rhino. Rhinos without oxpeckers on their backs only noticed the human one out of five times, but rhinos with oxpeckers noticed the human every time and from much further away. The scientists wondered if bringing flocks of oxpeckers to groups of rhinoceros without them would help the rhinos avoid human hunters.

The scientists had the idea for this experiment because the Swahili language word for oxpecker is "Askari wa kifaru," which means "the rhino's guard" in English. One of the scientists said it was important to listen to indigenous peoples when studying things in the places where those people live. "We too often dismiss the importance of indigenous people and their observations," said ecologist Roan Plotz, who worked on this study. "While western science has been incredibly useful, there are many insights we can learn from indigenous communities."
Black rhinoceros is currently one of the endangered species and is on the verge of extinction in Africa.There has been approximately 96% decline in its population and one of the major causes for its extinction is habitat destruction and encroachment.

Philip Mason

Philip Mason (also known by his pseudonym of Philip Woodruff) OBE (19 March 1906 – 25 January 1999) was a civil servant in British India and the author (under his pen-name) of a well-known book, "The Men Who Ruled India". 

Mafdet

Mafdet was a goddess in early Egyptian mythology. She protected against snakes and scorpions and was often shown as either some sort of feline or mongoose.

In art, Mafdet was shown as a feline, a woman with a feline head, or a feline with the head of a woman.

Majed Abdullah

Majed Ahmed Abdullah Al-Mohammed (; born 1 November 1959 in Jeddah) is a retired Saudi Arabian footballer. He played as a striker. He has scored more goals for the Saudi national team than any other player. He was nicknamed the Arabian Pelé. Abdullah was voted as the best football player in the history of Saudi Arabia in a poll by IBOPE Zogby International.

Two wrongs make a right

The phrases, "Two wrongs make a right" and "two wrongs don't make a right" are English phrases that denote philosophical norms. 

The key idea is based on the "two wrongs" phrase which consider the two things as wrong.

“Two wrongs don't make a right”, is a proverb used to rebuke or renounce wrongful conduct as a response to another's assumed transgression.

“Two wrongs make a right” in which an allegation of wrongdoing is countered with a similar allegation. In English language, it might be considered as a fallacy of relevance.

“Two wrongs make a right” might be considered as a fallacy of relevance when assuming that, if one wrong is committed, then another wrong will cancel it out. 

This phrase considers the two actions are wrong. for this reason it is not used by a wrongdoer which does not consider its action as wrong.

This phrase considers breaking the law (or the wrong) is justified, as long as the other party also does so. 

Two wrongs don't make a right is a proverb which means that a wrongful action is not a appropriate way to correct or cancel a previous wrongful action, in regard to a norm.

Additionally, it alleges the first action is also wrong.

When both actions are considered wrong, the two phrases might be opposed to each other.

Common use of the term has been criticized by scholar Gregory S. Kavka writing in the "Journal of Business Ethics". Kavka refers back to philosophical concepts of retribution by Thomas Hobbes. He states that if something supposedly held up as a moral standard or common social rule is violated enough in society, then an individual or group within society can break that standard or rule as well since this keeps them from being unfairly disadvantaged. As well, in specific circumstances violations of social rules can be defensible if done as direct responses to other violations. For example, Kavka states that it is wrong to deprive someone of their property but it is right to take property back from a criminal who takes other's property in the first place. He also states that one should be careful not to use this ambiguity as an excuse to recklessly violate ethical rules.

Conservative journalist Victor Lasky wrote in his book "It Didn't Start With Watergate" that while "two wrongs don't make a right", if a set of immoral things are done and left un-prosecuted, this creates a legal precedent. Thus, people who do the same wrongs in the future should rationally expect to get away as well. Lasky analogizes the situation between John F. Kennedy's wiretapping of Martin Luther King, Jr. (which lead to nothing) and Richard Nixon's actions in Watergate (which Nixon thought would also lead to nothing).

The phrase "two wrongs infer one right" appears in a poem dated to 1734, published in "The London Magazine".



Siegfried Sassoon

Siegfried Sassoon (8 September 1886 – 1 September 1967) was an English poet and novelist, who became widely known as a result of a protest against the First World War that he made in 1917.

Sassoon's father, Alfred, came from a very rich family, but they did not approve of his marriage and as a result he did not inherit any of the family fortune. Sassoon's mother, Theresa, came from a family of artists. She and Alfred had three sons: Michael, Siegfried and Hamo, but Alfred left her when the children were still very young. Alfred himself died not long afterwards, leaving Theresa to bring up the three boys. Although they were not as wealthy as Alfred's family, they were able to live comfortably in a large house near the village of Matfield in Kent.

As a young man, Siegfried could afford to keep a horse and became a very inspiring and a very good professional rider, but his greatest ambition was to be a millionaire and a poet. He did not succeed in finding a publisher for any of his work until just before the First World War broke out. At that point, he joined the army. He chose the Sussex Yeomanry, in order that his horse could go with him rather than being taken by the authorities for other uses. As a result of a riding accident during training, he was out of action for a while, and he then decided to join an infantry regiment and become an officer. The regiment he joined was the Royal Welch Fusiliers, and he began with the rank of lieutenant.

Eventually Sassoon was sent out to France to fight on the Western Front and was shocked by his experiences there. He became friends with another poet, Robert Graves, who, although younger than Sassoon, had been at the Front for longer and had grown used to it. He suggested that Sassoon's poetry could be improved if he began to write in a more realistic way about the things he saw and experienced in France, and Sassoon took his advice and changed his style a lot.

By 1917, many of Sassoon's friends, and his brother, had been killed and he had become very angry about the war. As a result of several acts of bravery, he had been awarded the Military Cross, but he did not see this as a great honour. When he was sent home to get better from a wound, he met people who were against the war, and, after listening to their ideas, he began to believe that the politicians were making the war last longer than it needed to, instead of using chances to make peace with the Germans. He decided not to return to his regiment at the end of his time away from the war. Feeling very depressed and angry, he wrote a letter to his commanding officer, explaining that he was not coming back because he wanted to protest about the war.

When soldiers acted against orders like this, they were normally made to appear at a court-martial. However, because of Sassoon's good record as a soldier, he was given a chance to change his mind. His friend Robert Graves told the senior officers how depressed Sassoon was and said that he was too ill to fight. It was decided to send him to a hospital in Edinburgh, which specialised in dealing with officers who were suffering from mental illness. Sassoon did not like being there, because he felt that he was not really ill. He was greatly influenced by his doctor, W. H. R. Rivers, who became a kind of father figure to him. While he was a patient in Edinburgh, he met another young officer, called Wilfred Owen. Owen admired Sassoon's poetry and the two became close friends. Sassoon helped Owen to write better poetry; this is known because the manuscript of one of Owen's greatest poems, "Anthem for Doomed Youth", still exists showing corrections in Sassoon's writing. Sassoon and Owen were separated after a few months, when Sassoon came to the end of his time at the hospital and agreed to go back to his regiment.

Sassoon was not sent back to France immediately, but fought for a few months in Palestine, where the troops were in less danger of being killed. After that, he returned to France, but after only a short time he was wounded again, and this time it was serious enough to stop him from being sent back. He stayed in touch with Wilfred Owen. While Sassoon was away fighting, Owen had also been released from hospital, and was being sent back to his regiment in France. Several days before the end of the war, Owen was killed.

During the war, Sassoon's poetry had become very successful. After the war, however, he went through a period of great unhappiness. His friend Rivers died suddenly, and he felt he had nothing left to write about. He realised that he was homosexual, but he was unable to find a partner he could rely on. He thought of becoming a politician, but began writing for the newspapers instead. After a few years, a friend suggested that he should write about his experiences in a novel. Sassoon did so, writing about his early life and calling the book "Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man" (1928). He published the book without using his name, because he was well known as a poet and did not know if he could write prose. He called the hero of his book "George Sherston", but the character was based on Sassoon himself. The book turned out to be a huge success, and Sassoon wrote two sequels to it. He later wrote three more prose books about his life. This time he did not disguise any of the characters. These books were also very successful.

At the age of 47, after several homosexual love affairs, Sassoon married. His wife, Hester, was much younger than him, but Sassoon wanted to become a father. They moved into Heytesbury House in Wiltshire, a large house that he had bought with money inherited from his aunt, Rachel Beer. Two years after their marriage, Hester became pregnant with their son George (1936-2006). Hester did not want to have any more children. This became the cause of many quarrels between the couple. After the Second World War, they agreed to divorce, and Hester went to live in Scotland, taking George with her. Sassoon continued to see his son, but he was unable have the close relationship with George that he would have liked.

He continued to be a respected writer until his death, and had many friends in the world of literature, including another poet, Edmund Blunden, whom he had met during the 1920s. In 1951, he was awarded the CBE and in 1957 the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry.
Sassoon had been brought up by his mother in the Church of England, although his father was Jewish. His war experiences made him doubt the existence of God, and he was not interested in religion until towards the end of his life. In 1957, after much heart-searching, he became a Roman Catholic, and remained so until his death at the age of eighty. He was buried in the churchyard at Mells in Somerset.

Evelyn Underhill

Evelyn Underhill (married name "Evelyn Moore") (1875–1941) was an English mystical poet and writer, who is best known for her several mystical theological works. 

G. K. Chesterton

G. K. Chesterton (in full Gilbert Keith Chesterton; 1874–1936) was an English author and critic who wrote a large and varied number of works, including essays, poems, novels, short stories and more. He is perhaps best remembered today for his delightfully mysterious yet humorous Father Brown stories, based on his very popular, imaginary priest-detective.

Maki Kureishi

Maki Kureishi (1927–1995) was a Pakistani poet writing in English, known for her delicate and highly sensitive poetry. She taught for many years at the University of Karachi in Karachi, Pakistan. She was the aunt of English writer Hanif Kureishi. 

Anna Molka Ahmed

Anna Molka Ahmed (13 August 1917 – 20 April 1994) was a Pakistani artist, art writer and poet who played a major role in starting the Department of Fine Arts at the University of the Punjab, Lahore, Pakistan.

Kaleem Omar

Kaleem Omar (1937–2009) was a Pakistani poet and journalist.

Tariq Rahman

Dr Tariq Rahman (born 4 February 1949), is a Pakistani linguist, academic, writer and journalist. He taught for many years at the Quaid i Azam University, Islamabad, Pakistan. 

Bart Willoughby

Bart Willoughby (born on 12 September 1960) is an Aboriginal Australian musician. He became notable during the 1980s for introducing a unique style of music, mixing aboriginal music with reggae and rock music. Willoughby is often seen as a pioneer for modern indigenous musicians in Australia. He was the first Aborigine to sign a record contract and the first to compose the music for a movie. His band No Fixed Address was the first indigenous band to tour overseas.

Since then, Willoughby has performed with many famous musicians and bands, including Midnight Oil, Cold Chisel, Peter Tosh, Shane Howard and Yothu Yindi. Willoughby is now known as one of Australia's leading Aboriginal rock composers and performers. His song "We Have Survived", composed when he was 18, is often seen as a kind of anthem by indigenous Australians. Others of his more well known songs include "Black Man's Rights", "Aboriginal Woman" and "My Father is an Aboriginal Man".

Willoughby was born in 1960 in South Australia. His father was Kokatha, with relations to the Pitjantjatjara and Warlpiri nations; and his mother was a member of the Mirning people, from the Nullabor Plain. Willoughby grew up at Koonibba, which was a Lutheran mission at the time. When he was 15 years old, he began learning at the Centre for Aboriginal Studies in Music at the University of Adelaide. Here he was introduced to drumming, guitars and Western music. Over the next few years there, he developed an unusual style of music by mixing traditional indigenous music with modern Western music styles, particularly reggae.

In 1978, Willoughby formed his first band, No Fixed Address. This was Australia's first indigenous rock band. The band played its first big concert in 1979, and held several gigs over the next few years. They mostly played at concerts that promoted political and social causes. The band signed a recording contract in 1982, with Rough Diamond Records. It was the first record deal with an Aboriginal musical act in Australia. The deal produced the band's first extended play, "From My Eyes", which began with the song "We Have Survived". Its sale was launched in Sydney by the Prime Minister Bob Hawke.

Later in the year, Willoughby and his band toured Australia as the opening act for Peter Tosh. Willoughby also played drums with Shane Howard and Goanna during their own tours of the country. The success from Tosh's tour led the Aboriginal Arts Board to give No Fixed Address a grant, to be used for a tour of their own overseas. The band toured England, in 1984. It was the first Aboriginal band to travel and play overseas. They played in nine cities, including London, Bristol, Leeds, Plymouth and Manchester. They also played at the Elephant Fayre festival in Saint Germans, Cornwall, and at a benefit concert for the miners' strikes.

After coming back to Australia, Willoughby joined his cousin's new band Coloured Stone. He played with this group from 1984, including during its tour of Scotland in 1986. They played at that year's Edinburgh Festival. They returned to Australia for the Australian Music Awards at the end of the year, and won the Best Indigenous Album award for "Human Love".

Willoughby reformed No Fixed Address in 1987, and the band toured Europe during 1987–1988.

Late in 1988, Willoughby was asked to join the newly formed Yothu Yindi as drummer on their tour for the album "Diesel & Dust". The tour visited 73 cities in the United States. Willoughby left Yothu Yindi in 1989 after the tour, and formed a new band Mixed Relations. This is the band he currently plays with. They have toured many Aboriginal communities and Australian cities, as well as several countries in the Pacific Islands.

In 1989, the band performed as the closing act for the very first Invasion Day (an alternative to Australia Day) concert at La Perouse in Sydney. They returned every year after that until the concerts stopped in 1994. They also represented Australia at the South Pacific Music Festival in 1990 and 1992, and at the Asian Music Festival in 1990 and 1992.

In 1980, Willoughby starred with another indigenous band (Us Mob) in a movie called "Wrong Side of the Road". It was a biographical drama movie about racism against Aboriginal musicians in rural towns. The movie won an award from the Australian Film Institute (AFI) in 1981. In 1990, Willoughby was cast in a small role in "Until the End of the World". The movie starred William Hurt and Sam Neill, as well as indigenous actors Ernie Dingo, David Gulpilil and Jimmy Little.

Willoughby also composed and recorded the soundtracks for several movies (mostly documentaries). These were done with No Fixed Address, and included "Always Was, Always Will Be" in 1988 and "Special Treatment: Locking up Aboriginal Children" in 1991. In 1992, he became the first Aboriginal to compose, play and direct the music track of a feature film. The movie was "Jindalee Lady", directed by Brian Syron. The movie was shown as part of the International First Nations Art and Film Festival in Edmonton, Canada, and the Hawaii International Film Festival.

Willoughby was given the very first Indigenous Australian Music Lifetime Achievement Award in 1993 for his contribution to the growth of indigenous music in Australia. Sol Bellear, Commissioner of the Aboriginal Torres Strait Islander Commission (ATSIC) said that Willoughby had been an "innovator" for indigenous musicians in Australia:

In the same year, Willoughby began teaching music to children at a Pitjantjatjara school in Yalata.

In 1997, Willoughby signed a contract as a solo artist with CAAMA Music. His first album was "Pathways". It was nominated for an award by the Australian Performing Rights Association (APRA). In 2011, both No Fixed Address and Coloured Stone were put in the National Indigenous Music Awards Hall of Fame.






We Have Survived

"We Have Survived" is a song by the Australian band No Fixed Address. It was written by Bart Willoughby when he was 18. It first appeared in the movie "Wrong Side of the Road", and was released on its soundtrack in 1980. It was later included on the band's first album "From My Eyes" from 1982.

"We Have Survived" is often sung as a kind of anthem by Indigenous Australians. It is often performed by cover bands in pubs and festivals. In 2008, it was added to the National Film and Sound Archive's Sounds of Australia registry.


Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians

Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians are a club of LGBT persons who go against abortion while at the same time representing the LGBT community. The group was established around 1990 in Minneapolis and Washington, D.C. The group advocates for alternatives to abortion.

Zulfikar Ghose

Zulfikar Ghose (born March 1935) is a writer and novelist of Pakistani origin, settled and teaching in Texas, USA. Among his better known works are "The Murder of Aziz Khan" (1967), "The Incredible Brazilian" (trilogy, 1972-78), "Don Bueno" (1983) and "The Triple Mirror of the Self" (1992). 

National Liberation Front of Tripura

The National Liberation Front of Tripura (or NLFT) is an Tripuri nationalist militant organization based in Tripura, in North-east India. The NLFT seeks to separate from the Republic of India and set up an independent Tripuri state, and has actively participated in the Tripura Rebellion.

Kukernag

Kokernag () is a town in the Anantnag District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Taklamakan Desert

The Taklamakan Desert, also known as Taklimakan and Teklimakan, is a desert in Northwest China, in the southwest part of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. It is bounded by the Kunlun Mountains to the south and the desert Pamir Mountains and Tian Shan to the west and north. The Taklamakan Desert Ecoregion is a Chinese ecoregion of the Deserts and xeric shrublands Biome. 

There is very little water in the desert and it is dangerous to cross. Merchant caravans on the Silk Road stopped for relief at the thriving oasis towns. The key oasis towns, watered by rainfall from the mountains, were Kashgar, Marin, Niya, Yarkand and Khotan to the south, Kuqa and Turpan in the north and Loulan and Dunhuang in the east. Some of these are now ruined cities in sparsely inhabited areas in the Xinjiang Autonomous Region. The present population consists largely of Turkic Uyghur people.

Rapid plant movement

Rapid plant movement means quick movement of plant structures, usually under a second. 

For example, the Venus Flytrap closes its trap in about 100 milliseconds. Some other carnivorous plants, such as the bladderworts, also have a rapid response to insects.

The Dogwood Bunchberry, "Cornus canadensis", has a flower which opens its petals and fires pollen in less than 0.5 milliseconds. The record is currently held by the White Mulberry tree, "Morus alba", whose leaves are used to cultivate silkworms. It is also notable for the rapid release of its pollen, which is launched at over half the speed of sound. The stamens act as catapults, releasing stored elastic energy in just 25 µs. "This is the fastest motion yet observed in biology, and approaches the theoretical physical limits for movements in plants".

The very widespread genus "Impatiens" gets its common name, "touch-me-not", from its seed capsules. When the capsules mature, they "explode" when touched, shooting seeds several metres away.
A comparatively slow-moving plant is "Mimosa pudica", which closes its leaflets in a graceful sequence.

These rapid plant movements contrast with the more common, and much slower "growth-movements" of plants. They are called "tropisms". 

Charles Darwin in 1880 published his last work before his death, "The Power of Movement in Plants".


Morus alba

Morus alba (the white mulberry, common mulberry, or the silkworm mulberry), is a genus of 10–16 species of trees. They are native to warm regions of Central Asia, and South-central Asia, with most of the species native to Asia. 

Mulberry leaves, particularly those of the white mulberry, "Morus alba", are important as the food of the silkworm, the cocoon of which is used to make silk. "Morus alba" is also notable for the rapid release of its pollen, which is launched at over half the speed of sound. "This is the fastest motion yet observed in biology, and approaches the theoretical physical limits for movements in plants".

Aleksandr Viktorenko

Aleksandr Stepanovich Viktorenko (born March 29, 1947) is a former Soviet cosmonaut. He was born in Olginka, North-Kazakhstan Oblast, Kazakh SSR on March 29, 1947. He is married with two children.

He was selected as an cosmonaut on March 23, 1978, and retired on May 30, 1997. During his career he was Commander of Soyuz TM-3, Soyuz TM-8, Soyuz TM-14. He spent a total of 489 days in space, including 19 hours and 33 minutes working outside the spacecraft./


Avery Waddell

Avery Kidd Waddell is an African-American actor. He has acted in many movies and been a guest star on programs including "Law & Order", "Angel" and "Weeds". He has also been a voice actor in several video games. He has been in the movies "Road Trip" and "The New Guy"

Addison's disease

Addison's disease is a rare and chronic endocrine disorder discovered by Thomas Addison. U.S. President John F. Kennedy is probably one of the most famous sufferers though his condition was kept secret during his presidency. Addision's disease is when the body does not produce enough of the hormone called cortisol. This hormone helps the body deal with stress. It helps with maintaining blood pressure and controlling the heart's functions. It slows the rate of inflammation caused by the body's immune system. It helps with controlling the way insulin is used, and the chemical reactions of proteins, carbohydrates and fats in the body. People with the disease suffer from weight loss, fatigue, weakness and low blood pressure. Some people also get darkened patches of skin. Addison's disease is treated by taking an artificial cortisol tablet. 

The Jim Henson Company

The Jim Henson Company is an American entertainment company. It started with Muppets, LLC. in 1958 by puppeteer Jim Henson. Henson is the creator of The Muppets. The Muppets helped the company become popular worldwide. They were well known in family entertainment for more than forty years.

In 1969, the company started making characters and more than 20 short movies for the popular children's show "Sesame Street".

One of the company's first characters regularly on national television was Rowlf the Dog. He was first made for Purina Dog Chow commercials. He became famous when he became a regular character on "The Jimmy Dean Show" from 1963–66.

In 1976, British media mogul Lew Grade asked Jim Henson to make a weekly show based in England, which became "The Muppet Show". The success of "The Muppet Show" led to many movies, specials, videos, and more.

In the early 1980s, Jim Henson also formed Jim Henson's Creature Shop. It made characters for shows such as "The Storyteller", "Farscape", and "Dinosaurs"; and movies such as "The Dark Crystal" and "Labyrinth". It was also in the 1980s that Jim Henson produced new television series such as "Fraggle Rock" and "The Jim Henson Hour".
In 1990, Jim Henson was talking to The Walt Disney Company about selling his company. Henson died during the week that he was going to sign the contract. His family decided to have the company keep the rights to the characters. However, on December 18, 1991, The Walt Disney Company bought the distribution rights to the entire Jim Henson Company library up to that time.

In 2020, Jim Henson’s children sold the company to the German media company, EM.TV. In January 1, 2021 they sold the "Sesame Street" Muppets to Sesame Workshop. In 2023 Henson's children bought back the company. In 2024, they sold the rights to "The Muppets" and "Bear in the Big Blue House" characters to The Walt Disney Company. The Walt Disney Company now owns all Muppet-related trademarks, including the word “Muppet”.

Yalata, South Australia

Yalata is an Aboriginal community on the coast of South Australia. It is about west of Ceduna. The reserve, Yalata Aboriginal Land, covers and spans about of the Eyre Highway. It is one of 74 local government areas in South Australia.

The people who originally live in this region are Wirangu and Mirning. However, most of the people who live at Yalata are Pitjantjatjara, who originally come from the north (Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara). They speak a southern dialect of the Pitjantjatjara language. This is spoken as a first language in most homes (58% in 2006). The other groups making up the land's traditional owners are the Kokatha, Yankunytjatjara, Antakirinja, Pindiini and Ngalea, which are all nations of the Western Desert.

Pitjantjatjara were forced to move here by the Australian government in the 1950s. Large parts of their land in the north were made into the Woomera Test Range, a weapons testing area. The families were first moved south, to a Christian mission at Ooldea. They were moved to Yalata, even further south, in 1952. This second move was done because of nuclear-weapon tests being done at Maralinga and Emu Field. The title to the lands around Maralinga (Maralinga Tjarutja) was given back to the Aboriginal people by the South Australian Parliament in December 1984. People from Yalata and further inland resettled on the land in 1995.

A total of 82% of residents identify their main religion as Lutheran.


Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara

Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara (APY) is a large area of Aboriginal land in the north west corner of South Australia. It belongs to the Pitjantjatjara, Yankunytjatjara and Ngaanyatjarra peoples (or Aṉangu). Native title was granted by the government of David Tonkin on 30 October 1981. The land covers about , about 10.4% of the state. It is one of the 74 local government areas of South Australia.

The APY lands are arid and very remote. It is mostly flat, except for the Everard Ranges in the east and Musgrave Ranges along the border with the Northern Territory. There are about 2500 people living on the lands.

The area covered by APY represents the southern portion of the Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara homelands; the northern portion is in the Northern Territory, surrounding Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park. In 1921, the western half of what is now the APY lands was made into the North-West Aboriginal Reserve. This was alongside another reserve across the border in the Northern Territory, called the Petermann Reserve. Both reserves were intended to form a temporary refuge (safe place) for Aboriginal people. The government said they could continue their nomadic lifestyle there until they could be assimilated into modern society. The eastern half of what is now the APY lands was part of the Woomera Test Range during the 1950s and 1960s. The boundary of the range was later moved further south, and the land was then leased to cattle farmers.

In 1966, South Australia passed the Aboriginal Lands Trust Act. It was the first piece of legislation (law) in Australia to recognise Aboriginal land rights and allow for Aboriginal groups to be given land based on how they had lived there. No other state or territory would enact anything like it until 10 years later. In 1976, the Pitjantjatjara Council made an formal claim to the lands around the Musgrave Ranges. It was done on behalf of all Aṉangu with historical connections to the area. Premier Don Dunstan and his government proposed a bill to parliament in 1978, intending to grant the Pitjantjatjara rights to their land. However, opal miners strongly objected to the proposal. They had set up mining camps at Mintabie, within the area that would be given to the Aṉangu. The government changed after state elections in 1979. The new government of David Tonkin had years of negotiations with the Pitjantjatjara Council and the miners at Mintabie. A parliamentary committee produced a final decision on 2 March 1981. It said that the Mintabie area should be included in the grant of land, but be leased back to the government so that mining can continue there. The bill was approved by parliament on the same day.

Tonkin signed the Pitjantjatjara Land Rights Act on 2 October 1981, putting the bill into effect. The freehold title to the land was given to the Pitjantjatjara, Yankunytjatjara and Ngaanyatjarra peoples, who formed a council as the local government. The grant included the former leasehold areas in the eastern portion: Everard Park, Kenmore Park and Granite Downs. A portion of the southeast of the APY lands (about ) still overlaps with the Woomera Test Range.

The lease for Mintabie lasted for 21 years, expiring in 2002. New legislation in 2009 allowed for another lease, which was signed in April 2012.

The APY is one of 74 local government areas of South Australia. It includes a number of settlement communities, as well as over 50 family outstations (referred to as "homelands"). Most of the settlements are located in the far north. The administrative centre for the APY is Umuwa. The four largest towns, as recorded in the 2006 census are Iwantja (339 people), Pukatja (332), Amata (319) and Mimili (303). The only non-indigenous community is the opal-mining town of Mintabie (250 people). The other settlement communities are: Kaltjiti, Watarru, Kanpi, Nyapari, Kalka, Pipalyatjara, Yunyarinyi and Watinuma.

In the 2006 census, there were 2,230 people living on the APY Lands. About 84.5% of them were Indigenous Australians. Over half (58.6%) of residents listed Pitjantjatjara as the language spoken at home; 14.3% listed Yankunytjatjara; and 18.7% gave English as their spoken language.

There has not been much economic development, except for tourism. There have been proposals to mine in the area. The Musgrave Ranges is estimated to contain rich mineral and petroleum deposits. The APY government has not allowed mining so far, because it is concerned about the social impacts it may have, and the possible impacts on sacred sites and the environment.

Two major issues throughout the APY Lands are the low standard of health care (compared to the rest of Australia) and drug abuse (usually alcohol, petrol sniffing, cannabis and, more recently, other illegal drugs). The fact that the indigenous area crosses over three jurisdictions (South Australia, Western Australia and the Northern Territory) has made enforcing drug-trafficking laws difficult. An inquiry into child sexual abuse on the APY Lands was done by a retired Supreme Court judge. It was completed in 2008, and found that this had been a widespread problem in several of the APY communities for many years.

In early August 2007, the South Australian government announced a A$34 million plan to "improve well-being of Aboriginal people" in the APY Lands. $25m will be spent on improving housing and most of the remaining $8m on law enforcement in Amata and Pukatja.


Academy Award for Best Film Editing

The Academy Award for Film Editing is one of the yearly awards of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. 

Since 1981, every movie selected as Best Picture has also been nominated for the Film Editing Oscar. About two thirds of the Best Picture winners have also won for Film Editing. 

This award was first given for movies released in 1934. The name of this award is sometimes changed. In 2008, it was listed as the Academy Award for Achievement in Film Editing.

These listings are based on the Awards Database maintained by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences.








The award name was changed to Best Editing in 1999.














Iqbal Park

Iqbal Park is a park in Lahore, Pakistan. It was called Minto Park during British Indian times. It is named after "Allama" Sir Muhammad Iqbal, the National Poet of Pakistan. In the All India Muslim Leagues session of 21-24 March 1940, which was held here, the famous Lahore Resolution was passed. This led to the eventual creation of independent Pakistan in 1947. This event is remembered in this park, by the structure of the "Minar-e-Pakistan" (Pakistan Tower/Minaret), which is visited by many people every year. 

Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling

The Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling is the Oscar given to the best achievement in makeup and hair-styling for movies. Usually, only three movies are nominated each year rather than five as in most categories.

In 2012, the category was renamed to Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling.

Before 1981, Special Achievement Oscars were twice awarded to makeup artists for their work on a specific movie:

Starting in 1993, the award is to be shared with hairstylists if hair effects "contribute greatly to the appearance and effect of the characters".

The winners are in bold text with a blue background.


Academy Award for Best Original Score

The Academy Award for Original Score is given to the best body of music in the form of dramatic underscoring that is written specifically for a movie.

Academy Award for Animated Short Film

The Academy Award for Animated Short Film is an award given by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. It has been part of the Academy Awards every year since the 5th Academy Awards for 1931-1932.

This category was known as "Short Subjects, Cartoons" from 1932 until 1970. It was "Short Subjects, Animated Films" from 1971 to 1973. The present title began with the 1974 awards. Only American movies were nominated for the award until 1952.

The Academy defines "short" as being "not more than 40 minutes, including all credits."

"As Short Subjects (Cartoons)"






Name of award changed to Short Subjects (Animated Films)


Name of award changed to Short Films (Animated Films)
















Unionist Party (Punjab)

The Unionist Party (Punjab) was a political party of the Punjab, British India. It was founded by Sir Fazli Husain, Sir Chotu Ram and Sir Sikandar Hayat Khanin 1923 and basically represented the Punjabi "zamindar" (rural/agrarian)interests. The party was secular in nature and believed in a strong and united Punjabi entity, bringing together Muslims, Hindus, Sikhs and other communities of this province, 

Under the leadership of Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, the party won the general elections of 1936 and formed a coalition government along with the Indian National Congress and Sikh Akali Dal from 1937 onwards. However, in October 1937, the Muslim members in the party were also allowed to merge with the All India Muslim League by an agreement reached between Sir Sikandar and Mr Muhammad Ali Jinnah at Lucknow. This famous agreement was called the Jinnah-Sikandar Pact. 

Wah

Wah is a village in Attock District of North Punjab, Pakistan. It is famous for the old Pleasure Gardens there dating from the Mughal Empire, and for being the birthplace of a former Governor and Chief Minister of the Punjab during British Indian times, Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan. 

Wah Cantonment is a large military garrison and township nearby. 

A Good Day to Die Hard

A Good Day to Die Hard (also called Die Hard 5) is an American action thriller movie starring Bruce Willis as John McClane and is the fifth film in the "Die Hard" series. The setting is Russia, in which country McClane's son uncovers a terrorist plot. Mary Elizabeth Winstead plays McClane's daughter Lucy. The releasing date in the United States is February 14, 2013.

Sarus crane

The sarus crane ("Antigone antigone") is a large crane that lives in the Indian subcontinent, southeast Asia and Australia. It does not migrate. It is the tallest bird in the world that can fly. It can grow to 1.8 m (5.9 ft) tall. Its wing can reach 2.4 metres (8 ft) from tip to tip. It can weigh 8.4 kg (18.5 lb). It lives in open wetlands.

It is easy to tell the sarus crane apart from other cranes that live in the same places. The sarus crane is grey in colour with a red head and part of the neck. The sarus crane looks for food in marshes and shallow wetlands. 

It eats roots, tubers, insects, crustaceans, and small vertebrate prey. Like other cranes, the sarus crane forms long-lasting pairs and holds territories. There they perform territorial and courtship displays which include loud trumpeting, leaps and dance-like movements.

It lives in wetlands, and in agricultural lands close to humans. Elsewhere, the species has been eliminated in many parts of its former range.

The main breeding season is during the rainy season, when the pair builds an enormous nest "island", a circular platform of reeds and grasses about two meters in diameter and high enough to stay above the water. 

There are fewer sarus cranes than there were a hundred years ago. The cranes alive today are perhaps 2.5% of the numbers that existed in the 1850s. The stronghold of the species is Rajasthan, India.


Yi Kwang-su

Yi Kwang-su (, 4 March 1892 – 25 October 1950) was a famous Korean independence activist, writer and poet. He was also called Chunwon (), Goju(), which were his nicknames.

Yi was 11 years old when his both parents died from cholera, and he was orphaned. He was moved to Seoul, and through money given by anomymous benefactors, Yi was able to study overseas in Japan in 1906. He studied at Taisey Middle School and Meiji University. During that time, he started writing novels and poetry.

In 1910, Yi returned to Korea and started teaching at Oshan Elementary School (; ). He resigned (left his job) in 1915. In 1916, he studied overseas again in Japan, entering Waseda University, but he dropped out in his third year. In 1918, he went into political exile in Sanghai because of his involvement with Korean independence movements and New Korea Youngman Praty (; ). In 1919, he was a functionary of Provisional Gavement of Korea (; ).

Yi returned to Korea in 1919. He concentrated on writing novels and poems. During the 1930s, he was a reporter and journalist for "Dong ah Il-bo", "Maeil Sinmun" and "The Chosun".

Yi was an agent and a follower of Ahn Chang-ho, and was part of his group of officers, Heungsadan, in 1922. In 1938, he was imprisoned in Seodaemun Prison for one year before being released. Yi retired in 1944. He died in 1950, from tuberculosis and lung disease. He was aged 58.





National Museum of Mongolia

The National Museum of Mongolia has exhibitions about archaeology, history and Mongolian culture. It is in the capital Ulan Bator.

Jeremy Roenick

Jeremy Shaffer "J.R." Roenick (born January 17, 1970 in Boston, Massachusetts) is a retired American professional ice hockey center that played in the National Hockey League. Roenick was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks with the 8th overall pick in the 1988 NHL Draft.

Roenick played in the NHL for five teams, Chicago Blackhawks from 1988 to 1996, Phoenix Coyotes from 1996 to 2001, Philadelphia Flyers from 2001 to 2005, Los Angeles Kings from 2005 to 2006, another stint with the Phoenix Coyotes from 2006 to 2007 and the San Jose Sharks from 2007 to 2009.



Jadoon

They are settled mostly in Swabi and Sarkoy payan of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Horace Rose, an amateur ethnologist and administrator of the British Raj, noted them in 1911 , and partly in Abbottabad and Haripur districts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. Across the Durand line, some members of the tribe live in Nangarhar and Kunar in Afghanistan. The Jadoons speak Pashto in Swabi and Afghanistan and Hindko in Abbottabad and Haripur .The name Jadoon is sometimes spelled as Gadoon and in one citation as Suddoon. 
The Jadoon are descended from Ashraf also known as jadoon (Gadoon) of the Panni clan of the Ghurghusht Afghan. Panni, Kakar, Naghar and Dawi were four sons of Daney son of Ismail, also known as Ghurghusht. The people of this tribe call themselves jadoons, but Eastern Afghans who change the letter S`h into K`h and “j” into “G” style them Gadoons as the letter J and G are interchangeable in the Pushto language, just as jillani and Gillani are synonyms. The Jadoons were freedom fighters and they showed bravery against their rivals, especially the Sikhs and the British with other prominent Pashtun tribes of the region like the Swati, Tareens Khaji khail and Shilmani. Their leader Sakhi Jan Jadoon had been martyred during the freedom efforts against the Sikhs in the 19th century.Jadoon mainly live in Sarkoy Payan of Gadoon.

Jadoons living in Pakistan are subdivided into Mansoor & saalars subtribes. Subtribe Mansoor is further subdivided into three branches namely, DulatZai, MosaZai and Sheikhs, named after Daulat Khan, Mosa Khan & Hasan Khan, sons of Sheikh Mansoor. DaulatZais are settled in Mangal and Mirpur areas of District Abottabad of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa region . Sulemanzai, khizarzai, bozai, sarkhailzai are also sub tribes of panni pakhtoon.

Born in the U.S.A. (song)

"Born in the U.S.A." is a rock music song by Bruce Springsteen. The song appears on Springsteen's 1984 album, "Born in the U.S.A.". The song was recorded in May 1982. It became the biggest hit of his career. "Rolling Stone" ranked the song 275th on their list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time". The song is about the effects of the Vietnam War, but is often interpreted as a patriotic or nationalistic anthem.


Lahore Fort

The Lahore Fort is an ancient fort in the city of Lahore, Pakistan. Its foundations are probably very ancient but the building was largely constructed during the Mughal Empire. It belonged to the Mughal emperors. Along with the Shalimar Gardens Lahore, the Fort is symbolic of the height of Mughal glory in medieval South Asia. The Lahore Fort is also known as Shahi Qila or Royal Fort.

Arunachal Dragon Force

The Arunachal Dragon Force (ADF), is a nationalist liberation movement in the north-eastern Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh. The ADF wants to create an independent state.

Shalimar Gardens Lahore

The Shalimar Gardens in Lahore are formal gardens laid out in Mughal style, near Lahore city, in Pakistan. 


Brett Salisbury

Brett Jon Salisbury C.S.N.,C-3 (born October 11, 1968 in Dayton, Ohio) is a former college football quarterback at University of Oregon, Brigham Young University, and Wayne State College. He is also the author of "The Transform Diet". Salisbury shows in the new book how Kaposi's sarcoma is confused with HIV diagnoses.

Chris Miller (quarterback)

Christopher James Miller (b August 9, 1965 in Pomona, California) is a former American football player. He was selected by the Atlanta Falcons in the 1st round (13th overall) of the 1987 NFL Draft. 

Concussions stopped him from playing longer. After he had five concussions in 14 months, he left the NFL in 1995. He returned to the NFL in 1999 but a concussion while playing with the Denver Broncos in that year made him decide to retire for good. He was made a member of the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 2005.

He was the quarterbacks coach for the Arizona Cardinals.

Common crane

The common crane ("Grus grus"), also known as the Eurasian crane, is a bird of the family Gruidae, the cranes. It is a medium-sized species, and classified as of least concern. It is the only crane commonly found in Europe apart from the demoiselle crane. 

In Europe, the common crane breeds in boreal and taiga forest and mixed forests, from sea-level to . It also lives on treeless moors, on bogs, or on dwarf heather habitats, usually where small lakes or pools are also found. 

In Sweden, breeders are usually found in small, swampy openings amongst pine forests while, in Germany, marshy wetlands are used. Breeding habitats in Russia are similar, though they can even be found nesting in the steppe and in semi-desert, so long as water is near. Mostly, common cranes are found breeding in wooded swamps, bogs and wetlands. They seem to need quiet, peaceful enivrons with little human interference. They live in low density, from 1 to 5 pairs per .

During winter, the birds move to flooded areas, shallow sheltered bays, and swampy meadows. During the flightless moulting period there is a need for shallow waters or high reed cover for concealment. Later, after the migration period, the birds winter regularly in open country, often on cultivated lands and sometimes also in savanna-like areas, for example on the Iberian Peninsula.

Cranes are back in Britain after 300 years. They were devastated by the draining of the fens 300 years ago. This was a low-lying wetland which was one of their favourite habitats.

Sasamuta-jinja

"Sasamuta" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the old Bungo Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Oita Prefecture. 

St Hugh's College, Oxford

St Hugh's College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford, named after St Hugh, Bishop of Lincoln. It is located on a fourteen and a half acre site to the north of the city centre. It was founded in 1886 as a college for women, and its first male students were admitted in its centenary year in 1986. It has a reputation as one of the more attractive colleges because of its extensive, pleasant gardens. The college celebrated its 125th anniversary in 2011. The college has 418 undergraduates and 205 postgraduate students. The Principal is Elish Angiolini.



Yusuhara Hachiman-gū

, also known as Yasuhara Shrine, is a Japanese Shinto shrine in Ōita, Ōita on the island of Kyushu.

Yusuhara was established in the early 9th century.

Yusuhara was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the old Bungo Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Ōita Prefecture. 

In 1916, Yusuhara was listed among the minor Shinto shrines which are nationally important.


Immersion (mathematics)

In differential geometry, an immersion is a function that maps one manifold into another. Immersions are only possible if the manifolds have certain properties.

Rip Torn

Elmore Rual "Rip" Torn (February 6, 1931 – July 9, 2019) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who was known for his role as Chief Zed in "Men in Black" and in "Men in Black II". He won an Emmy Award in 1996 for his role as Artie on the television series "The Larry Sanders Show".

Torn was born on February 6, 1931 in Temple, Texas. He studied at Texas A&M University. Torn was married to Ann Wedgeworth from 1955 until they divorced in 1961. Then he was married to Geraldine Page from 1963 until her death in 1987. He married Amy Wright in 1989. He had six children.

Torn died on July 9, 2019 at his home in Lakeville, Connecticut from Alzheimer's disease-related problems at the age of 88.


Anseriformes

The order Anseriformes contains about 150 living species of birds in four families: the Anhimidae (the screamers), Anseranatidae (the Magpie goose), the Anatidae, which includes over 140 species of waterfowl, among them the ducks, geese, and swans and the †Vegavidae, containing the sole genus "Vegavis".

All species in the order are highly adapted to live at the water surface. All are web-footed for good swimming. While most live on water, some live mainly on land.

David Hyde Pierce

David Hyde Pierce (born April 3, 1959) is an American actor, comedian and writer. He is known for his role as Dr. Niles Crane in "Frasier". He won four Emmy Awards for his role as Dr. Niles Crane and also won two Screen Actors Guild Award, a TCA Award, and a Tony Award.

Pierce was born on April 3, 1959 in Saratoga Springs, New York. He studied at Yale University. Pierce is openly gay. He has been married to Brian Hargrove since 2008.


Qardaha

Qardaha () is a small town in northwestern Syria. It is the capital of the Qardaha District. It is the home town of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.

Steve Larmer

Steven Donald Larmer (born June 16, 1961 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger who played in National Hockey League. Larmer was drafted by the Chicago Black Hawks with the 120th overall pick in the 1980 NHL Draft.

Larmer played in the NHL for two teams, the Chicago Blackhawks from 1980 to 1993 and the New York Rangers from 1993 to 1995.



Missi Pyle

Andrea Kay "Missi" Pyle (born November 16, 1972) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actress and singer. She was in the movies "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory", "Big Fish", "A Cinderella Story Once Upon a Song", "Galaxy Quest", "The Artist" and in "". 

Pyle was born on November 16, 1972 in Houston, Texas. She studied at the North Carolina School of the Arts and at Germantown High School. Pyle was married to Antonio Sacre from 2000 until they divorced in 2005. She married Casey Anderson in 2008. 

Yusufzai

The Yusufzai (also spelt 'Yousafzai', or 'Esapzai') are a large Pashtun tribe inhabiting several areas the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan. At the present time, a young girl, Malala Yousafzai is the best known member of this tribe globally. 

Coolio

Artis Leon Ivey Jr. (August 1, 1963 – September 28, 2022), known professionally as Coolio, was an American rapper, record producer and actor. 

Coolio is best known for his song ""Gangsta's Paradise"". It was released on the album of the same name. The song won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance, two MTV Video Music Award's for Best Rap Video and for Best Video from a Film and a Billboard Music Award for the song and album. Coolio also sang the theme song "Aw, Here It Goes" for the Nickelodeon television show Kenan & Kel.

Coolio died on September 28, 2022 at his home in Los Angeles, aged 59. The cause of death was from an accidental overdose of fentanyl, heroin, and methamphetamine.

Coolio has released 8 studio albums:

Swatis

The Swatis () are Afghan tribe swati tribe inhabiting the Hazara region in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and Torghar the Provincially Administered Tribal Areas (PATA) of Pakistan. Swati are the biggest land owner of district Batagram previously independent territory and district Mansehra and to some extent in Kohistan and Shangla District as well.

Most of the Swatis speak Pashtu but some also speak hindku.


Erin Crocker

Erin Crocker (born March 23, 1981) is a former race car driver. She first raced in the World of Outlaws, and won five races, earning her the National Sprint Car Hall of Fame Outstanding Newcomer Award. In 2004, Crocker became a driver for Ford Motor Company's driver development program. In 2005, she joined Evernham Motorsports, and raced in the ARCA/REMAX Series, before joining NASCAR. At Dover International Speedway, Crocker cracked a rib, and had to sit out some races. In 2006, Crocker drove full time in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series. One year later, Crocker became involved in a group of lawsuits between Ray Evernham and Jeremy Mayfield, who blamed the team's trouble on Evernham's relationship with a female driver. Crocker later told ESPN that her relationship with Evernham has hurt her racing career. Crocker and Evernham later married. In 2007, Crocker left Evernham Motorsports, and raced in two races for Morgan-Dollar Motorsports, before being replaced by A. J. Allmendinger and Scott Speed. She later became a broadcaster for SPEED.

Ross (name)

Ross is a male given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ raws, ros ]. Ross is a common and meaningful name for boys with a fascinating historical background. Its Scottish roots give it the definition of "promontory" or "headland," stemming from the Gaelic term "ros" meaning the same. Additionally, the name Ross is linked to the color red as it originated from the Old Norse word "roðr," which translates to "red." It can also be a family name for people of Scottish descent. The family name can also be of German origin. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 

Ross is the name of many people, such as:



Alexander Ross

Alexander Ross may be:


Alexander Ross (writer)

Alexander Ross (c. 1590–1654) was a Scottish writer. He wrote many books. One of his most important works was complete translation of the Qur'an into English.

He was vicar of St. Mary's Church, Carisbrooke in the Isle of Wight from 1634 to his death.


Abdul Rehman Siddiqui

Abdul Rehman Siddiqui (died 1953) was a politician from Bengal but living mostly in Delhi, British India. He was a staunch supporter of the All India Muslim League and in March 1940, was one of the 25 special delegates on the Working Committee of the All-India Muslim League that drafted the famous Lahore Resolution.

Thomas Carlyle

Thomas Carlyle (4 December 1795 - 5 February 1881) was a Scottish writer, essayist, historian and social reformer. He lived most of his later life in London, England, and is sometimes also called the 'Sage of Chelsea' after the neighbourhood where he lived there.

Karakul (hat)

The karakul (also spelt qaraqul at times) is a type of hat made from the wool or fur of the karakul/qaraqul sheep. It is typically worn by men in Central Asia, Afghanistan and Pakistan. The Jinnah cap is a type of Karakul that is named after the founder of Pakistan, Muhammad Ali Jinnah, who popularized it. 

Van Johnson

Van Johnson (Charles Van Dell Johnson, August 25, 1916 – December 12, 2008) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, voice actor, singer, and dancer who is known for his roles in "30 Seconds over Tokyo", "A Guy Named Joe" and in "The Caine Mutiny".

Johnson was born on August 25, 1916 in Newport, Rhode Island. He was married to Eve Lynn Abbott Wynn from 1947 until they divorced in 1968. He has 1 child with Wynn and two step-children. Johnson died on December 12, 2008 from natural causes in his Nyack, New York home, aged 92.


Kamila Shamsie

Kamila Shamsie (born 1973) is a Pakistani novelist who writes in the English language. She was brought up in Karachi, Pakistan, and attended the Karachi Grammar School.

She has a BA degree in Creative Writing from Hamilton College, and an MFA from the MFA Program for Poets and Writers at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, USA.


Fazli Husain

Mian Sir Fazli Husain, KCSI (1877-1936), was a Punjabi politician of British India. He was one of the co-founders of the Unionist Party (Punjab).

Gruiformes

The Gruiformes are an order with many living and extinct bird families, and a widespread geographical diversity. Gruiform means "crane-like".

The Gruiformes evolved early, long before the passerine songbirds which are the most common birds today. The Gruiform radiation in the Palaeocene and Eocene produced a large variety of medium to large-sized birds. Many of them still prefer the watery habitats which were so common early in the Cainozoic era.

Cranes and rails are the core of the Gruiformes. Also often added are a large number of difficult-to-place birds like the huge "Diatryma" and "Phorusrhacos".

St. Luke's Church, Abbottabad

St. Luke's Church, Abbottabad is an Anglican church dedicated to St. Luke, now under the jurisdiction of the Peshawar Diocese of the Church of Pakistan. It was originally founded in the town of Abbottabad, British India, in 1864.
The work on the construction of St Luke's commenced in 1854-55, with initial delays due to slow fund-raising and then a brief interruption due to the Indian War of Independence (or Indian Mutiny) and it was completed and then consecrated by the Bishop of Calcutta in October 1864. Its jurisdiction covered most of the Hazara region including Abbottabad, Haripur, Mansehra and the Galyat hill tracts. The Old Christian Cemetery Abbottabad, which was already existing, was also attached to it.

From June 1947 to April 1948, as a result of the Partition disturbances at the time of the Independence of India and Pakistan, St Luke's was shut down. Regular services only resumed in 1951. In 1970, the Church of Pakistan was established via a union of Anglicans, Scottish Presbyterians (Church of Scotland), United Methodists and Lutherans. Thereafter, St Luke's was formally placed under its new Peshawar Diocese. Since then, full-time clerics have been appointed here to minister to the local congregation.

Mohammed Hanif

Mohammed Hanif (born November 1964) is a Pakistani writer and novelist in English, who is best known for his award-winning novel, "A Case of Exploding Mangos" (2008).

Sonia Gandhi

Sonia Gandhi (b. December 9, 1946 is an Indian politician. She is the president of the Indian National Congress. She is the widow of the former Prime Minister of India, Rajiv Gandhi. She is the chairperson of the national advisory council. In 1998, she was elected president of the Indian National Congress. 

Gandhi was born Antoio maino in Ovassanjo, Italy.

Church of Pakistan

The Church of Pakistan is a united church in Pakistan, which is part of the Anglican Communion and also a member church of the World Methodist Council. It was established in 1970 with a union of Anglicans, Scottish Presbyterians (Church of Scotland), United Methodists, and Lutherans. 

The Church is divided into eight administrative and organisational units, called dioceses. Each diocese has a number of parishes within its jurisdiction. Each diocese is presided over by a bishop, who sits at the diocesan head office, usually located in the district capital.

St. John's Church (Jhelum)

St. John's Church, is an Anglican church in Jhelum. It is now under the Church of Pakistan, in Jhelum cantonment, Punjab, Pakistan. It is by the bank of the Jhelum River. It was built in 1860 during the British Raj. It is a landmark of the city. 

Andrés Segovia

Andrés Segovia Torres, 1st Marquis of Salobreña (21 February 1893 – 2 June 1987), was a virtuoso Spanish classical guitarist from Linares, Jaén, Andalucia, Spain. He was always known as Andrés Segovia. 

He was one of the best known and most influential classical guitar personalities of the 20th century. He had a big influence on later guitarists, because of his performances and recordings, and his masterclasses. Important guitar works were dedicated to him by composers such as Federico Moreno Torroba.

Segovia led the development of the Spanish guitar as an instrument for classical art music. As well as works dedicated to him by modern composers, he also transcribed classical works originally written for other instruments. He is remembered for his expressive performances: his wide palette of tone, and his distinctive (often instantly recognizable) musical personality in tone, phrasing and style. 

Segovia was especially fond of the compositions of the Brazilian musician Heitor Villa-Lobos. In the 1920s, Segovia met Villa-Lobos and commissioned a guitar study: the composer responded with a set of twelve, each taking a tiny detail or figure from Brazilian chorões (itinerant street musicians). 

Two films were made of his life and work. They are available on DVD called "Andrés Segovia in Portrait". His final RCA LP record (ARL1-1602), "Reveries", was recorded in Madrid in June 1977.
In 1984, Segovia was the subject of a thirteen part series broadcast on National Public Radio, USA, entitled "Segovia!" The series was recorded on location in Spain, France, and the United States.

Segovia (disambiguation)

Segovia is a city in Spain.

Segovia may also refer to:


Faiz Ahmad Faiz

Faiz Ahmad Faiz ( 13 February 1911 – 20 November 1984) NI, was an influential left-wing Urdu poet and intellectual from Pakistan. A notable member of the Progressive Writers' Movement (PWM), Faiz was an avowed Marxist and was a recipient of the Lenin Peace Prize awarded by the Soviet Union in 1962. Despite being repeatedly accused of atheism by the political and military establishment, Faiz's poetry, very popular amongst the masses, suggested his complicated relationship with religion in general and Islam in particular.


St Philip's Church (Hyderabad)

St Philip's Church is a Protestant (Anglican) church in Hyderabad, Sindh, in Pakistan. The church is administered by the Diocese of Hyderabad of the Church of Pakistan.

Sial

Sial can be the upper layer of the Earth's crust

Sial can also be:



Charadriiformes

Charadriiformes is a diverse order of small to medium-large birds. It includes about 350 species. It has members in all parts of the world. Most charadriiformes live near water and eat invertebrates or other small animals. However, some are pelagic (sea birds), some occupy deserts, and a few are found in thick forest.

This is a list of the charadriiform families, presented in taxonomic order.

Gérard Férey

Gérard Férey (14 July 1941 – 19 August 2017) was a French chemist. He was a member of the French Academy of Sciences, teacher at the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines". He is specialized in the physical chemistry of solids and materials.

In September 2010, he received the CNRS Gold medal, the highest French scientific distinctions.

Gerard Férey was a lecturer at the University of Maine. In 1968, he founded the Department of Chemistry at Le Mans. He obtains his doctoral at the Pierre-and-Marie-Curie University in 1977.

He was a teacher at the University of Maine from 1981 to 1996 and the at the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines" since that date. From 1988 to 1992 he was deputy director of the Department of Chemistry at the French National Centre for Scientific Research.

He was elected to the French Academy of Sciences the 18th of November 2003.


Karl Mannheim

Karl Mannheim (27 March 1893 - 9 January 1947), or Károly Mannheim in original writing of his name, was a Hungarian-German sociologist and social scientist. He was influential in the first half of the 20th century. He is one of the founding fathers of classicial sociology as well as a founder of the sociology of knowledge.

Mannheim was born in Budapest. He studied there as well as in Berlin, Paris and Heidelberg. In Budapest, at the University of Budapest, he earned a doctorate in philosophy. In 1914 he attended lectures by Georg Simmel. During the brief period of the Hungarian Soviet in 1919 he taught in a teacher-training school thanks to the patronage and his friend and mentor György Lukács.

Mannheim's book "Ideologie und Utopie" (1929) was the most widely debated book by a living sociologist in Germany during the Weimar Republic; the English version "Ideology and Utopia" (1936) has been a standard in American-style international academic sociology, carried by the interest it aroused in the U.S.A. The German and English versions of the book are quite different. This has led to reappraisals of Mannheim started by new texual discoveries and republications. Mannheim's sociological theorizing has been the subject of many book-length studies, evidence of an international interest in his principal themes. Mannheim was not an author of any work he himself considered a finished book, but rather of some fifty major essays and treatises. Most of these were later published in book form.


Neon Indian

Neon Indian is a music group from Denton, Texas. 

The band's first album was "Psychic Chasms". It had many favorable reviews. It was named Best New Music and 14th best album of 2009 by Pitchfork Media. The "Rolling Stone" magazine called Neon Indian one of the hottest new bands of 2010.

On February 11, 2010, Neon Indian was on national television for the first time. They played on NBC's Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.

<nowiki>**</nowiki> ("This single was written and recorded with Chris Taylor from Grizzly Bear for Mountain Dew's Green Label Sound Series)"

Pipe bomb

A pipe bomb is a kind of explosive bomb. It is made from a pipe filled with an explosive material.

In many countries making or having a pipe bomb is a serious crime.


Treasure Coast

Treasure Coast is a region in the US state of Florida. It is found on the state's Atlantic coast. The name "Treasure Coast" refers to the Spanish Treasure Fleet lost in a 1715 hurricane.

Juggalo

A Juggalo is someone who listens to Psychopathic Records and or likes Insane Clown Posse. They usually drink a drink called Faygo.

The name started at a 1994 concert by Insane Clown Posse. In the song "The Juggla", Violent J called the audience "Juggalos". It became popular. They wrote the songs "What Is a Juggalo?" and "Down with The Clown" for their 1997 album "The Great Milenko".

The Gathering of the Juggalos is a yearly festival put on by Psychopathic Records. It has performances by the entire label as well as many well-known musical groups and underground artists. It was started by Robert Bruce, Insane Clown Posse, and their label in 2000.

Black hat

Black hat may refer to:


Ole Miss Rebels

The Ole Miss Rebels are the sports team for the University of Mississippi. They were first named the "Mississippi Flood". They were renamed the Rebels in 1936.

The school's colors are cardinal red and navy blue. This is meant to be the same as the school colors of Harvard and Yale.

Ole Miss' major athletic rivals are with the Mississippi State Bulldogs (MSU), the LSU Tigers, and the Arkansas Razorbacks.

Canada goose

The Canada goose ("Branta canadensis") is a wild goose with a black head and neck, white patches on the face, and a brownish-gray body. Native to arctic and temperate regions of North America, it is occasionally found in northern Europe, and has been introduced to other temperate regions. There are a number of subspecies.

Stan Wawrinka

Stanislas "Stan" Wawrinka (, ; born 28 March 1985 in Lausanne) is a Swiss professional tennis player. He is also a German citizen because his father is from Germany, though of Czech ancestry (hence their surname). His career-high singles ranking is Number 3 in the world. He reached this rank in January 2014. He considers clay his best surface and his serve and volley his best shot. He won the gold medal for Switzerland in the men's doubles event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, with Roger Federer. They beat the Swedish team Simon Aspelin/Thomas Johansson in the final. They also won the 2008 Swiss Team of the Year Award.

Wawrinka has won three Grand Slam singles events: the Australian Open in 2014, the French Open in 2015, and the US Open in 2016.


Aboriginal title

Aboriginal title is a common law doctrine that the rights of indigenous peoples to own their traditional land persist after sovereignty has been taken by colonial settlers. When granted, it is usually inalienable, meaning it can not be sold, traded or given away. The title may be held by individuals or groups of people, and is inherited indefinitely (without end) by those people's descendants. What proof is required for aboriginal title to be recognised depends on the country's laws that govern the doctrine. It usually must include some evidence of historical inhabitance (living on the land for a long time, usually since before colonial settlement).

The majority of court cases granting aboriginal title have been in Australia, Canada, Malaysia, New Zealand and the United States. Aboriginal title is also referred to as indigenous title, native title and customary title. It is related to the subject of indigenous rights.

Christianity in Pakistan

Christianity is the largest minority religion in Pakistan. The total number of Christians in Pakistan was about 2,800,000 in 2008, or 1.6% of the population. Most Christians in Pakistan are descended from recent converts from Hinduism during British Indian rule in the 19th and early 20th century.

Both Roman Catholics and Protestants (mostly belonging to the Church of Pakistan) are found here. There is an interdenominational 'Pakistan Christian Congress', that helps to smooth out relations between various sects and to take up any issues of mutual concern.

Umuwa, South Australia

Umuwa is an Aboriginal community on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is the administrative centre for the local government of the APY. Umuwa is about north-west of Marla and south west of Alice Springs. There are about 80 people living at Umuwa.

Umuwa was established in 1991. Mail arrives in Umuwa once per week by air mail. Supplies arrive by truck every week. Unlike larger settlements on the APY lands, Umuwa does not have a general store. There was a solar power station built near the town in 2003, but it stopped working in 2011 and will be dismantled. As with most APY settlements, Australian Broadcasting Corporation and Special Broadcasting Service television are available. There is also a health clinic and a police station.


Pelecaniformes

The Pelecaniformes is a order of medium-sized and large waterbirds. They are found worldwide. As traditionally—but wrongly—defined, they include all birds that have feet with four toes which are all webbed.
Most have a bare throat patch (gular patch). Their nostrils have evolved into slits which do not work properly. This causes them to breathe through their mouths. They feed on fish, squid or similar marine life. The young are altricial. They hatch from the egg helpless and naked in most cases. They lack a brood patch.

Natina Reed

Natina Reed (October 28, 1980 – October 27, 2012) was an American R&B singer and occasional actress. She was part of R&B girl group Blaque. She was also known for starring in 2000 movie "Bring It On". Reed was killed on October 27, 2012, one day before her 33rd birthday. She was involved in an accident as she was crossing a street in Atlanta, Georgia.


Procellariiformes

Procellariiformes is an order of seabirds that comprises four families: the albatrosses, petrels and shearwaters, storm petrels, and diving petrels. They have a cosmopolitan distribution across the world's oceans, with the highest diversity being around New Zealand. 
Only a single egg is laid per nesting attempt, and usually only a single nesting attempt is made per year, although the larger albatrosses may only nest once every two years. Both parents participate in incubation and chick rearing. Incubation times are long compared to other birds, as are fledgling periods. Once a chick has fledged there is no further parental care.

Amata, South Australia

Amata is an Aboriginal community in the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara (APY) Lands in South Australia. It is in the north of the APY, between Umuwa and Nyapari. It is at the base of the Musgrave Ranges, about west of the Stuart Highway. Amata was established under the name of Musgrave Park in 1961. The community was set up to take the pressure off the growth of nearby Pukatja (then known as Ernabella). The goal was to use it to teach the Aborigines in how to work in the livestock industry. A school was opened 7 years later, in 1968.

About 319 people lived at Amata in the 2006 census. It appears to have a growing population, which is not the usual pattern for Aboriginal communities in Australia. From 180 residents in 1981, it has grown steadily past 350 in the 1990s, to 536 in 1996.

Amata is made up of about 60 houses. There is a school, a general store and a health clinic. Supplies are delivered once per week and mail is delivered twice per week. Water comes from bores and is stored in tanks. The school was renovated by the state government from 2003–2005. A swimming pool was opened in June 2007. Amata also has a community centre, a community church, and an airstrip.

There is a police station at Amata, but they are not always there; state police are based in Marla and run patrols to the area. Some night patrols by residents have been done in the past to help policing of the community. In the absence of police, the community is served by 2 community constables. Tony Abbott suggested in 2007 there should be police at Amata permanently. In response, the state government said it would spend A$7.5 million at Amata and Pukatja for new police stations, court facilities and prison cells. It would also provide housing for police officers.

The sale of local artwork is important to the economy of the Amata community. Tjala Arts, founded in 1999, displayed the works of seven Amata artists in Canberra in 2006. In the 2007 State Budget, the South Australian Government announced $350,000 for a new arts centre in Amata.


Pukatja, South Australia

Pukatja is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. Pukatja is in the eastern Musgrave Ranges, west of the Stuart Highway, about south of the Northern Territory border. The town sits at an elevation of 676 metres above sea level. There were 332 people living at Pukatja in the 2006 census. This was an increase from 226 in the 2001 census, but a decrease from 470 in the 1991 census.

The town was established as a Presbyterian mission in 1938, with the name Ernabella. Families gradually came in from traditional nomadic life in the desert to live at the mission. The church gave control over the Ernabella Mission to a local community council on 1 January 1974.

Mail is delivered twice a week by a small plane from Alice Springs. The community store sells food and clothes. The garage has basic parts and diesel fuel. The local clinic has three registered nurses and the doctor is based here, but often away visiting other communities in the APY. The community church belongs to the Uniting Church. There is a basic police station at Pukatja, and is not permanently manned. In July 2007, the state police described the station as "dirty" and not well equipped. In response, the state government said that it would spend A$7.5 million at Pukatja and nearby Amata for new police stations, court facilities, prisoner cells and housing for police officers.

In the 2001 census, Pukatja was second only to nearby Mimili in having the lowest per-person income in South Australia ($174). Most important to the community's income is the local artists' co-operative, Ernabella Arts Inc. Established in 1948, Ernabella Arts is one of the longest continually running aboriginal arts centres in Australia. During the 1950s and 1960s, art and craft using local wool was the typical artistic form made by the Ernabella artists. Batik was introduced after several Ernabella artists travelled to Indonesia in the 1970s. Ernabella artists are now well known for their batik work and printmaking. A large collection of Ernabella art can be seen at the National Museum of Australia.


Anaerobic respiration

Anaerobic respiration is a form of respiration which does not use oxygen. Elements other than oxygen are used for electron transport. Common replacements for oxygen are nitrates, iron, manganese, sulfates, sulfur, fumaric acid and carbon dioxide. "Escherichia coli" uses nitrates and fumaric acid for respiration.

For the electron transport chain to work, there must be a final electron acceptor at the end of the chain. This allows electrons to pass through the chain. In aerobic organisms, this final electron acceptor is oxygen. Molecular oxygen is a highly oxidizing agent and so it is an excellent acceptor. In anaerobes, other less-oxidizing substances such as sulphate (SO), nitrate (NO), sulphur (S) are used. These terminal electron acceptors have smaller reduction potentials than O, so less energy is released per oxidized molecule. Anaerobic respiration is therefore less efficient than aerobic respiration except, of course, when oxygen is scarce or not apparent.

If there is no oxygen present, glycolysis is still able to happen. Pyruvic acid is still produced, but instead of proceeding to the Krebs cycle, lactic acid is formed making small amounts of ATP. An example of this is when exercising: if the body is not able to get enough oxygen to the muscles, they will make lactic acid. This is what makes the muscles sore. 

If oxygen is not used at all, the process is called fermentation. Examples of organisms using fermentation are lactic acid bacteria, and yeast. Yeast is a fungi, not bacteria.

The equation for anaerobic respiration in yeast and bacteria:


The equation for anaerobic respiration in animals is:
After producing lactic acid more oxygen then in normal respiration is required to break it down (oxygen debt).

Mimili, South Australia

Mimili is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is located in the Everard Ranges, about west of the Stuart Highway. According to the local Aṉangu, the place has always been called Mimili. The current settlement was built around a cattle station called Everard Park, which was built by White farmers in the 1920s. The station's land was given back to the local Aborigines by the South Australian government in 1972.

There were 283 people living at Mimili in the 2006 census. The residents are mainly Aṉangu people who speak either Pitjantjatjara or Yankunytjatjara as their first language. The 2001 census data showed that Mimili had the lowest average weekly income per person (AU$172 compared with the South Australian average of AU$345). However, it also had one of the state's highest proportions of residents under the age of 15 (32.6%); and the state's highest ratio of single-parent families (36.0% compared with a statewide average of 15.6%).

Mimili has an airstrip, and a small health facility. There is also a general store and a craft facility where art is made and displayed. A diesel generator supplies electricity to the community. Water is stored in tanks and comes from two bores. A police station was built in 2011, and state police are stationed there permanently. The local school has about 60 children. Attendance at the school benefited from the construction of a swimming pool, opened in October 2006.


Indulkana

Indulkana (also known as Iwantja) is an Aboriginal community in South Australia. It is on the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. It is about west of the Stuart Highway and south of Alice Springs. The town was established in 1968.

There were 315 people living at Indulkana in the 2006 census. Most of the people belong to the Yankunytjatjara nation. The 2001 census showed that Indulkana had South Australia's highest proportion residents under the age of 15 (35.0%). 

Indulkana has a local community store that also supplies diesel fuel. There is an unsealed airstrip located close to the town. There is also a school, established in 1971. Indulkana does not have a permanent police presence, though it has a police station. State police are based at Marla and run patrols to the area. In the absence of police, the town is served by two constables from the community. The town also has a local artists' co-operative, Iwantja Arts. It has a gallery for sale of art work from across the APY.


Morgan's canon

Morgan's canon is a rule relating to animal behaviour, which states that it should be explained as simply as possible. It is named after British psychologist C. Lloyd Morgan. His idea was that people should only consider behaviour as, for example, rational, purposive or affectionate, if there is no other explanation possible.

Morgan saw that much insight and apparent problem-solving behaviour could be described using trial and error learning. A famous example is the skilful way in which Morgan's terrier Tony opened the garden gate, easily taken by someone seeing the final behaviour as an insightful act. Morgan, however, had watched and recorded the series of approximations by which the dog had gradually learned the response, and could demonstrate that no insight was required to explain it.

Morgan's Canon is a forerunner of behaviourism.


Kaltjiti

Kaltjiti (also previously known as Fregon) is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is located about south of the Musgrave Ranges and is from the Stuart Highway. The town sits on Officer Creek, which flows from Mount Woodroffe. The creek is usually a dry sandy bed and only flows at times of very high rainfall. There are about 350 people living at Kaltjiti.

The first recording by white Australians of a community at Kaltjiti was by explorer Ernest Giles. He wrote that he found 200 male Aborigines there in September 1873, during his second trip into the South Australian desert. The meeting was violent, as Giles and his travellers interrupted a sacred ceremony. The first European settlement near Kaltjiti was set up in 1934. It was established by a dogger (dingo hunter), who was given the rights to the nearby bore (called Shirley Well) by the government as a reward for all the dingos he had killed. By the late 1950s, Aboriginal families were camped at Shirley Well permanently. In 1960, the station at Ernabella was expanded to include Shirley Well.

A outstation, called Fregon, was built with government help by 1961, as a base for Aboriginal stockmen and their families. It was built south of Shirley Well on Officer Creek. The aim of the settlement was to provide training in working with livestock and for the families to have access to traditional country in the sandhills to the west. Fregon was administered through Ernabella and it was not until 1968 that it had its own airstrip. It began with a school, a small health clinic, a workshop, a small store and houses for the staff.

Mail is delivered to Kaltjiti twice a week. Supplies are delivered every two weeks. Water is provided from four bores and placed in storage tanks for pumping to the community. Electricity comes from a diesel generator. Kaltjiti does not have a permanent police presence. State police are based at Marla and run patrols to the area.


Rupert Brooke

Rupert Chawner Brooke (3 August 1887 – 23 April 1915) was an English poet. He is known for his war sonnets written during the First World War. His best known work is "The Soldier". Irish poet W. B. Yeats described him as "the handsomest young man in England".

Watarru

Watarru is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. Watarru is at the base of Mount Lindsay, about south-west of Alice Springs. It is surrounded by the Great Victoria Desert, and is one of the most remote settlements in Australia. It can be accessed by road from the Stuart Highway over roughly dirt road. 

The nearest neighbouring settlement is Pipalyatjara, about to the northeast. There were 56 people living at Watarru in the 2001 census, with 82.1% of those being Indigenous Australians. The village was established as a small family outstation, and began to grow during the 1990s.

The community owns and manages the Watarru Indigenous Protected Area, which surrounds the town for more than . 


Pipalyatjara, South Australia

Pipalyatjara is an Aboriginal community on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is about south-west of Alice Springs and about from the place where the borders of South Australia, Western Australia and the Northern Territory meet (known as the Surveyor-General's Corner). The settlement is surrounded by the Tomkinson Ranges. It was previously known as Mount Davies by most Australians, after the highest local peak. The settlement of Kalka is about away by road.

There were 123 people living at Pipalyatjara in the 2006 census. The residents are mainly indigenous people who speak Pitjantjatjara as their first language.

There is a small airstrip at Pipalyatjara. Mail is delivered once per week by air. There is also a small health facility staffed by nurses; a doctor visits from Kaltjiti. Electricity comes from a diesel generator. Water comes from two bores and placed in storage tanks for pumping to the community. There is a school in Pipalyatjara, which also serves nearby Kalka.


Kalka, South Australia

Kalka is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is by road from Pipalyatjara, at the base of the Tomkinson Ranges. There were 114 people living at Kalka in 2006.

Kalka was originally planned as a service centre for surrounding outstations, but by the early 1990s it had developed into a small permanent community. The town has basic facilities. A truck brings food and supplies to the community every two weeks. There is no school or health clinic at Kalka; both of these services are supplied at nearby Pipalyatjara. There is an unsealed airstrip near to the town.


Yunyarinyi, South Australia

Yunyarinyi is an Aboriginal community on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is about south of the border with the Northern Territory, and south of Alice Springs. It is 40 km from the larger community of Pukatja, where most of the services are located.

Yunyarinyi started as a cattle station called Kenmore Park. It officially became an indigenous community when the land rights were granted in 1981. Today, Yunyarinyi has a school, a community centre with a shared kitchen, a community office and a local garage (repair shop). The number of people living at Yunyarinyi is about 40 to 45; many of them are children.


Roland Guillon

Roland Guillon (born 1942) is a French sociologist, known for his work in the areas of employment and capital. He is also known for his innovative approach to jazz.

He is a research engineer at the centre of economics and ethics of environment and development of the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines. As a specialist in employment and training, he performed several missions in West Africa.

Spanish Benevolent Society

The Spanish Benevolent Society (also known as Centro Español-La Nacional) is a private social club in New York City founded in 1868 to serve the Spanish-American community in Manhattan. It is located at 239 West 14th Street and is in the heart of the now disappeared Little Spain.

Many prominent Spanish artists, expatriates, immigrants, and personalities have lived at the society as resident artists during the more than 150 years of its existence, like Picasso, Dalí, Buñuel, or Federico García Lorca. In 2010 Spanish American filmmaker and writer Artur Balder, who lived in the building as resident artist for more than one year, created the documentary Little Spain, displaying for first time the untold history of this society. The archive contains more than 450 photographs and 150 documents that have never been publicly displayed. They present the history of the streets of Little Spain in New York City throughout the 20th Century.


Little Spain

Little Spain was a Spanish American neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan during 20th century.

"Little Spain" was 14th Street, between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. A very different slice of Chelsea existed on a stretch of 14th Street often referred to by residents as "Calle Catorce," or "Little Spain". The Church of Our Lady of Guadelupe (No. 299) was founded in 1902, when Spaniards started to settle in the area. Although the Spanish business have given way to such nightclubs as Nell's and Oh Johnny on the block between Seventh and Eighth Avenues, the Spanish food and gift emporium known as Casa Moneo has been at 210 West 14th since 1929. In 2010 the documentary Little Spain, directed and written by , was filmed in New York City. The documentary pulled together for first time an archive that reveals the untold history of the Spanish-American presence in Manhattan. The archive contains more than 450 photographs and 150 documents that have never been publicly displayed. They present the history of the streets of Little Spain in New York City throughout the 20th Century. The archive contains more than 450 photographs and 150 documents that have never been publicly displayed. They present the history of the streets of Little Spain in New York City throughout the 20th Century.

Other important commerces and Spanish business of Little Spain were restaurants like La Bilbaína, Trocadero Valencia, Bar Coruña, Little Spain Bar, Café Madrid, Mesón Flamenco, or , established 1927, and still today open at 823 Greenwich St. The Iberia was a famous Spanish dress shop. 

The heart of the Spanish American community in that area were the two landmarks the Spanish Benevolent Society and the Roman Catholic Church of Our Lady of Guadalupe, founded at the turn of the 19th century, being the first parish in Manhattan with mass in Latin and Spanish.


Usa Jingū

, also known as , is a Japanese Shinto shrine in the city of Usa in Ōita Prefecture on the island of Kyushu. 

The shrine was founded in the Wadō era (708-714). 

A Buddhist temple called "Miroku-ji" was built next to it in 779, making it what is believed to be the first shrine-temple ("jingū-ji") ever. The shrine-temple complex, called , lasted until 1868.

"Usa" first appears in the chronicles of Imperial history during the reign of Empress Shōtoku.

"Usa jingū" was designated as the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") for the old Buzen Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Oita and Fukuoka Prefectures.
From 1871 through 1946, Usa was officially listed among the first rank of government supported shrines.

"Usa" is today the center of over 40,000 branch Hachiman shrines. In Shinto belief, the many Hachiman shrines have extended the reach of the "kami" at Usa.


Apodiformes

Apodiformes is an order of birds with long narrow wings and weak feet. It is made up of the swifts and the hummingbirds. With nearly 450 species identified to date, they are the most diverse order of birds after the passerines. 

C. Lloyd Morgan

Conwy Lloyd Morgan, FRS, usually known as Lloyd Morgan, (6 February 1852 – 6 March 1936) was a British ethologist and psychologist. He is best remembered for the experimental approach to animal psychology now known as 'Morgan's canon', which is a specialised form of Occam's razor. His idea played a role in the later growth of behaviourism in psychology.

Lloyd Morgan was born in London and studied at the Royal School of Mines and under T.H. Huxley. He taught in Cape Town, but in 1884 joined the staff of University College, Bristol as Professor of Geology and Zoology. He quickly became interested in the field he called 'mental evolution', the borderland between intelligence and instinct. In 1901 he became the college's first Professor of Psychology and Education.

In 1909 Lloyd Morgan became the first Vice-Chancellor of Bristol University. He held the office for a year, then was Professor of Psychology and Ethics until his retirement in 1919.

Under Lloyd's canon, animal behaviour should be explained in the simplest possible way. For example, an animal should be considered conscious only if there is no other explanation for its behaviour. Where behaviour seems to imply higher mental processes, it might be explained by trial and error learning. An example is the skilful way in which his terrier Tony opened the garden gate, easily misunderstood as an insightful act by someone seeing the final behaviour. Lloyd Morgan, however, had watched and recorded the series of approximations by which the dog had gradually learned the response, and could demonstrate that no insight was required to explain it.

W.H. Thorpe commented as follows:

This kind of study throws light not only on inherited behaviour but on the maturation of sense organs and the central nervous system. Behaviour changes in most animals during the first hours and days of life. The causes of those changes in behaviour may be developmental maturation, or learning, or some combination of the two. This is a primary area of research in ethology.


Richard Crenna

Richard Donald Crenna (November 30, 1926 – January 17, 2003) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor, movie director and producer who is known for his roles in "The Sand Pebbles", "Wait Until Dark", "Body Heat", the first three "Rambo" movies, "Hot Shots! Part Deux", and "The Flamingo Kid". He is also known for his television role as Luke McCoy in "The Real McCoys". He had won an Emmy Award in 1985.

Crenna was born on November 30, 1926 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at Virgil Junior High School, then at Belmont High School, and then at the University of Southern California. He was married to Penni Sweeney from 1959 until his death. Crenna died on January 17, 2003 in Los Angeles, California from pancreatic cancer and heart failure, aged 76.


Les Stroud

Les Stroud (born October 20, 1961) is a Canadian filmmaker, musician, writer, television actor, host, television director and producer, and survival expert who is known for his survival show "Survivorman". He was raised in Toronto, Ontario. He studied at Mimico High School and at Fanshawe College. Stroud was married to Susan Jamison from 1994 until they divorced in 2008. They had two children.


Ben Gluck

Benjamin Gluck (also known as Ben Gluck) is an American director, screenwriter, and storyboard artist. He was a director at Disney Animation.

Benjamin was born in St. Louis, Missouri He received his Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree in Film and Animation from California Institute of the Arts. 

Gluck's student short film name "Man's Best Friend was awarded the esteemed Walter Lantz Award." The film premiered worldwide in heavy rotation on MTV's network, and received many top awards in the US and International film circuits and toured worldwide in Spike and Mike's Sick and Twisted Animation Festival.

Gluck began his career at DreamWorks Feature Animation where he was recruited by Oscar-winning director Brenda Chapman, as the studios very first story trainee on "The Prince of Egypt". Shortly after, Gluck was recruited by Walt Disney Feature Animation, where he was mentored by Tony Award winner Roger Allers, and he worked for over a decade as a key member of the feature animation story team. Gluck served as the first Story Head at Disney-Toon Studios, tasked with elevating sequels to feature film quality, and he directed the Annie Award winning film "Brother Bear 2", this film is Disney's second sequel to have a higher rating on Rotten Tomatoes than its predecessor. Gluck was Head of Story on the Tim Burton animated feature film, "9." Additionally, Gluck has developed feature animation projects for George Lucas, and for Charles Roven. Currently, Ben is Head of Story, working with the Schultz family, on the brand new Peanuts holiday specials for Apple TV +.

Ryan Reynolds

Ryan Rodney Reynolds (born October 23, 1976) is a Canadian-American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles as Wade Wilson/Deadpool in "Deadpool" and "Deadpool 2" and as Michael Bryce in "The Hitman's Bodyguard". He is also known for his roles in "National Lampoon's Van Wilder," "Just Friends", "Definitely, Maybe", "The Proposal", "The Change-Up", "Safe House", and "Free Guy".

Reynolds starred as Detective Pikachu in the 2019 movie "".
Reynolds also played Deadpool in Screen Junkies’s Honest Trailers series. 

Reynolds was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. He studied at Kitsilano Secondary School and at Kwantlen Polytechnic University. Reynolds was married to Scarlett Johansson from 2008 to 2011. He married Blake Lively in 2012 and shares three daughters with her. In September 2022, it was announced that the couple are expecting their fourth child.

Reynolds received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2016.

James Franco

James Edward Franco (born April 19, 1978) is an American actor, producer, screenwriter and director. His movie roles included "127 Hours", "Rise of the Planet of the Apes", "Your Highness", "Spider-Man", "Spider-Man 2", "Spider-Man 3" (alongside Tobey Maguire), "Oz the Great and Powerful", "This Is the End", "The Interview", "The Little Prince", "Sausage Party", "Why Him?" and "The Disaster Artist". He won a Golden Globe Award in 2001.

Franco was born in Palo Alto, California. He studied at the Palo Alto High School and at University of California, Los Angeles.


Cheshire, Connecticut

Chesire is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut. The population was 28,733 in 2020. It is the center of population for the state of Connecticut. In 2009, Chesire was ranked #72 in "Money" magazine's "100 Best Places to Live". In 2011, Chesire was ranked #73 in "Money"s "100 Best Places to Live".

Great hornbill

The great hornbill ("Buceros bicornis") also known as great Indian hornbill or great pied hornbill, is one of the larger members of the hornbill family. 

Great hornbills are found in the forests of Nepal, India, the Malay Peninsula and Sumatra, Indonesia. Their impressive size and colour have made them important in many tribal cultures and rituals. The great hornbill is long-lived, living for nearly 50 years in captivity. They are predominantly frugivorous although they are opportunists and will prey on small mammals, reptiles and birds.

New Haven County, Connecticut

New Haven County is a county in the US state of Connecticut. It is in the south central part of the state. The population was 864,835 in 2020. This made New Haven County the third most populated county in Connecticut. There are 1,340 people per square mile. Two of the state's largest cities, New Haven and Waterbury, are part of New Haven County.

Starting in 1960, county governments were no longer active. Until 1960, the city of New Haven was the county seat. In Connecticut, towns are responsible for all local government activities. This includes, fire and rescue, snow removal and schools. The county Sheriff plan was removed by voters. This was replaced by State Judicial Marshals in 2000. Because of this, the state judicial plan in New Haven County is divided into three districts: New Haven, Ansonia-Milford and Waterbury.






Dutch Empire

The Dutch Empire owned several territories that were in control by the Dutch Republic (also known as the United Provinces). The Dutch had created colonial empires. These were similar to Portugal and Spain. The Dutch Empire used their skills in shipping and trade with other empires. However, they were trying to be independent from Spain. With the British, the Dutch first built up colonies. The colonies were based on state capitalist corporate colonialism. This was done by the Dutch East and West India companies. The Dutch explored and went on voyages. Some of these were led by Willem Barents, Henry Hudson and Abel Tasman. These men found new places for Europeans.

The Dutch naval power were getting bigger. The Netherlands became the dominated global commerce during the second half of the 17th century. This was called the Dutch Golden Age. The Netherlands lost many colonials and its global power to the British. This happened when the metropole fell to French armies during the Revolutionary Wars. The rest of the Dutch Empire (such as the Dutch East Indies) were in control of the Dutch until the decline of European imperialism following World War II.

Today, the Netherlands are part of a federacy called the Kingdom of the Netherlands. These countries, the Netherlands, Aruba, Curaçao, and Sint Maarten are part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.


South Windham, Connecticut

South Windham is a census-designated place in Connecticut. It is part of Windham County. There were 1,383 people living in South Windham in 2020.

Eastford, Connecticut

Eastford is a town in Connecticut. It is part of Windham County. There were 1,649 people living in Eastford in 2020.


Hampton, Connecticut

Hampton is a town in Connecticut. It is part of Windham County. There were 1,728 people living in Hampton in 2020.


Killingly, Connecticut

Killingly is a town in Connecticut. It is part of Windham County. There were 17,752 people living in Killingly in 2020.


Danielson, Connecticut

Danielson is a borough in the town of Killingly. It is part of Windham County, Connecticut. There were 4,155 people living in Danielson in 2020.

Plainfield, Connecticut

Plainfield is a town in Connecticut. It is part of Windham County. There were 14,973 people living in Plainfield in 2020.


Central Village, Connecticut

Central Village is a historic district in the Central Village area of Plainfield, Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1991.

David Bailie

David Bailie (4 December 1937 – 5 March 2021) was a South African-born British movie, television, stage, voice actor, and photographer who was known for his role as Cotton in "", "", and in "".

Bailie was born in 1937 in Springs, Gauteng, South Africa. He married Egidija Bailie in 2002. Bailie died on 5 March 2021, aged 83.


Claudio Castagnoli

Claudio Castagnoli (born December 27, 1980), is a Swiss professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He is also known for his time working for the WWE. He wrestled there using the ring name Antonio Cesaro and Cesaro. He previously wrestled for many different independent promotions. These include Chikara, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla, Ring of Honor and Pro Wrestling Noah.

While in Ring of Honor, he was a two-time ROH World Champion and a two-time ROH World Tag Team Champion with tag team partner Chris Hero. Their tag team name was the Kings of Wrestling. They were champions for 364 days. That is the longest time anyone has been tag champions in the company's history. He was also a member of the team Swiss Money Holding, with Ares. In tag team competition, he won the Chikara Campeonatos de Parejas twice, the JCW Tag Team Championship once, and the CZW World Tag Team Championship twice.

In the WWE, he was a one-time WWE United States Champion, five-time WWE Raw Tag Team Champion, two-time WWE SmackDown Tag Team Champion and was the winner of the André the Giant Memorial Trophy battle royal at WrestleMania XXX.















Sumiyoshi Shrine (Fukuoka)

"Sumiyoshi" was one of the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of the old Chikuzen Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Fukuoka Prefecture. The enshrined "kami" are:

Coraciiformes

The Coraciiformes are a group of usually colorful "near passerine" birds. They include the kingfishers, the Hoopoe, the bee-eaters, the rollers, and the hornbills. 

They generally have syndactyly, with three forward-pointing toes (and toes 3 & 4 fused at their base), though in many kingfishers one of these is missing.

This is largely an Old World order, with the representation in the New World limited to the dozen or so species of todies and motmots, and a few of the more than 90 species of kingfishers. 

Kanpi

Kaṉpi (sometimes spelled Kanypi) is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is located about south of the Northern Territory border at the base of the Mann Ranges. The nearby town of Nyapaṟi is to the east.

Kaṉpi is part of the Murputja Homelands, which also includes the family outstations Angatja and Umpukulu. The residents are mostly Pitjantjatjara people with their traditional country nearby. The settlement started as an outstation for the Baker family, who moved here from other parts on the APY lands to be closer to the country of their ancestors.

Because both Kaṉpi and nearby Nyapaṟi are small communities, there are only basic services and most of them are shared between the two towns. In Kaṉpi there is a work shop, a garage, a day care centre and an art centre. It also has a community store, built in 1996, which has a pump for petrol. Food and supplies are delivered once every two weeks. The store services both Kaṉpi and Nyapaṟi, as well as nearby outstations. Local health services are based at the clinic in Nyapaṟi. Both Kaṉpi and Nyapaṟi had their own schools from 1987, but these joined together in 1993. The new school, Murputja Education Centre, was built between the two communities, east of Kaṉpi and 6 km west of Nyapaṟi.


James Daly

James Firman Daly (October 23, 1918 - July 3, 1978) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor who is known for his role as Paul Lochner in "Medical Center". He won an Emmy Award in 1966.

Daly was born on October 23, 1918 in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin. He studied at Cornell College. He was married to Hope Newall from 1942 until they divorced in 1965. They had 4 children, including Tim Daly and Tyne Daly. Daly died on July 3, 1978 in Nyack, New York from heart failure, aged 59.

Tim Daly

James Timothy "Tim" Daly (born March 1, 1956) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor, television and movie director and producer who is known for his roles in "Wings" and in "".

Daly was born in New York City, New York to James Daly and to Hope Newell. He studied at The Putney School, at Waldorf School, and at Bennington College. Daly was married to Amy Van Nostrand from 1982 until they divorced in 2010. They had two children. He has been dating actress Téa Leoni since December 2014.

His sister is actress Tyne Daly.


Nyapari

Nyapaṟi is an Aboriginal community in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia. It is about south of the Northern Territory border at the base of the Mann Ranges. The nearby community of Kaṉpi is to the west.

There are about 85 people living there. The residents are mostly Pitjantjatjara people. Nyapaṟi began as a family outstation by the Stevens family, who moved here to look after the country of their ancestors. Today it is a fully-established community of extended families. It serves as an administration centre for nearby outstations Ulkiya and Tankannu.

Because both Nyapaṟi and nearby Kaṉpi are small communities, there are only basic services and most of them are shared between the two towns. In Nyapaṟi, there is an art centre and a health clinic. Supplies are delivered once every two weeks, and mail is delivered once per week. The community store is in Kaṉpi. Both Kaṉpi and Nyapaṟi had their own schools from 1987, but these joined together in 1993. The new school, Murputja Education Centre, was built between the two communities, east of Nyapaṟi and 9 km west of Kaṉpi.

House Husbands

House Husbands is an Australian television show that began in 2012 on Channel 9. It starts Gary Sweet, Rhys Muldoon, Gyton Grantley and Firass Dirani as fathers who stay at home to look after their children, while their wives go to work. The wives are played by Julia Morris, Anna McGahan and Natalie Saleeba.

The series was created by Ellie Beaumont and Drew Proffitt, produced by Sue Seeary and Drew Proffitt and directed by Geoff Bennett and Shirley Barrett. Channel 9's Jo Rooney and Andy Ryan plus Playmaker's David Maher and David Taylor are executive producers.

It has been announced that the show would be back for a second season, due to high ratings.

Orlando Jordan

Orlando Jordan (born April 21, 1974) is an American professional wrestler who is currently working in the independent circuit.

Jordan has worked for WWE from 2003 to 2006. During his time in WWE, he won the WWE United States Championship one time when he defeated John Cena on the March 3, 2005 edition of SmackDown! with help from John "Bradshaw" Layfield. He was fired from the WWE on May 26, 2006 because he was travelling with someone that was not authorized by WWE to travel with him.

He worked in the independent circuit from 2006 to 2010 before debuting for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling on January 4, 2010. During his time in TNA, he formed a tag team with Eric Young. Jordan was released from his TNA contract on July 11, 2011.

Jordan is openly bisexual.


Bina Shah

Bina Shah is a Pakistani journalist and writer in English, from Karachi, Pakistan.

She obtained a B.A. in Psychology from Wellesley College, USA and a M.Ed in Educational Technology from the Harvard Graduate School of Education, USA.

Shah is an op-ed columnist for the "Dawn" and "Express Tribune" newspapers in Pakistan. She has contributed features and book reviews for foreign papers like "The Guardian", "The Independent", and the "International Herald Tribune".

She is the author of six books, mostly of fiction.

Nadeem Aslam

Nadeem Aslam born 1966, Gujranwala, Pakistan, is a prize-winning British-Pakistani novelist.

Aslam was born in Gujranwala, Pakistan. He moved to the United Kingdom with his family when he was 14.

His debut novel, "Season of the Rainbirds" (1993), about the culture of rural Pakistan, won the Betty Trask and the Author's Club First Novel Award.

Atlantis: The Lost Empire

Atlantis: The Lost Empire is a 2001 American animated movie made by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 40th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series and the first science fiction movie for Disney. It follows a group of mercenaries on a quest to find the lost city of Atlantis. Released on June 15, 2001, it did not make much money as the company wanted. Disney stopped making both a spin-off television series and an underwater attraction at its Disneyland theme park.

This movie has a sequel called "".

Home on the Range (2004 movie)

Home on the Range is a 2004 American animated western musical comedy movie. It was released by Walt Disney Pictures on April 2, 2004. It is the 44th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series named after the popular country song of the same name. The movie follows a trio of dairy cows attempting to save the farm from an infamous bounty hunter.


Additional voices were provided by Charlie Adler, Tawatha Agee, Carlos Alazraqui, Mike Bell, Bob Bergen, Timothy Robert Blevins, Bob Bouchard, Nancy Cartwright, Cathy Cavadini, Cam Clarke, Jim Cummings, Tami Tappan Damiano, J.D. Daniels, Jennifer Darling, Baron Davis, Grey DeLisle, Debi Derryberry, Randy Erwin, Troy Evans, Bill Farmer, Linda Griffin, Bill Hader, Jennifer Hale, Pam Hamill, Jess Harnell, Dana Hill, Roger Jackson, Leslie Jordan, Linda Kerns, Maurice LaMarche, Kevin Ligon, Sherry Lynn, Danny Mann, Mona Marshall, Anndi McAfee, Edie McClurg, Mickie McGowan, Laraine Newman, Ryan O'Donohue, Jordan Orr, Wilbur Pauley, Rob Paulsen, Malachi Pearson, Bradley Pierce, Patrick Pinney, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Evan Sabara, Garnett Sailor, Peter Samuel, John Sanford, Zack Shada, Peter Siragusa, Tara Strong, Steve Susskind, Alan Tudyk, Jim Ward, Joe Whyte, James Woods, Alan Young, Bruce A. Young, John Goodman and Roger Yuan.

Chicken Little (2005 movie)

Chicken Little is a 2005 American animated science fiction comedy movie based on the fable "Henny Penny". The movie was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 45th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It is the second time Disney made a movie about Chicken Little. The first was a 1943 cartoon made for propaganda in World War II.


Additional voices were provided by Brad Abrell, Tom Amundsen, Diedrich Bader, Charles Bartlett, Steve Bencich, Greg Berg, Julianne Buescher, Cathy Cavadini, David Cowgill, Terri Douglas, Chris Edgerly, Amanda Fein, Caitlin Fein, Pat Fraley, Eddie Frierson, Brad Garrett, Jackie Gonneau, Archie Hahn, Jess Harnell, Barbara Harris, Jason Harris, Brittney Lee Harvey, Brian Herskowitz, Mandy Kaplan, Marsha Kramer, Nathan Kress, Maurice LaMarche, Lex Lang, Anne Lockhart, Sherry Lynn, Danny Mann, Mona Marshall, Connor Matheus, Mickie McGowan, Scott Menville, Rene Mujica, Jonathan Nichols-Navarro, Paul Pape, Patrick Pinney, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Aaron Spann, Steve Susskind, Pepper Sweeney and Clive Swift.

Bolt (2008 movie)

Bolt is a 2009 American computer-animated action-adventure comedy-drama movie, produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 48th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The movie is about a small white pet dog who lives on the set of a television series and thinks that he has super powers. When he believes that his human owner, Penny has been kidnapped, he goes on a cross-country journey to "rescue" her. Bolt is aided by a cynical cat named "Mittens" (who was abandoned by her human owner) and "Rhino" a hampster. Bolt finds Penny and actually rescues her from a accidental TV Studio fire; Penny; Bolt {who have quit show business] , Mittens and Rhino live with Penny's Mother in the country. As for the TV show it continues with a different "Penny" {explained as Plastic Surgery following a life threatening accident) being rescuded by a new "Bolt" from the Evil Dr Calico; as Penny and Bolt escape outside a hospital window they are both abducted by flying saucers Aliens! This cliffhanger ending is so ridiculious that even Bolt fanatic "Rhino" refuses to beleive it!


"Bolt" was nominated for the following awards:

Dokkyo Saitama High School

Dokkyo Saitama Junior & Senior High School is a private co-ed school. It consists of junior and senior high school students. The high school is in Koshigaya City, Saitama, Japan. Dokkyo Saitama High School was founded in 1982. About half of the students enter at the beginning of junior high school and the other half enter at the beginning of senior high school. Their classes are separate at the freshmen and junior grades. Then, students study in the same class during their senior year. About 15% of students that graduate from Dokkyo Saitama High School enter Dokkyo University to complete their education. Dokkyo has been a popular top private school in Saitama due to their small class sizes, more individual teaching and their international exchange program with other schools around the world.

In 1881, the Doitsu Gaku Kyokai (German Education Association) was established for people to study German culture and sciences to help with Japan's modernization into a developed country. In association, the Doitsu Gaku Kyokai Gakko (German Education Association School) was founded in 1883. It was the first junior high school in Japan to teach German.

In 1947, after World War II, the Doitsu Gaku Kyokai was renamed Dokkyo Gakuen(Dokkyo Educational Institution) and both Dokkyo junior and senior high schools were established in Mejiro in Tokyo.

In 1980, Dokkyo Saitama High School was established in Koshigaya City inSaitama, and in 2000 Dokkyo Saitama Junior High School was also established at the same campus. At that time, more than 4,200 students took the entrance exam.

In 2005, Dokkyo Saitama High School celebrated their 25th anniversary.

Dokkyo Saitama High School mission statement is Reclamation, Creation, Love and Faith.

Dokkyo Saitama Junior & Senior High School has a long tradition of providing educating to students that helps develop character using physical, moral and intellectual training. The school’s curriculum is made up of three basic goals to teach and encourage students to:




Because of the popular curriculum, high expectations and teaching styles of Dokkyo Saitama Junior & High School, getting into the High School can be difficult for the average student. The negative side to this is that after graduating from Dokkyo Saitama Junior & Senior High School it is difficult to get accepted into the top Japan colleges. 

The traditional event that takes place every year is the Ameisai (school festival), the athletic meet, where the student of the executive committee plays a key role and administration is accomplished. In Ameisai, a bell is rung in the early morning festival to be carried out after opening it to the public of the second day (general secrecy) and is carried out grandly. The athletic meet is the large part of the event where each student’s creativity and student participation come into play. These events consist of band and team dance, relay races, group competition (such as making unique headgear to use while competing in these relay races and dances). While the club activities opposition game is carried out, there is a tradition such as wearing a class T-shirt on the occasion of a competition.
In addition, Dokkyo Saitama Junior & Senior High School, Dokkyo Junior High School of Tokyo, and Dokkyo University all share a tradition in their historic background and founders, but have completely different traditions of their own.

Dokkyo Saitama High School is on a lot approximately . The grounds consists of a gym, baseball field, combined use, soccer and rugby field, track-and-field, 7 tennis courts, outdoor Olympic size swimming pool (25-metre, 9 course). In 2005 (the 25th anniversary commemorative project), the school added a second gym that is indoor and included two basketball courts two in conjunction with the first gym. There are fully equipped locker rooms in the classroom for the senior high school students, but the junior high school tower does not have locker rooms. There are 15 sport clubs and 8 artistic clubs.

Dokkyo Saitama High School mission statement is "Reclamation, Creation, Love and Faith".

School has 4 active international exchange programs.

Dokkyo Saitama High School is 20 minutes away from Sengendai Train Station (Tobu Isesaki Line) by walking. There is a school bus from the station to the school that takes only 5 minutes.

Imanpa, Northern Territory

Imaṉpa is a town in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is north of the Lasseter Highway, the main road between the Stuart Highway and Uluṟu. Imanpa lies 160 km east of Uluru and 200 km south west of Alice Springs. There were 149 people living at Imaṉpa in the 2006 census. The town was first set up in 1978. The land was cut out from the property of the Mount Ebenezer cattle station, and served as a home for the station's stockmen and their families.

The community is on the traditional country of southern Luritja and northern Yankunytjatjara people. These people are together called Matutjara (or Matuntara). Most of the people in the community are descended from this group. They speak a dialect that is a mix of the Yankunytjatjara and Luritja languages. Also living there are families belonging to the Pitjantjatjara, Warlpiri and Arrernte nations, and a group of non-indigenous residents who work in the community.

The area has two schools. The secondary school is part of Nyangatjatjara College based in Yulara.

Ashfaq Ahmad

Ashfaq Ahmed (1925 –2004) was a famous Pakistani writer, playwright and intellectual. He was regarded by many as among the finest Urdu "Afsana" (short-story) writers.

Gujranwala

Gujranwala is a city in Pakistan. It is the capital of the Gujranwala District in Punjab.

Alain Chevrier

Alain Guy Chevrier (born April 23, 1961 in Cornwall, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender.

Chevrier played a total of 8 seasons in the NHL. He played for the New Jersey Devils for 3 seasons, Winnipeg Jets for 1 season, Chicago Blackhawks for 2 seasons, Pittsburgh Penguins for 1 season and the Detroit Red Wings for 1 season.

Chevrier also play college hockey with the Miami University RedHawks and was the first RedHawk to play in the NHL.

Lion's mane jellyfish

Lion's mane jellyfish ("Cyanea capillata"), also known as "Hair Jelly" and "Sea Blubber", are a type of jellyfish which are mostly found in north Atlantic and north Pacific waters. The stings of these jellyfish are painful but not fatal. The species is found near the coast of the U.S. shore line.

The lion's mane jellyfish can grow up to 2 m width by its pileus ("bell") and its tentacles up to 30 m long. The largest Lions Mane Jelly recorded was 120 FT, but most jellyfish are far smaller, usually some 30 cm by pileus width and up to 50 cm by tentacle length. It eats mainly plankton and is itself eaten by sunfish, sea turtles and some seabirds. Like all jellyfish, it lives only for one year.

A group of jellyfish is called a "smack". 

Madamanuru

Madamanuru is a small village in Andhra Pradesh, India. It is in Nellore District. It is famous for rice paddy fields and other farming.

Raëlism

Raëlism is a new religion that says that life on Earth was created by aliens. It was started in 1974 by . It is the world's biggest UFO religion.


Unitarian Universalism

Unitarian Universalism is a religion which encourages liberalism and an individual search for truth. It includes many spiritual paths. Its adherents have a pluralistic approach to faith hence may be atheists, agnostics, ignostics, deists, pagans, humanists, polytheists, or monotheists. A common tenet or doctrine within this religion is bodily integrity, self-ownership and individual autonomy. Unitarian Universalist places of worship are called "congregations". The religion accepts differences and there is no holy book, dogma, or doctrine. Instead, the adherents are guided by seven principles:
The seat of Unitarian Universalism in the United States is in Boston, MA.

Official website

Eckankar

Eckankar is a new religious movement started in the United States in 1965 by Paul Twitchell (1908-71). Twitchell taught that each individual is a soul and that soul exists because of God's love for it. Adherents of this religion are called Eckists.


Anthony Bell (director)

Anthony Bell (born 1970), sometimes known as Tony Bell is an American animator, movie director, screenwriter and story artist. He started his career as a character layout artist in "The Simpsons" in the early nineties and he also directed a few episodes in "Rugrats". Bell also directed some episode for the Adult Swim animated TV show, "The Boondocks". His most recent and famous work is for being the co-director of the 2010 computer-animated comedy-drama movie, "Alpha and Omega" (along with Ben Gluck), where he also served as story artist. Anthony is now working as the director on a new animated comedy-drama movie, called "Norm of the North". He also wrote the story for the movie.

Aso Shrine

"Aso" was the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") of the old Higo Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Kumamoto Prefecture. The enshrined "kami" are and others.

From 1871 through 1946, the Aso Shrine was officially listed as one of the first rank of government supported shrines.

Mandarin duck

The mandarin duck ("Aix galericulata") is a duck that breeds in eastern Siberia, China and Japan and winters in southern China and Japan. There is a small free-flying population in Britain which grew from the release of captive bred ducks.

In full plumage, the male mandarin duck has a pair of "sail" feathers that are raised vertically above the back, a crest of orange and cream feathers, and a broad white eye-stripe that is bounded above and below by darker feathers. The female mandarin duck is duller in colour and has an overall grey appearance that is marked by a curving white stripe behind the eye and a series of white blotches on the underparts. In flight, both sexes display a bluish-green iridescent speculum.

The mandarin duck lives in the forests of China and Japan. They prefer to live around wooded ponds and fast flowing rocky streams to swim, wade, and feed in.

Urial

The urial ("Ovis orientalis vignei"), also known as the arkars or shapo, is a subspecies of wild sheep ("Ovis orientalis"). It has reddish-brown long fur that fades during winter. Males have a black ruff stretching from the neck to the chest and large horns. It is found in western central Asia. The other subspecies group of "O. orientalis" is the Mouflon ("Ovis orientalis orientalis" group). The two groups have often been considered separate species. Urial is endangered specie.

Robert FitzRoy

Robert Fitzroy (5 July 1805 – 30 April 1865) was a British seaman, admiral, meteorologist and hydrographer. He was the captain of HMS Beagle in the voyage of the English naturalist Charles Darwin.

He was Governor of New Zealand from 1843 to 1845.

In 1851, FitzRoy was elected to the Royal Society.

In 1854, on the recommendation of Vice Admiral Francis Beaufort and the President of the Royal Society, FitzRoy was appointed as chief of a new department to deal with the collection of weather data at sea, with the title of "Meteorological Statist to the Board of Trade" and a staff of three. This was the forerunner of the modern Meteorological Office.

Willem Barents

Willem Barents (or Barentsz, probably from Barentzoon, son of Barent) was a Dutch explorer. He was born on Terschelling around 1550, and died on the 20th June 1597 near Novaya Zemlya. 

The Barents Sea, Barentsburg and Barents Region were all named after him.

Lady Louise Windsor

Lady Louise Alice Elizabeth Mary Mountbatten-Windsor (born 8 November 2003) is the elder of the two children of Prince Edward, Duke of Edinburgh, and Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh. Lady Louise is the youngest granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. She is thirteenth in line to the British throne, although she was eighth in line when she was born. When her younger brother, James, was born in 2007, he moved ahead of her in the line of succession.

Lady Louise was born prematurely on 8 November 2003 at 23:32 GMT at Frimley Park Hospital in Frimley, Surrey. She was baptised in the Private Chapel of Windsor Castle on 24 April 2004 by David Conner, the Dean of Windsor. Her godparents were Lady Sarah Chatto, Lord Ivar Mountbatten, Lady Alexandra Etherington, Francesca Schwarzenbach and Rupert Elliott. Louise was the last child to wear the original royal christening gown.

Lady Louise attends events such as Trooping the Colour, Christmas and family services, like the Diamond Jubilee service at Saint Paul's Cathedral. Louise was one of the bridesmaids at the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton on 29 April 2011. 

Lady Louise is technically entitled to be styled as Her Royal Highness Princess Louise of Edinburgh. But as per her parent's wishes, she uses an aristocratic title rather than a royal one.

Title 

8 November 2003 Lady Louise Windsor 

Religion: Church of England 

Honors 

-6 February 2012 Recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal 

-6 February 2022 Recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II Platinum Jubilee Medal 

-6 May 2023: Recipient of the King Charles III Coronation Medal 

Byte order mark

A "byte order mark" (BOM) is a sequence of bytes used to indicate the Unicode encoding style of a text file. The encoding dictates how text is serialized into a sequence of bytes. If the least significant byte is placed in the initial position, this is referred to as "little-endian," whereas if the most significant byte is placed in the initial position, the method is known as "big-endian."

In addition to indicating the byte order, a BOM can also be used as a file signature to identify the encoding of a text file. The UTF-8 file signature (commonly also referred to as a "BOM") identifies the encoding format rather than the byte order of the document. UTF-8 is a linear sequence of bytes (not a sequence of 2-byte or 4-byte units where the byte order is important as in UTF-16 and UTF-32). The following table shows the byte-order marks for various encodings.
BOM use is optional. If used, it must be at the very beginning of the text. The BOM gives the producer of the text a way to describe the encoding such as UTF-8 or UTF-16, and in the case of UTF-16 and UTF-32, its endianness. The BOM is important for text interchange, when files move between systems that use different byte orders or different encodings, rather than in normal text handling in a closed environment.

As UTF-8 has become the most common text encoding, codice_1 (shown here as three hexadecimal values) is the most commonly occurring BOM form, also known as the "UTF-8 signature". HTML5 browsers are required to recognize the UTF-8 BOM and use it to detect the encoding of the page. Software may alternatively recognize UTF-8 encoding by looking for bytes with the high order bit set (values codice_2 through codice_3) followed by bytes that define valid UTF-8 sequences.

The Unicode Standard neither requires nor recommends the use of the BOM for UTF-8, but warns that it may be encountered at the start of a file.

Most modern software applications recognize a BOM and may insert it when saving a text file with UTF encoding. The presence of the UTF-8 BOM may cause problems with some software, especially legacy software not designed to handle UTF-8, in which case it may appear as the characters "".

Ahmad Faraz

Ahmad Faraz (real name Syed Ahmad Shah, January 1931-25 August 2008) was a Pakistani Urdu poet. 'Faraz' was his pen name (). He is considered one of the best Urdu poets of recent times.

Thomas Hooker

Thomas Hooker (July 5, 1586 - July 7, 1647) was a Puritan colonial leader. Hooker founded the Colony of Connecticut after he spoke to leaders in Massachusetts. They allowed him to have a colony there. Hooker was known as an outstanding speaker. He was also a leader of the Christian suffrage.

Hooker was given the nickname of "The Father of Connecticut". Hooker was an important person in the early development of colonial New England. He was one of the greatest preachers during his lifetime. Hooker often wrote on Christian subjects. He became the first minister in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He was one the first people to settle in Hartford and the state of Connecticut. Many people believe Hooker was the inspiration for the "Fundamental Orders of Connecticut".


Kim Peek

Laurence Kim Peek (November 11, 1951 – December 19, 2009) was an American savant. Peek had brain damage since before birth, but was not autistic.

Peek was considered a "mega-savant" because he was a genius on at least 15 different subjects, from history to sport. He was the inspiration for the character played by Dustin Hoffman in the movie "Rain Man". Peek was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon).

On December 19, 2009 at age 58, Peek died of a heart attack in Murray, Utah.


Adam Carolla

Adam Carolla (born May 27, 1964) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian. He is the voice of Birchum in "Crank Yankers". He played Commander Nebula in Buzz Lightyear. He is now in the movie "No Safe Spaces."

Crank Yankers

Crank Yankers is an American television show produced by Adam Carolla, Jimmy Kimmel, and Daniel Kellison that features actual crank calls made by show regulars and celebrity guests and re-enacted onscreen by puppets for a visual aid to show the viewer what is happening in the call. The show started in 2002 on Comedy Central and returned to MTV2 on February 9, 2007, running again until March 30, 2007. The show screened in Australia on SBS Television and The Comedy Channel between 2003 and 2008.

On February 11, 2019, Kimmel announced on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" that the show would be revived on Comedy Central for a fifth 20-episode season and mark the first project on Kimmel's new "Kimmelot" production imprint. The new season would include pranks on social media and other platforms. Kimmel's brother Jonathan Kimmel served as showrunner and executive producer. Season 5 started on September 25, 2019.

On March 5, 2020, Comedy Central announced "Crank Yankers" had been renewed for a 20-episode sixth season.



WWE Hell in a Cell

WWE Hell in a Cell is a professional wrestling event produced every year by WWE, a Connecticut–based professional wrestling promotion, and broadcast live only on pay-per-view (PPV). The event began in 2009, replacing No Mercy in the early October slot of WWE's PPV calendar. In 2012, WWE announced that Hell in a Cell would move to late October, leaving only one pay-per-view in October.

The show's concept is based on WWE's well-known Hell in a Cell match, in which wrestlers fight inside a 20-foot (6-metre) high roofed cell structure surrounding the ring and ringside area. Each main event match of the card is contested as a Hell in a Cell match. "Hell in a Cell" was chosen over "No Escape", "Locked Up" and "Rage in a Cage".

Since it began, the event has been held only in indoor arenas in the United States. Championship bouts are scheduled on every card. Under the former Brand Extension, WWE assigned its performers to either Raw or SmackDown, which in the 2009 and 2010 events caused matches to be set up between wrestlers on the same show.

In this PPV, all main events are fought as Hell in a Cell matches, in which the ring and ringside area are surrounded by a 20-foot high roofed cell structure. This type of match has no disqualifications or countouts, and also no escape. The only way to win is by pinfall or submission inside the ring.


"This article is based on on the English Wikipedia."

Toco toucan

The toco toucan ("Ramphastos toco"), also known as the toucan or common toucan, is the largest and probably the best known species in the toucan family. It is found in semi-open habitats throughout a large part of central and eastern South America. It is a common attraction in zoos.

Richard Ponsonby-Fane

Richard Arthur Brabazon Ponsonby-Fane (8 January 1878 – 10 December 1937) was a British public servant, colonial administrator, academic, author, specialist of Shinto and Japanologist.

Richard Arthur Brabazon Ponsonby was born at Gravesend on the south bank of the Thames in Kent. As a youth, he lived in London and at his grandfather's country home, Brympton d'Evercy in Somerset.

He added "Fane" to his name in 1916.

Ponsonby was educated at Harrow School.

In 1896, Ponsonby became the private secretary to the Governor of the British Cape Colony. Over the next twenty years, he was private secretary to the Governor of Natal (1896), to the Governor of Trinidad and Tobago (1898), to the Governor of Ceylon (1900), and to the Governor of Hong Kong (1903). He was re-posted to assist the Governor of Natal in 1907 and the Governor of Fiji in 1910.

In 1915-1919, he was re-posted as private secretary to the Governor of Hong Kong.

Ponsonby-Fane began lecturing at the University of Hong Kong in 1916. He continued to be a university lecturer until 1926.

In 1921, when the Japanese Crown Prince Hirohito visited Hong Kong, Ponsonby-Fane was his interpreter.

When Emperor Shōwa became Emperor of Japan, Ponsonby was the only non-Japanese guest who was invited to witness the ceremonies from a special place in front of the palace's Kenreimon gate.

In 1930, when Prince Takamatsu and his wife travelled to Europe, Ponsonby-Fane sailed on the same ship; and he was invited to attend all the welcoming receptions for them in England.

After 1919, Ponsonby-Fane became a permanent resident of Japan. In later life, he was always photographed with a long woolen scarf. It was hand-knit by Dowager Empress Teimei, the widow of Emperor Taishō.

Ponsonby-Fane died in Kyoto, Japan in December 1937.

In an overview of writings by and about Richard Ponsonby-Fane, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 74 works in 136 publications in 2 languages and 1,443 library holdings.



Tony Barbieri

Anthony J. "Tony" Barbieri (born August 26, 1963) is an American comedic writer and performer. He began writing for "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" in 2003. In 2004, he started appearing on the show as the character "Jake Byrd". He won the an Emmy Award for the song "I'm Fucking Matt Damon" in 2008.

Robert N. Proctor

Robert Neel Proctor (born 1954) is an American historian of science. He is Professor of the History of Science at Stanford University. In 1999, he was the first historian to testify against the tobacco industry. He was a professor of the history of science at Pennsylvania State University.

Proctor made the word "agnotology". Agnotology means writing untrue or misleading information about scientific data. 

Albano Harguindeguy

Albano Eduardo Harguindeguy (February 11, 1927 – October 29, 2012) was an Argentine Army General.

Harguindeguy was born in February 11, 1927. He was thought of being involved in a human rights abuse case, then he was pardoned by President Carlos Menem in 1989, with other members of the dictatorship. In 2004 he refused to testify before a judge investigating illegal detentions and killings under Operation Condor, and he was put under house arrest.

Harguindeguy died on October 29, 2012 from natural causes while under house arrest, aged 85.


Nicotiana

Nicotiana is a genus of herbaceous plants and shrubs. They grow in the Americas, Australia, south west Africa and the South Pacific. The common name for plant species of the genus "Nicotiana" is tobacco plants. 

One of the species is "N. tabacum". It is grown worldwide to make tobacco leaf for cigarettes and other tobacco products. Other species are grown as ornamental garden plants. 

Terry Callier

Terrence O. Callier, known as Terry Callier (May 24, 1945 – October 28, 2012) was an American jazz, soul and folk guitarist and singer-songwriter.

Callier was born in the North Side of Chicago, Illinois, on May 24, 1945, and was raised in Cabrini-Green, a Chicago neighborhood.

He performered songs such as "Occasional Rain" (1972), "What Color Is Love" (1973), and "I Just Can't Help Myself" (1974). He also played with George Benson, Gil Scott-Heron and others. He signed a contract with Elektra Records, releasing the albums "Fire On Ice" (1977) and "Turn You to Love" (1978).

Callier died in Chicago on October 28, 2012 from cancer, aged 67.


Johann von Leers

Johann von Leers (January 25, 1902 – March 5, 1965), was a soldier in Nazi Germany. He was an Alter Kämpfer and an honorary Sturmbannführer in the Waffen SS. He was also a professor known for his strong anti-Jewish beliefs. He was important in making propaganda.

He was an advisor to Gamal Abdel Nasser. He published for Goebbels, in Peron's Argentina and for Nasser's Egypt. He changed his religion to Islam. He then changed his name to Omar Amin.


Indian Cobra

Indian Cobra ("Naja naja") or Spectacled Cobra is a species of the genus "Naja" found in the Indian subcontinent and a member of the "big four", the four species which inflict the most snakebites in India. This snake is revered in Indian mythology and culture, and is often seen with snake charmers. 

The Princess and the Frog

The Princess and the Frog is a 2009 American animated romantic musical fantasy comedy-drama movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 49th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The movie is loosely based on the novel "The Frog Princess" by E. D. Baker. That novel is in turn based on the Brothers Grimm fairy tale, "The Frog Prince". The takes place in 1920s New Orleans, Louisiana. The story is of a hardworking waitress named Tiana who dreams of owning her own restaurant. After kissing a prince who has been turned into a frog by an evil witch doctor, Tiana becomes a frog herself. She must find a way to turn back into a human.

The movie was in movie theaters in New York and Los Angeles on November 25, 2009. It went to more theaters on December 11, 2009.

Tiana is a young lady hoping to open a restaurant in New Orleans. Meanwhile, Prince Naveen arrives in the hopes of marrying Charlotte La Bouff. Naveen and his selfish assistant Lawrence meet Dr Facilier, a voodoo witch doctor who transforms Naveen into a frog.

Naveen meets Tiana and asks for a kiss to break Facilier's spell. The kiss does not work and turns Tiana into a frog. They journey to Mama Odie so that they can find a cure. On the way to Mama Odie, they meet Louis (an alligator) and Ray (a firefly).

Meanwhile, Facilier uses a talisman (given to him by voodoo demons) to disguise Lawrence as Prince Naveen. They do this so that Lawrence can marry Charlotte La Bouff and Facilier can take her family's fortune. 

Tiana, Naveen, Ray and Louis reach Mama Odie, who tells them that the kiss can only be broken by a princess. They realise that as Charlotte's father was crowned King of the Mardi Gras, she will be a princess until midnight. They go back to New Orleans and discover Facilier's plot. 

Tiana destroys the talisman and Facilier is killed by voodoo demons. Charlotte tries to kiss Naveen but it is past midnight and so the kiss does not work. Tiana and Naveen are happy as frogs and marry each other, making Tiana a princess. They both turn back into humans.


Frank Potenza

Francis "Frank" Potenza (born November 11, 1933 – August 23, 2011) was an American retired New York City police officer and former security guard. He later became a television actor and comic relief for "Jimmy Kimmel Live!". He appeared as "Uncle Frank" on the show from 2003 to 2011.

Guillermo Rodriguez (comedian)

Guillermo Díaz Rodriguez (born January 27, 1971), widely known as Guillermo, is a talk show personality who rose to fame while working as a parking lot security guard at the Hollywood Blvd studios for "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", with Jimmy Kimmel.

Tangled

Tangled is a 2010 American computer-animated musical fantasy adventure comedy movie about a princess named Rapunzel. It was produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 50th movie in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. It is loosely based on the German fairy tale "Rapunzel" from the Brothers Grimm. The movie is about a lost princess with long magical hair who wants to leave her tower. Against her mother's wishes, she gets help from a bandit thief to take her out into the world.

The movie was first titled and marketed as "Rapunzel". It was changed to "Tangled" shortly before its release. "Tangled" costed about $260 million to make. The movie earned about .

"Tangled" was first played at the El Capitan Theatre on November 14, 2010. It went into public release on November 24. The movie was released on Blu-ray and DVD on March 29, 2011.

When a golden drop of sunlight falls from the sky, a magic flower grows. Mother Gothel (Donna Murphy), an elderly witch, has hoarded the flower's healing magic to keep herself young for many centuries, and is furious when soldiers from a nearby kingdom pluck it and give it to their sick, pregnant queen. Afterwards, the queen gives birth to a baby girl, Rapunzel, whose long, blonde hair contains the flower's healing properties. Gothel breaks into the palace at night to cut Rapunzel's hair and to use the magic once again, but discovers that cutting her hair will render it useless, so she steals the baby and puts her in a tower in the woods, where she raises her, lying to the girl about the dangers of the outside world to keep her safe and content. Meanwhile, every year on Rapunzel's birthday, the king and queen release floating lanterns in the hopes their daughter will see them and come home.

Knowing the lanterns are made for her, on the eve of her eighteenth birthday, Rapunzel (Mandy Moore) plucks up the courage to ask Gothel's permission to see the lanterns and discover their source, but she refuses. Meanwhile, in the kingdom, the dashing bandit Flynn Rider (Zachary Levi), steals Rapunzel's intended crown from the palace, and abandons his partners, the Stabbington brothers, while they flee. He takes refuge with the crown in the tower, but Rapunzel knocks him out with a frying pan, and hides him in her wardrobe. Upon Gothel's return, Rapunzel tries to show Flynn to her to convince her she's ready for the "dangerous" world, but is still dismissed.

Rapunzel sends Gothel away on a three-day trip to pick up some paints for her. When Gothel leaves, Rapunzel hides the crown from Flynn and uses it as leverage as a means to get him to take her to the lanterns on her birthday. On their journey, Flynn and Rapunzel stop over at the Snuggly Duckling, a tavern filled with menacing barbarian thugs, who try to capture Flynn, but Rapunzel charms them. Meanwhile, Gothel comes across Maximus, a palace horse who is pursuing Flynn. Realizing the palace guards may be closing on the tower, Gothel rushes back only to discover that Rapunzel is missing, but finds Flynn's satchel with the crown, and she goes after the pair.

The soldiers, led by Maximus, search the tavern for Flynn. Rapunzel and Flynn escape through a secret passage, but end up trapped in a flooding cavern. Resigned to their fate, Flynn reveals his real name is Eugene, and Rapunzel reveals her hair glows when she sings. Using the light from Rapunzel's hair, they escape the cavern and hide in the woods. Meanwhile, Gothel teams up with the Stabbingtons and gives the crown to Rapunzel as a test of Flynn's loyalty.

The next morning, Maximus arrives to arrest Flynn, but Rapunzel talks him into calling a truce with him for her birthday. Rapunzel and Flynn arrive at the kingdom and enjoy the festivities, with an evening boat ride as the King, Queen, and citizens release lanterns. As a thank you for fulfilling her dream to see the lanterns, Rapunzel gives Flynn the satchel with the crown. They confess their love, and just as the two are about to kiss, Flynn sees the Stabbingtons on the lakeside, and rows the boat over to apologize and hand the crown over to them. However, the brothers assault him and tie him to a boat heading for the palace. While Flynn is taken into custody by the guards, Gothel stages a rescue by disabling the brothers, and returns to the tower with Rapunzel.

Back at the tower, Rapunzel discovers the kingdom's sun symbol she has subconsciously incorporated into her artwork over the years. She realizes that she is the missing princess who the kingdom release the lanterns for, and angrily confronts Gothel. Meanwhile, Maximus and the thugs free Flynn, who rides back to the tower, and enters, where he discovers Rapunzel has been chained and gagged. After stabbing Flynn, and leaving him to die of his injuries, Gothel tries to flee with the captive Rapunzel. She agrees she will willingly go with Gothel, if she can be free to heal Flynn. Not wanting her to be a captive any longer, Flynn cuts Rapunzel's hair, turning it brown causing its powers to dissipate. Gothel ages rapidly, and falls out the tower window, and is reduced to ash.

Flynn confesses his love for Rapunzel, and dies of his injuries. As the heartbroken Rapunzel mourns, her tears, infused with the healing magic, bring Flynn back to life. When the two return to the kingdom, Rapunzel is reunited with her parents, who pardon Eugene. The kingdom rejoices, and after a time, Rapunzel and Flynn wed.

Wreck-It Ralph

Wreck-It Ralph is a 2012 American 3D computer animated comedy movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.

The movie tells the story of Wreck-It Ralph. He is an arcade game villain. He does not want to be a villain anymore. He wants to become a hero. "Wreck-It Ralph" released to the world on October 29, 2012. It was the 52nd Disney animated movie and released in the United States on November 2, 2012.

