A sequel called "Ralph Breaks the Internet" was released on November 21, 2018.


The film's score was composed by Henry Jackman.

Barry Shabaka Henley

Barry Shabaka Henley (born September 15, 1954) is an American actor and comedian. He portrayed Eddie Walker in "Barbershop: The Series", taking over from Cedric the Entertainer.

He often works in movies directed by Michael Mann.

Omar Gooding

Omar M. Gooding (born October 19, 1976) is an American actor and comedian. He replaced Ice Cube as Calvin Palmer, Jr. in "Barbershop: The Series".

Gooding is Cuba Gooding, Jr.'s younger brother and the son of Cuba Gooding, Sr. Gooding was born in Los Angeles, California.

Peugeot 607

The Peugeot 607 is a automobile produced by Peugeot. It replaced the Peugeot 605 in 1999, and were replaced by the Peugeot 508 in 2011.


Cam Barker

Cameron Barker (born April 4, 1986 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played with the Chicago Blackhawks, Minnesota Wild, Edmonton Oilers, and Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played with Barys Astana of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).

Barker was drafted 3rd overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks. Barker played 5 seasons with the Blackhawks before being traded to the Minnesota Wild for Kim Johnsson and defensive prospect Nick Leddy. He played 2 seasons with the Wild and the Wild placed him on waivers on June 28, 2011. He signed a contract with the Edmonton Oilers on July 1, 2011. He played a season with the Oilers before being cut by the team on June 25, 2012. He joined the Texas Stars for 23 games before signing a $700,000, one-year contract with the Vancouver Canucks.



Michal Barinka

Michal Barinka (born June 12, 1984 in Vyškov, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the HC Vítkovice of the Czech Extraliga.

Barinka was drafted 59th overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks. Barinka played 2 seasons with the Blackhawks before being traded in a three-way deal to the Ottawa Senators for Martin Havlát. Barinka played for the farm team Binghamton Senators for 1 season before returning to the Czech Republic to play for the HC Vítkovice of the Czech Extraliga. After playing 5 seasons with HC Vítkovice, Barinka left to play with Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the Kontinental Hockey League. He left to play for HC Fribourg-Gottéron of the National League A. He played 1 season with them before returning to the Czech Extraliga to play for HC Vítkovice again.


Charsfield

Charsfield is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 358 people living in Charsfield. It has a church called St Peter.

Chediston

Chediston is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 195 people living in Chediston. It has a church called St Mary.

Chillesford

Chillesford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 126 people living in Chillesford. It has a church called St Peter.

Cransford

Cransford is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 152 people living in Cransford. It has a church called St Peter.

Milan Bartovič

Milan Bartovič (born April 9, 1981 in Trenčín, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the HC Slovan Bratislava of the Kontinental Hockey League.

Barker was drafted 35th overall in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft by the Buffalo Sabres. Bartovič played 2 seasons with the Sabres before being traded to the Chicago Blackhawks for Michael Leighton. Bartovič played 49 games for the Blackhawks before electing to play in Sweden for the 2006–07 season. Before he left, he signed a one-year deal with the Atlanta Thrashers but didn't play for them. He returned to Europe to play for Malmö IF of the Swedish Elite League. He left the Malmö IF to play with ZSC Lions of the National League A. He played 1 season with ZSC Lions before leaving to play for the HC Bílí Tygři Liberec of the Czech Extraliga.


Impatiens

Impatiens is a genus of about 850–1,000 species of flowering plants, widely distributed throughout the Northern Hemisphere and tropics. Together with "Hydrocera triflora", they make up the family Balsaminaceae. 

These plants derives their scientific name "Impatiens" (Latin for "impatient") and the common name "touch-me-not" in reference to their seed capsules. When the capsules mature, they 'explode' when touched, sending seeds several metres away. This mechanism is also known as "explosive dehiscence"; see also rapid plant movement.

Impatiens have become one of the most popular garden annuals. Hybrids, typically derived from "Busy Lizzie" (the well-known "I. walleriana") and the New Guinea Impatiens ("I. hawkeri"), have commercial importance as garden plants. "I. walleriana" is native to East Africa, and was bred through selection by Claude Hope. The original series of impatiens bred by Hope was the 'Elfin' series of cultivars, later improved as the 'Super Elfin' series. Double-flowered cultivars also exist. But in tropical islands, such as Hawaiʻi, Busy Lizzie can also become a noxious weed.

Touch-me-not

Touch me not is a common name for two unrelated groups of plants:


The biblical Latin phrase Noli me tangere, which appears in John 20:17, is translated as "Touch me not".

Radim Bičánek

Radim Bičánek (born January 18, 1975 in Uherské Hradiště, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the HC Kometa Brno of the Czech Extraliga.

Bičánek was drafted 27th overall in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft by the Ottawa Senators. Bičánek played 4 seasons with the Senators before being traded to the Chicago Blackhawks for a pick in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft on March 12, 1999.He played 2 seasons with the Blackhawks before being picked up by the Columbus Blue Jackets. He played 2 seasons with the Blue Jackets before returning to the Czech Republic because of the 2004–05 NHL lockout. He played for the Orli Znojmo of the Czech Extraliga for 5 seasons before leaving and joining HC Kometa Brno.


Peter Bondra

Peter Bondra (born February 7, 1968) is a retired Slovak professional ice hockey player that played a total of 17 seasons in the NHL.

Bondra was drafted 156th overall in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft by the Washington Capitals. Bondra played 14 seasons with the Capitals. Because of a disappointing year, the Capitals traded some of their veteran players. Bondra was traded to the Ottawa Senators for Brooks Laich and a second round draft pick. Bondra was noticeably sad and was choked up during the press conference that announced the trade. Bondra played 1 season with the Senators before signing with HK Tatravagónka ŠKP Poprad of the Slovak Extraliga because of the 2004-05 NHL lockout. After the lockout ended, he signed with the Atlanta Thrashers. He played 1 season with the Thrashers. On December 10, He signed a contract with the Chicago Blackhawks. While he was a member of the Blackhawks, he scored his 500th NHL career goal. This made him the 37th player in league history to reach the 500–goal mark and the fourth player to record his 500th goal while a member of the Blackhawks. He retired from professional ice hockey on October 29, 2007.


Toby

Toby [ toh-bee ] is a male name. Toby is a well-liked name for male individuals with a rich history and significance. Its origin can be traced back to England and is a derivative of the name Tobias, which means "God is good" or "God is my goodness." The name has been widely used since the Middle Ages and has remained a popular choice for boys in English-speaking countries. Apart from Toby, the name has also been spelled in different variations such as Tobie, Tobey, and Tobias. The name has also been referenced in literature and popular culture, with characters such as Toby Belch in Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" and Toby Ziegler in the television show "The West Wing" bearing the name. It is used in English speaking places.

Toby Keith, a Country music singer, is one famous Toby. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Jared Padalecki

Jared Padalecki (born July 19, 1982) is an American actor. He is best known for his role on the television series "Gilmore Girls". Padalecki is also known for playing Sam Winchester on the CW television series "Supernatural".

Padalecki married Genevieve Cortese on February 27, 2010 in Sun Valley, Idaho. He and his wife are living in Austin, Texas. Their son, Thomas Padalecki, was born on March 19, 2012.


Sněžka

Sněžka (, ) is the highest mountain in the Czech Republic. Its top is above sea level. The mountain is in the Giant Mountains ("Krkonoše"), in the nordeastern part of Bohemia. It is about 150 kilometres from Prague, the country's capital. Buses from Prague go to the town of Pec pod Sněžkou, from there the tourists can walk or use the cable-way.

There is the Czech-Polish border on the top of Sněžka. Both Czechs and Poles have their buildings on the top. The wooden chappel of St Lawrence and a new post office are in Bohemia; a big modern hotel is in Silesia (Poland). The whole area is a protected natural area. There are no trees on Sněžka because it is too high for them. Instead, there are rocks that can be dangerous to the walkers. They are recommended to wear good shoes and avoid the mountain in winter or if it is raining.

New England town

New England towns have a basic local government in each of the six New England states. New England towns are similar to civil townships.

New England towns are often governed by town meetings. There is little to no county government, and Connecticut and Rhode Island counties have no government authority. Massachusetts has removed eight of fourteen county governments so far.

List of governors of Connecticut

The Governor of Connecticut is in charge of the executive branch of Connecticut's government. The Governor is also commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor must enforce state laws. The governor also can approve or veto bills passed by the Connecticut General Assembly. The governor of Connecticut has no power to pardon. This is unusual among other US governors. There have been 68 governors of the state. The current Governor is Ned Lamont, who took office on January 9, 2019.


Jhansi

Jhansi is a historic city of India between the rivers Pahunj and Betwa in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, close to the border with Madhya Pradesh. Jhansi is the administrative headquarters of Jhansi District and Jhansi Division. The original walled city grew up around its stone fort, which was built in 1613. The city is well connected to all other major towns in Uttar Pradesh by road and railway networks. It is called "gateway to Bundelkhand". Jhansi was besieged and taken by British forces in 1858 during the Indian Rebellion of 1857is



Pinaceae

Pinaceae (the pine family) are trees or shrubs, including many of the well-known conifers of commercial importance such as cedars, firs, hemlocks, larches, pines and spruces. 

The family is included in the order Pinales, formerly known as Coniferales. Pinaceae are monophyletic. They are the largest living conifer family in species diversity, with between 220-250 species in 11 genera, and the second-largest (after Cupressaceae) in geographical range.

They are found in most of the Northern Hemisphere with most species in temperate climates. The family often forms the dominant component of boreal, coastal and montane forests. One species just crosses the equator in southeast Asia. Major centres of diversity are found in the mountains of southwest China, Mexico, central Japan and California.

Center of population

The center of population is part of a study of demographics. It can be useful to understand the population for a state or region. The Mean center of U.S. population has been counted for each U.S. Census since 1790. 

The center of population for Bangladesh is close to Dhaka. Ohio's center of population is 30 miles from Columbus. The center of US population is located in southern Missouri. This shows that Representatives from the western states travel far to their jobs at the Capitol.


Connecticut Colony

The Connecticut Colony was an English colony in British America. The Connecticut Colony or Colony of Connecticut, was formed in what would become the US state of Connecticut. It was first called the River Colony and was organized on March 3, 1636. It was a place for Puritan noblemen. The English took control of the colony from the Dutch by the late 1630s. The colony became a war zone between the English and American Indians, known as the Pequot War. This war helped established the self-government in the New World.

There were two other English colonies in the state of Connecticut. The Saybrook Colony in 1644 and the New Haven Colony in 1662, merged with the Connecticut Colony. Thomas Hooker was a Puritan minister. Hooker and Governor John Haynes of Massachusetts Bay Colony led a group of 100 people to present-day Hartford in 1636. They are sometimes referred to as the founders of the Connecticut Colony. 


Coventry, Connecticut

Coventry is a town in Connecticut. It is in Tolland County. There were 12,235 people living in Coventry in 2020. Coventry became a town in May 1712. According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of of which is land and (1.67%) is water.


Old Saybrook, Connecticut

Old Saybrook is a town in Connecticut. It is in Middlesex County. There were 10,481 people living in Old Saybrook in 2020. The incorporated borough of Fenwick is in Old Saybrook. The census-designated places of Old Saybrook Center and Saybrook Manor are also part of the town.

Saybrook, Illinois is named after Old Saybrook.



Wethersfield, Connecticut

Wethersfield is a town in Connecticut. It is in Hartford County. Many records from colonial times spell the name Weathersfield. However, Native Americans called it Pyquag. There were 27,298 people living in Wethersfield in 2020.


The Smurfs: A Christmas Carol

The Smurfs: A Christmas Carol is an American computer-animated short film, based on "The Smurfs" comic book series and "A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens. It was directed by Troy Quane and it stars voices of George Lopez, Jack Angel, Melissa Sturm, Fred Armisen, Gary Basaraba, Anton Yelchin, and Hank Azaria. The special was produced by Sony Pictures Animation with the animation by Sony Pictures Imageworks and Duck Studios. "The Smurfs: A Christmas Carol" was released on DVD on December 2, 2011, attached to "The Smurfs".

When Grouchy Smurf (voiced by George Lopez) behaves badly to everyone and refuses to celebrate Christmas, the Smurfs of Christmas Past, Present, and Future teach him to appreciate Christmas.



Ivan Droppa

Ivan Droppa (born February 1, 1972) is a retired Slovak professional ice hockey player that played 2 seasons in the NHL for the Chicago Blackhawks.

Droppa was drafted 37th overall in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks.

Droppa mainly played in Europe during his career. He has played for the Nuremberg Ice Tigers, Kassel Huskies, and Duesseldorf EG/DEG Metro Stars of the DEL. The Slavia Praha HC and Litvinov CHP HC of the Czech Extraliga. The MsHK Žilina and HC Košice of the Slovak Extraliga.

Droppa retired from professional ice hockey in 2010.


Nyangatjatjara College

Nyangatjatjara College is an independent high school based in the Northern Territory of Australia. It has campuses in Yulara, Kaltukatjara, Muṯitjulu and Imanpa. It teaches students who speak Pitjantjatjara as their first language.

The school was first opened on 21 July 1997. The campus at Yulara is the school's original and main campus. It has boarding facilities to allow students to from the other, smaller, campuses to live at the college while studying. Kaltukatjara, Muṯitjulu and Imanpa are small communities in remote areas. The campuses there were opened between 1998 and 2002. The students are taught at their home campuses for part of the year, and then study at the Yulara campus for the other part. The school teaches both boys and girls, but their classes are separated.

Nyangatjatjara College is owned by the Nyangatjatjara Aboriginal Corporation. It is a member of the Association of Independent Schools of the Northern Territory (AISNT).


Lexington Barbecue Festival

The Lexington Barbecue Festival is a one-day food festival held each October in Lexington, North Carolina, a city that calls itself the "Barbecue Capital of the World." Each year up to 160,000 people go to the festival Up to 20 different companies compete to see who has the best barbecue. There are many people who sell other items, too. The festival is a celebration of slow cooked pork barbecue.

The first Lexington Barbecue Festival was in 1984. It was the idea of Joe Sink, Jr., who worked for Lexington's newspaper, "The Dispatch". The city of Lexington was already famous for barbecue and the city decided it was a good idea to have a festival every year. The first year, 30,000 people came to eat barbecue at the festival. The festival is one of the largest in the United States now. By 1994, more than 100,000 people came each year, and they had to cook 11,000 pounds of meat. In 2012, more than 160,000 people came to try the Lexington barbecue.

The city closes many city blocks on Main Street for the event. In addition to barbecue, there are over 400 other people selling arts and crafts, homemade fudge and other things. There are also many carnival rides, several stages for live music (bands), and other competitions and events. Over the years, many large companies have helped pay for the festival, such as Childress Vineyards, Pepsi, BB&T, Walmart, and other corporations.

In 2007, The North Carolina government pass a law called "NC House Bill 433" and now the festival is officially the"Official Food Festival of the Piedmont Triad Region of the State of North Carolina".
These are images of some of the activities at the festival.

Lorentz transformation

The Lorentz transformations is a set of equations that describe a linear transformation between a stationary reference frame and a reference frame in constant velocity. The equations are given by:

formula_1 ,
formula_2 ,
formula_3 ,
formula_4

where formula_5represents the new x co-ordinate, formula_6 represents the velocity of the other reference frame, formula_7 representing time, and formula_8 the speed of light.

On a Cartesian coordinate system, with the vertical axis being time (t), the horizontal axis being position in space along one axis (x), the gradients represent velocity (shallower gradient resulting in a greater velocity). If the speed of light is set as a 45° or 1:1 gradient, Lorentz transformations can rotate and squeeze other gradients while keeping certain gradients, like a 1:1 gradient constant. Points undergoing a Lorentz transformations on such a plane will be transformed along lines corresponding to formula_9 where n is some number

Transformation

In mathematics, a transformation is a rule that describes relations between two different coordinate systems and points in them.

Some examples are translation, dilation, rotation, reflection, shear mapping, point reflection, and circle inversion. Any combination of transformations is also a transformation.

Ken Page

Kenneth "Ken" Page (born January 20, 1954) is an American actor, voice actor and singer. He is best known for voicing Oogie Boogie in "The Nightmare Before Christmas".

Child-headed family

A child-headed family or child-headed household is a family in which a minor (child or adolescent) has become the head of the household. They are most common in developing countries and areas of war, where the children's parents have been killed by conflict or disease. In some cases, relatives of the children adopt them after the parents die. Situations where a child, usually the eldest, has to provide for the family happen when there are no adult relatives to take the children or the relatives can not afford to support more children. Whether and how much the government helps the orphaned family depends on the country. Most help comes from charity and aid organisations like UNICEF.

Child-headed families are most common in Africa. The HIV/AIDS epidemic has led to many situations where both parents have died and left behind a family of orphans. The children may begin taking over their parent's responsibilities before the last surviving parent has died, when the parent is sick or too weak to work. The eldest children often have to stop going to school and get a job instead in order to gain income for the family. A study by Cornell University in 2005 showed that, in Namibia, the average age of the children acting as parents in their families was 17; some were as young as 9 years old. The number of children heading households in sub-Saharan Africa is reported to be growing. A survey in South Africa in 2006 showed that 122,000 (0.67%) of the country's children were living in child-headed households.

In Rwanda, it is estimated that the 1994 genocide left at least 60,000 households to be run by children. Many of the girls who were raped during the conflict are left to raise both their siblings and their own children.


The Reluctant Dragon (movie)

The Reluctant Dragon is a 1941 American combined live action and animated movie. It was produced by Walt Disney. It was released by RKO Radio Pictures on June 20, 1941. The movie gives a tour of the then-new Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California.

The movie stars radio comedian Robert Benchley and many Disney staffers such as Ward Kimball, Fred Moore, Norman Ferguson, Clarence Nash, and Walt Disney, all as themselves.

The first third of the movie is in black-and-white. The last two-thirds are in Technicolor. Most of the movie is live-action. There are four short animated parts. There is black-and-white part with Casey Junior from "Dumbo". There are three Technicolor cartoons: "Baby Weems", Goofy's "How to Ride a Horse", and "The Reluctant Dragon". The Reluctant Dragon is based on Kenneth Grahame's book of the same name. 

Victory Through Air Power (movie)

Victory Through Air Power is a 1943 Walt Disney Technicolor animated movie. It is based on the 1942 book "Victory Through Air Power" by Alexander P. de Seversky. De Seversky is in the movie. This was different from the Disney animated movies of the time.

The movie received an Academy Award nomination for Best Music Score of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture.

On December 8, 1941, Disney studios were changed into a propaganda machine for the United States government. While most World War II movies were made for training, movies such as "Victory Through Air Power" were made to build public morale among the U.S. and Allied powers. Winston Churchill and Franklin D. Roosevelt were influenced by the movie.

So Dear to My Heart

So Dear to My Heart is a 1948 movie produced by Walt Disney. It was released nationwide on January 19, 1949. The movie combines animation and live action. It is based on the Sterling North book "Midnight and Jeremiah".


The movie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song for Burl Ives's version of the 17th-century English folk song "Lavender Blue". It lost to "Baby, It's Cold Outside" from "Neptune's Daughter".

Mary Poppins (movie)

Mary Poppins is a 1964 American musical movie starring Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke. It was produced by Walt Disney. It was based on the story of destiny Mary Poppins and the "Mary Poppins" book series by P. L. Travers. It was shot at Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California.

Julie Andrews won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance as Mary Poppins. The movie also won Oscars for Best Movie Editing, Original Music Score, Best Song for "Chim Chim Cher-ee" and Best Visual Effects. The movie received a total of 13 nominations.

The movie is about a family named Banks that live in London of 1910. The family members are George Banks - a serious man that works in the bank, Winifred Banks - a Women's rights activist, and their children Jane and Michael.

George Banks is busy in his bank work while Winifred is busy in her Women's rights activities and both of them almost never dedicate time for their children but instead keep them with different nannies. When one of the nannies named Katie quits the job, Mr. Banks begins to search for a different nanny. At night, the children write their father a letter that describes the kind of nanny they want, but he then rips the letter and throws it into the fire and writes for himself the kind of nanny that he wants, someone that is serious and arranged.

Many nannies come to the house in order to be chosen as the nanny but the strong wind blows them all away. At the same time the children who are looking from the window see a woman flying into their house, named Mary Poppins and she is the kind of nanny the children really wanted. With her magic and love she takes care of the children and takes them to special adventures. In the beginning Mr. Banks does not like the way she takes care of the children but later in the movie she manages (is able to do something, especially something difficult) to connect between him and the children and makes the Banks family all happy again.

"Mary Poppins" is the most Oscar-winning and Oscar-nominated Disney movie in history.




T. J. Miller

Todd Joseph "T. J." Miller (born June 4, 1981) is an American actor and stand-up comedian. He first began acting in television. He is best known for his role as Erlich Bachman in the television sitcom "Silicon Valley" until he left the show in 2018"." His first role in a movie was "Cloverfield", in which he played the character who videotaped most of the scenes.

Bedknobs and Broomsticks

Bedknobs and Broomsticks is a 1971 musical movie produced by Walt Disney Productions. It combines live action and animation. It was released in North America on December 13, 1971. It is based on the books "The Magic Bed Knob; or, How to Become a Witch in Ten Easy Lessons" and "Bonfires and Broomsticks" by English children's author Mary Norton.

The movie is often compared to "Mary Poppins". It is also partly set in the streets of London. It shares some of the cast from Mary Poppins, a similar crew, the same songwriters and director.

The movie was made at Walt Disney Studios. The castle scenes were shot on location at Corfe Castle, Dorset, England, UK.


The Children:

The voices of:

Billy Gardell

William "Billy" Gardell (born August 20, 1969) is an American actor. He currently acts in the television series "Mike & Molly". He also made an appearance in several episodes of "My Name Is Earl". He voiced Santa in "".

Judah Friedlander

Judah Friedlander (born March 16, 1969) is an American actor and comedian best known for his acting on the sitcom "30 Rock".

Chris Wedge

John Christian "Chris" Wedge (born March 20, 1957) is an American movie director, producer and voice actor. He is best known for the movies "Ice Age" and "Robots".

Karen Disher

Karen Beth Disher (born August 7, 1972) is an American storyboard artist and movie director. She has also done many voice over roles in cartoons, television, movies and video games.

She has worked for MTV, where she designed the main characters for the cartoon series "Daria". She then joined Blue Sky Studios, where she worked as storyboard artist on many animated movies, such as "Robots", "", "Horton Hears a Who!", "", "", and "Epic".

In 2001, Disher married Robert Todd Partington, then a supervisor of computer graphics and animation technologies for MTV Networks.

Seann William Scott

Seann William Scott (born October 3, 1976) is an American actor. He is best known for playing the role of Steve Stifler in the "American Pie" series. He also played roles in the movies "Final Destination", "Road Trip", "Dude, Where's My Car?", "Evolution", "Bulletproof Monk", "The Rundown", "The Dukes of Hazzard", "Role Models", "Cop Out", and "Goon". Scott voiced the character Crash in the "Ice Age" franchise.

Al-Hujwiri

Abu al-Hasan Ali ibn Uthman ibn Ali al-Jullabi, commonly known by the nisba al-Hujwiri and reverentially as Data Ganj Bakhsh, was an 11th-century Islamic scholar and writer. He made a significant contribution both to the spreading of Islam in South Asia.

Ali ibn Uthman ibn Ali ibn Abd al-Rahman ibn Abd Allah ibn Ali ibn Hasan ibn Zayd ibn Hasan ibn Ali is said to be his genealogy. He was born around 990 CE near Ghazni, Afghanistan during the era of the Ghaznavid Kingdom and moved to Lahore in present-day Pakistan in 1077 CE.

His most famous written work is the "Kashf al-Mahjub", written in the Persian language. This is one of the earliest and most respected treatises of Sufism in Persian, and it debates Sufi doctrines of the past.

Al-Hujwiri was interred in a famous mausoleum in Lahore, which is surrounded by a large marble courtyard, a mosque and other buildings. It is the most frequented of all the shrines in that old city, and indeed one of the most famous in Pakistan and the entire region. He is venerated as the Patron Saint of Lahore, where his name is a household word, and his mausoleum the object of pilgrimage from distant places, by people of all religious beliefs. Along with Khwaja Moin-ud-Din Chishti, Farid-ud-Din Ganj Shakar, Lal Shahbaz Qalandar and Jalal-ud-Din Surkh Bukhari, he is deemed in popular Punjabi literature and culture, as one of the "Panj Peer" (Five Sages/Holy Ones) who exert mystic control and authority over all of the South Asia.

Christopher McDonald

Christopher McDonald (born November 16, 1954) is an American actor. He is known for his acting roles in "Happy Gilmore", "Requiem for a Dream", and "61*".

Pete's Dragon (1977 movie)

Pete's Dragon is a 1977 live-action/animated musical movie from Walt Disney Productions. It is a live-action movie but its title character, a dragon named Elliott, is animated. The story is about a young orphan named Pete who goes to the town of Passamaquoddy, a small fishing community in Northeastern Maine. His only friend is a dragon named Elliott. Elliott is also his protector and can make himself invisible.


"Pete's Dragon" was nominated for two Academy Awards:

The movie was nominated for four Saturn Awards:

The Hollywood Foreign Press Association nominated "Pete's Dragon" for one Golden Globe Award:

DuckTales the Movie: Treasure of the Lost Lamp

DuckTales the Movie: Treasure of the Lost Lamp is a 1990 animated movie. It was based on the children's television series "DuckTales". It was released by Walt Disney Pictures on August 3, 1990.



Al Roker

Albert Lincoln "Al" Roker (born August 20, 1954) is an American weatherman and an actor. He is known for being a presenter on the television program "Today".

In September 2020, Roker was diagnosed with prostate cancer.

Fariduddin Ganjshakar

Hazrat Sheikh Farīd-ud-dīn Mas'ūd Ganj Shakar (4 April, 1179 – 7 May, 1266), commonly known as Baba Farid "Ganjshakar" (Punjabi, lit: 'Treasury of Sugar/Sweetness'), was a renowned Sufi preacher, mystic poet and saint of the Chishti Order of South-central Asia.
Fariduddin Ganjshakar is generally recognized as the first major poet of the Punjabi language, and is considered one of the pivotal saints of the Punjab and indeed, one of the "Panj Peers", or five main/great saints of South Asia. Revered equally by Muslims and Hindus, he is also considered one of the fifteen Sikh "bhagats". Selections from his work are included in the Guru Granth Sahib, the Sikh holy scripture.

His world-famous shrine is located in Pakpattan, in present-day Punjab (Pakistan). It was built in 1267. Each year during the Islamic month of "Muharram", special festivities are held there and pilgrims from many countries come to visit.

Maurice LaMarche

Maurice LaMarche (born March 30, 1958) is a Canadian voice actor and stand-up comedian. He is best known for his voicework in "Futurama" as Kif Kroker, as Egon Spengler in "The Real Ghostbusters", Verminous Skumm and Duke Nukem in "Captain Planet and the Planeteers", Big Bob Pataki in "Hey Arnold!", Dizzy Devil in "Tiny Toon Adventures", The Brain in "Animaniacs" and "Pinky and The Brain", "The Powerpuff Girls", and his portrayal of Mr. Freeze in "".

LaMarche was born on March 30, 1958 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, but his family moved to Timmins, Ontario, very soon after he was born. LaMarche's childhood was filled with his "own little world of cartoons and sixties television".


Mount Conner

Mount Conner (also called Atila) is a mountain in central Australia. It is in the southwest corner of the Northern Territory, southeast of Lake Amadeus. It is above sea level and above the ground around it. The mountain was named by William Gosse in 1873 after South Australian politician Mountifort Longfield Conner. It can be seen from the road towards Uluṟu when coming from Alice Springs.

Mount Conner is a flat-topped inselberg, shaped like a horseshoe. The rock is sedimentary. Its layers were left behind when the area was an inland sea, during the Neoproterozoic era (1Ga to 542Ma). The rock of Mount Conner is 200 to 300 million years older than the rock of nearby Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa. The younger layers of sedimentary rock eroded over millions of years leaving the inselberg that is seen today.

The mountain is known as Atila (also sometimes spelled "Artila", "Atula", "Attila" or "Artilla") in the native Yankunytjatjara and Pitjantjatjara languages. The country around it is called Atilanya. It is associated with "Tjukurpa" (Dreaming) stories about the "" (means "ice people"; commonly spelled "ninya"). The "nyiṉya" are ancestral spirits who bring cold weather.

For the native Yankunytjatjara people, Mount Conner has long been associated with the Wanambi Dreaming. ' is a ancestral spirit who is said to live in the springs in and around the mountain. Legends relating to this Dreaming were recorded by Charles Mountford when he visited the area in 1940. He wrote that a very dangerous one was said to live in , a spring that used to exist halfway up the southern slopes. When the spring dried up, the men of Atilanya believed that the ' was stolen from them by the people to the south, who placed the spirit in a spring of their own country so that they would have more water.

About southwest of Mount Conner is another water source, a rock hole called (in English, "Aneri Well" or "Mount Conner Well"). Mountford camped there in 1940 on his way to Uluṟu, and recorded the name as "Anneri". He wrote that this was said to be the home of a harmless ' that had travelled north to Anari from the Musgrave Ranges. He also wrote about ceremonies relating to the ' being performed by the women here.

Mountford also recorded another legend associated with the mountain, of a fight between two boys who were hunting in the area. According to the legend, one of the boys discovered the spring at Anari by chance. He refused to tell the other boy where he had found water and, as a result, the second boy nearly died of thirst. They duelled together and slowly made their way to the top of the mountain, where they died. Their bodies are said to be preserved as boulders.

Anari was used as the site of the first homestead of Mount Conner Station. This is now abandoned, and the new homestead is located further north, on the Lasseter Highway. A track leads from here to the base of Mount Conner.

Mount Conner is made up of conglomerates, sandstones, siltstones and mudstones. The summit consists of coarse-grained sandstone with pebble layers and small beds of pebble conglomerate and siltstone. The rock that lies underneath this is composed of dark brown micaceous siltstone, mudstone, and fine-grained sandstone. The lower part of the mountain consists of medium to coarse-grained, grey-brown sandstones, dark-brown siltstones, and cherts. The sides of Mount Conner are also covered by scree (talus) and its top is covered with colluvium. The base of the mountain is surrounded by alluvium.

The summit of Mount Conner, along with the summits of Kata Tjuṯa and Uluṟu, is left over from the erosion of a layer of sediment from the Cretaceous period. It is considered to a classic example of an inselberg created by erosion of surrounding strata.


Crime in Afghanistan

Crime in Afghanistan happens in many ways. Some of the crimes are: corruption, contract killings or assassinations, kidnapping, drug trafficking, money laundering, black marketeering, and other ordinary crimes.

Growing Opium poppy and drug trafficking are important to the political and economic situation of Afghanistan. After the Soviet war in Afghanistan, growing opium poppy increased. Growing opium poppy was taxed. Some members of the military were directly involved in illegal drug trade. The Taliban did not want people to grow drugs. Because it made so much money they were tolerant and taxed the drug growing.

In 1999, Afghanistan made over 4,581 metric tons of raw and refined opium. This led to more international pressure from places the drugs were sold to. In response, the Taliban said no one could grow opium poppy. The did allow the opium trade to continue. With the ban the opium was reduced to 185 metric tons. This little production of opium continued in areas under the control of the United Islamic Front for the Salvation of Afghanistan.

Since the downfall of the Taliban in 2001, growing and trafficking of opium has increased significantly. Criminal organizations and corrupt government officials have used drug trafficking as a way to make money. Some anti-government groups make profit from the drug trafficking.

Afghanistan is world's largest producer of opium. In 2001, Afghanistan was the source of 87% of the world's illegal opium. 80-90% of the heroin consumed in Europe comes from opium made in Afghanistan. According to Antonio Maria Costa "drugs are now a clear and present danger" in Afghanistan. In 2007 the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime said 93% of the opiates on the world market came from Afghanistan.

Unemployment among a large portion of the population is part of the reason for crime. Other forms of crime include robbery as well as kidnappings and assault. Many riots have occurred in the country in response to the political and other issues.

Since the downfall of the Taliban, crime rate has greatly increased in the capital city Kabul. Armed robberies are reported in the western districts of Kabul. Between March 2002 and January 2003, 48 cases of homicide, 80 cases of theft and 12 cases of kidnappings were reported in Kabul municipal boundaries.

Crime in Armenia

Crime in Armenia includes human trafficking, domestic violence, murder, political murder, contract killing, tax evasion, corruption, extortion, money laundering, police brutality, organized crime, and clan or gang violence.

The quick change from a Communism system to a free market capitalist system destroyed the socioeconomic structure of Armenia. 

During the first ten months of 2008, crime in Armenia's capital Yerevan rose nearly 14 percent from the same period in 2007.

Organized crime is a part of the Armenian economy. In Yerevan there are organized, criminal clans known as "akhperutyuns" (or "brotherhoods"). The different groups sometimes battle for rights over their territory. Members are guided by the underworld laws brought from Russian prisons.

Most of the smaller cities, towns, and villages of Armenia are also controlled by a clan or family.

A "well-paid job" is very often the bait used to persuade women in difficult social situations to travel abroad. 

In July 2004, Russia’s Interior Minister Rashid Nurgaliev said that growing cooperation between Russian and Armenian law enforcement bodies has prevented more than one hundred Armenian women from being trafficked abroad for sexual exploitation. According to Nurgaliev, "criminal groups" which have been neutralized planned to transport the mostly young women to third countries, mainly the United Arab Emirates, via Russia. On June 24, 2004, members of a criminal group who were intent on forcing 6 Armenian women into prostitution were arrested.

On April 20, 2009, Anoush Martirosyan, the infamous "Madame Pimp" of Dubai, was sentenced to thirteen years in prison by a Yerevan judge. Martirosyan ran a prostitution ring in Dubai to which she lured girls from Armenia.

According to a 2008 study by Amnesty International, more than a quarter of women in Armenia "have faced physical violence at the hands of husbands or other family members." Reporting domestic violence is heavily stigmatized in Armenian society. Many of these women have no choice but to stay in abusive situations.

Crime in Bahrain

There is a low rate of crime in Bahrain. Some petty crime such as pickpocketing and bag snatching are reported especially in the old market areas (souks). Violent crime is uncommon, but increasing. Much of the crime in the nation is committed by the large South Asian population of guest workers. Though small in size, there is a growing underground drug market in the country. According to Emile Nakhleh, about 65% of violent crime and theft are done by foreign citizens living in Bahrain.

Charisse Tia Maria Coston and Freda Adler wrote a book about the reasons behind the low crime rate in Bahrain. The society of Bahrain follows the teachings of the Qur'an; the Qur'an influences political, economic and social environment. Islam, which is most important in the structure of Bahraini society, teaches wrongdoings will result in downfall of societies.

Bahrain is a destination country for men and women trafficked for the purposes of involuntary servitude and commercial sexual exploitation. Men and women from Africa, South Asia and Southeast Asia cine to Bahrain to work as laborers or domestic servants. Some are placed in involuntary servitude such as unlawful withholding of passports, restrictions on movements, non-payment of wages, threats and physical or sexual abuse. Women from Eastern Europe, Central Asia, Southeast Asian country like Thailand and North African nation like Morocco are trafficked to Bahrain for the purpose of commercial sexual exploitation.

Threat of terrorist attack is a matter of concern. The Government of Australia advised travelers "to exercise a high degree of caution in Bahrain" due to high threat of terrorism.

In the Corruption Perceptions Index 2007, Bahrain was ranked 46th out of 179 countries for corruption.

Glires

Glires (from Latin "glīrēs", dormice) is a clade (sometimes ranked as grandorder) consisting of rodents and lagomorphs (rabbits, hares, and pikas). This hypothesis that these form a monophyletic group has been long debated based on morphological evidence, although recent morphological studies strongly support monophyly of Glires.

Euarchonta

The Euarchonta are a grandorder of mammals containing four orders: the Dermoptera or colugos, the Scandentia or treeshrews, the extinct Plesiadapiformes, and the Primates.

Euarchonta and Glires together form the Euarchontoglires, one of the four Eutherian clades.

Crime in Bangladesh

Crime in Bangladesh includes many different crimes. Some of these crimes are done by an individual and some crimes are organized by a group. Examples of crime are: drug trafficking, money laundering, extortion, murder for hire, fraud, human trafficking, robbery, corruption, black market, political violence, terrorism, abduction, etc.

Bangladesh is used to move narcotics made in neighboring countries. A 2007 report said that Bangladesh is now the main point for the movement and trafficking of heroin from Southeast Asia to the European market .

A total of 10,331 homicides were reported from 2001 to 2003. This is a large increase.

For the Asia Pacific region, Bangladesh is ranked as one of the main countries for software piracy. It is believed that software vendors lose around 102 million US dollars every year to this black market trade. There is no strict law to stop this practice.

In 2011 Bangladesh was ranked 120th for corruption in a list of 182 countries. This means there appears to be a high amount of corruption in the country.

Babcock Street (MBTA station)

Babcock Street is a station on the MBTA Green Line "B" Branch located in Boston, Massachusetts. The station is located on Commonwealth Avenue at Babcock Street. Babcock Street consists of two side platforms which serve the "B" Branch's two tracks. Babcock street is 24 minutes away from Park Street.


Peshtigo fire

The setting of small fires was a common way to clear forest land for farming and railroad construction. On the day of the Peshtigo Fire, a cold front moved in from the west, bringing strong winds that fanned the fires out of control. A huge fire was started.

Crime in Belgium

Belgium is considered a mostly safe country compared to its neighbouring countries. Brussels had the fourth highest number of recorded crimes of European capitals (behind Stockholm, Amsterdam, and Berlin). Brussels had a rate of 10 murders or violent deaths per 100,000 citizens. Belgium's second largest city, Antwerp, has crime rates about 20% below those of Brussels. Liège and Charleroi, industrial cities with high unemployment rates, saw higher crime rates than the less industrialized cities of Ghent and Bruges. The rural areas are generally very safe.

Marc Dutroux did many serious crimes and is likely Belgium's worst criminal. He is in prison. 

In November 2005, Brussels was very minorly affected by the spread of the French riots. There has been a steep increase in violent armed robberies carried out by minors. Cybercrime is also growing.

In 2011, a man killed six people, then himself, in Liege.

In the 1990s and early 2000s, attacks were made on vans used to move. They often killed the security agents in charge. The country had several large-scale crime scandals, such as those of the Brabant Wallon killers, the Scarface gang and the Belgian Mafia. More recently, some scandals have been about corruption and misuse of public resources. In addition, petty crimes such as street thefts, purse snatchings, and pickpocketing are in the main city centers. There are not very many of these crimes. Car theft used to happen often. There have been less in the last decade.

The known groups in the mafia in Belgium are:

Richard Carmona

Richard Henry Carmona (born November 22, 1949) is an American physician, policeofficer, public healthadministrator, and politician. He was the 17th Surgeon General of the United States. Carmona was chosen as Surgeon General by President George W. Bush in 2002. He left office at the end of July 2006 at the end of his term. After leaving, Carmona was highly critical of the Bush administration.

In August 2006, Carmona returned home to Tucson, Arizona. In November 2011, he said he would try to become the Democratic Party's choice for United States Senate. He won the nomination, but lost the election to Jeff Flake.

Crime in Bhutan

Bhutan has a low crime rate. Petty crime is sometimes reported in the country. Violent crime is very uncommon. Some cases of drug abuse are reported. alcohol abuse is a problem. In general, drug trafficking is low. The most serious threat to Bhutan's security is terrorism by different groups from India who are staying in the nation.

In June 1999, television was introduced in the country. Bhutan was the last nation in the world to have television. Some people think the introduction of television did not fit with Bhutanese culture. They say it is a reason crime increased.

Violent crime is very low in Bhutan. Levels of theft are low. Petty crime like pickpocketing are sometimes reported in the country. Juvenile crime has increased. The highest rate of juvenile crime was reported in 2003 when 63 youths were convicted across the nation. Rape is not a large problem. In 1999 only 10 rapes were reported in Bhutan. Homicide rate is low. In 1998, homicide rate per 100,000 citizens was 2.78. Bhutan is a source and transit country for human trafficking. Women are trafficked from Bhutan to other countries for commercial sexual exploitation. 

The first case of corruption in Bhutan was reported on April 5, 2002. A man was charged with embezzlement. Four cases of white-collar crime and violent crime were reported in April 2003.

In 2011, Bhutan was ranked 38th out of 182 countries for corruption (least corrupt countries are at the top of the list). Its score was 5.7 with 10 being the highest possible.

Slight drug abuse has appeared in the country. Free trade with neighboring India and the refugees make Bhutan vulnerable to drug trafficking. Bhutan is close to certain areas in Nepal and North-East India where intravenous drug use is high. Because of this, Bhutan has had an increase in intravenous drug use. Marijuana, which grows as a shrub in Bhutan, was only used to feed pigs before the introduction of television. Hundreds have now been arrested for using marijuana. Use of amphetamines and benzodiazepines smuggled from India is rising in Thimpu and in the Southern Bhutan. Drug trafficking and production of opium, cannabis and other drugs is not a large problem in the country.

Alcohol consumption is the most serious addiction related problem in the nation. Alcohol abuse is reported in nearly 80% of domestic violence crimes.

In 2004, selling of tobacco products to Bhutanese citizens was outlawed in the country. This made Bhutan the first nation in the world to ban tobacco sales. Severe punishment was added for selling of tobacco. Karma Tshering of the Bhutanese Customs said, "If any foreigner is caught selling tobacco products to Bhutanese nationals, he will be charged with smuggling. Tobacco will be treated as contraband." However a black market in tobacco has grown in the country.

Many groups from India have set up training camps in the southern part of the country. The United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA), the National Democratic Front of Bodoland (NDFB) and the Bodo Liberation Tigers Force (BLTF) had bases in Bhutan in 2002. Terrorists were involved in murders, extortion and kidnappings. Bhutan told the terrorists they must leave the country by December 2001. In December 2003 there was a military campaign to remove these groups. Many terrorist camps were destroyed. It is thought that terrorists are trying to make retaliatory attacks against Bhutan. On September 5, 2004, a bomb exploded in Gelephu killing two people and injuring twenty seven. The NDFB was suspected behind the attack.


Crime in Brazil

Crime in Brazil has had an increase in violent and non-violent crimes. According to most sources, Brazil has high rates of violent crimes, such as murders and robberies. The homicide rate was getting smaller, but has started going back up from 2006 onwards. In 2010 it was above 25 homicides per 100,000 people. This makes is one of the 20 worst rates in the world.

Kidnappings do still happen. Increased police know-how has helped the problem. Prostitution "per se" is not a crime in Brazil, unlike procuring. The Government of Brazil has increased efforts to combat child prostitution and sex tourism. In 2010, there were 473,600 people in Brazilian prisons and jails. Drugs are responsible for 85,000 of the total.

It is believed that most life-threatening crime in Brazil is linked to drug trade and alcoholism. Brazil is a heavy importer of cocaine. It is part of the international drug route. Arms and marijuana used by criminals are mostly locally produced.

New laws have stricter punishment for domestic abuse and driving under the influence. Thousands of human trafficking and slavery cases are reported each year. These are usually connected to sugarcane plantations or, in the cities, illegal immigrants from Asia and the surrounding continent Crime rates change greatly across the country, with a higher amount in metropolitan suburbs and in border zones.

The crime of money laundering was introduced in 1998. The Internet is home to many Brazilian hackers. Online hate speech, heavily punished by Brazilian law, is difficult for officers to catch. Land crimes are a problem.

A continuing problem is the human rights violations during capture and custody of suspects. On the other hand, criminal charges have been described as very easy, allowing violent criminals an early return to society. The justice system is slow. This is largely because of loopholes that allow for numerous appeals. According to the U.S. Department of State, a majority of crimes are not solved.

Express kidnappings, where individuals are taken and forced to withdraw money from automated teller machines, are common in major cities including Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo, Brasília, Curitiba, Porto Alegre, Salvador and Recife. Petty crimes such as pickpocketing and bag snatching are common. Thieves work in outdoor markets, in hotels and on public transport.

Organized crime is a serious problem in Brazil. It is well established in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo. Organizations include: Comando Vermelho, Amigos dos Amigos, Terceiro Comando Puro, and Primeiro Comando da Capital. There are groups of punks and skinheads in São Paulo and Curitiba. The illegal drug trade is large. In 2021, at least 25 people were killed in a shootout between police and a gang of drug dealers.

Police brutality and corruption are widespread.

In some areas, current and former members of the police have formed vigilante gangs. These gangs say they are protecting people but are widely thought to be dangerous criminal gangs. They chase out or kill local drug dealers. They then use protection rackets and tax local businesses of all kinds. Rio de Janeiro "militias" have been responsible for murders of journalists and a judge. Areas under "militia" control tend to see a drop in murder rates but a rise in other forms of violent crime.

The National Public Security Force (NPSF) was started in June 2004 by the Ministry of Justice. They are to act in emergency situations. It brings together the best police states and the Federal Police.

BOPE ("Batalhão de Operações Policiais Especiais", or "Special Police Operations Battalion"), is the elite group of the Military Police. Their missions are: Break barricades made by drug traffickers; get out police officers or civilians injured in fighting; serve high-risk arrest warrants; hostage rescues; stop prison rebellions; and conduct special missions in rough terrain such as swamps or mountainous areas.. They chase out or kill local drug dealers

Crime in Bulgaria

Crime in Bulgaria has been frequent. 

In 2006 the European Commission made goals for Bulgaria to improve its fight against corruption and organised crime. In 2011 Bulgaria ranked 86th out of 182 countries on how corrupt they are thought to be. They scored a 3.3 with 10 the highest possible. 

Bulgaria is a source for women and children who are trafficked for prostitution. Men, women, and children are also used for forced labor.

Varna is known to be the main place for Bulgarian organized crime. Some parts of the economy, including gambling, corporate security, tourism, real estate, and professional sports, are believed to be controlled by these groups.

Surgeon General of the United States

The Surgeon General of the United States is in charge of the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps (PHSCC). They are the main spokesperson about things dealing with public health in the federal government. The Surgeon General's office and staff are known as the Office of the Surgeon General (OSG).

The Surgeon General is chosen by the U.S. President and confirmed by the Senate. The Surgeon General serves for a four-year period of time. The Surgeon General is either the highest ranking or second highest ranking uniformed officer of the PHSCC. This depends on if the current Assistant Secretary for Health is a PHSCC commissioned officer or not. The position has the grade of a three-star vice admiral .

Crocus

Crocus (plural: crocuses, croci) is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family comprising about 80 species of perennials growing from corms. Many are cultivated for their flowers appearing in autumn, winter, or spring. Crocuses are native to woodland, scrub and meadows from sea level to alpine tundra in central and southern Europe, North Africa and the Middle East, on the islands of the Aegean, and across Central Asia to western China.

Student's t-test

A t-test is a statistical hypothesis test. People use it when they want to compare a mean (average) of a measurement from one group A to some theoretical, expected value. People also use it when they want to compare the mean (average) of a measurement of two groups A and B. They want to decide if the mean in group A is different to the theoretical value or to the mean in group B.
For example, pretend there are two groups of people. One group exercises a lot and the other doesn't. Do the people who exercise tend to live longer than those who don't? Then the property of interest is the average life time. Is the average life time of people who exercise different to the average life time of people who don't? A t-test can help answer this question.
The t-test is used when the property's variance in the groups is unknown. When people want to do the t-test they have to calculate the variance from the sample (the collection of data). This calculated variance is almost always different to the true variance in the group. The t-test was created to care about this difference.

Pakpattan

Pakpattan (also called Pākpattan Sharīf) is a city in Punjab (Pakistan). It is the capital city of Pakpattan District. 

1790 United States census

The United States Census of 1790 was the first United States Census. It recorded the population of the United States as of August 2, 1790. In the First Census, the population of the United States was 3,929,214.

Data was collected from all thirteen states (Connecticut, Delaware, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, and Virginia), and districts and territories that would become Vermont, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Maine.

Both Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson and President George Washington didn't fully believe in the results. They believed that there were more people in the United States than what the census said. A reason why there may be more people would be because of the people living farther apart, bad roads that would go to where people may live, limited technology, and people simply not giving any information.

The records for many states were lost sometime between 1790 and 1830. Almost one third of the original census data have been lost or destroyed since the original census. These include some 1790 data from: Connecticut, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, and Vermont. The data can still be proven in many secondary sources about the first census.

Census data included the name of the head of the family. They put people into these categories: free white males at least 16 years old (to figure out the country's industrial and military potential), free white males under 16 years old, free white females, all other free persons (reported by sex and color), and slaves. The Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson told marshals to get data from all thirteen states (Connecticut, Delaware, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, and Virginia), and from the Southwest Territory.

17.8% of the people were slaves. This is the highest percentage of slaves in any American census.

1800 United States census

The United States Census of 1800 was the second Census in the United States. It was done on August 4, 1800.

It showed that 5,308,483 people were living in the United States. 893,602 were slaves. The 1800 Census included the new District of Columbia. The census for the following states were lost: Georgia, Kentucky, New Jersey, Tennessee, and Virginia.

1810 United States census

The United States Census of 1810 was the third Census in the United States. It was done on August 6, 1810. It showed that 7,239,881 people were living in the United States. 1,191,362 of the total were slaves.

The 1810 Census included one new state: Louisiana. The original census returns for the District of Columbia, Georgia, Mississippi, New Jersey, Ohio, and Tennessee were lost or destroyed over the years.

1820 United States census

The United States Census of 1820 was the fourth census in the United States. It was completed on August 7, 1820. The total population was found to be 9,638,453. 1,538,022 of the total were slaves. 


Mekan clan

The Maken are a caste, or clan of Jat origin and are claimed to ancest from Jats. They are mostly settled in the Sargodha District of the Punjab (Pakistan).
most of them are farmers and they are very hard worker. The actively take part in the local sports and are found to be very passionate reagrding Nezabazi and Falconry. Sardar Fateh Khan Maken has been a prominent player in Nezabazi for winning the Asian Championship. Numerous Makens have been a part of provincial politics alongside tribal politics, for example, Punjab. Sardar Asim Sher Maken has been serving as the district council chairman of Sargodha, who was previously the chairman of Kot Pehlwan union council. Sardar Muhammad Yousuf Maken from Wegowal always play a vital role in general elections. Chaudhary Salehon Maken Subedar has been chairman from Mandi Bahaudin multiple times. Sardar Sikandar Hayat Maken and Sardar Fateh Khan Maken have contested and won different elections for a provincial assembly seat. Chaudry Ghulam Mubashir Maken is serving SSP (DPO) D G Khan. Sardar Aamir Habib Ullah Maken Air Vice Marshal (General) in Pakistan Air Force. Sardar Mujahid Zafar Maken is serving Assistant commissioner Multan. A well known name in electrical distribution systems designing Engineer Hafiz Ghulam Muhammad (Designer of different sectors of DHA Multan, DHA Peshawar and DHA Quetta) also belongs to Maken family. Hammad Hassan Maken is a serving commander in Pakistan Navy. He was awarded Sitara-e-Basalat for successfully eliminating the terrorists from Pearl Continental Gawadar in a 25 hours operation.[https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/633763-president-confers-military-awards [2<nowiki>]</nowiki>]

Languages

1830 United States census

The United States Census of 1830 was the fifth Census in the United States. It was completed on June 1, 1830. It found the population of the 24 states to be 12,866,020. 2,009,043 of the total were slaves. 

The center of population was about 170 miles (274 km) west of Washington, D.C. in Grant County, Virginia.


1840 United States census

The United States Census of 1840 was the sixth census of the United States. It was completed on June 1, 1840. It found the population of the United States to be 17,069,453. This was an increase of 32.7 percent from the 1830 Census. The total population included 2,487,355 slaves. In 1840, the center of population was about 260 miles (418 km) west of Washington, D.C., near Weston, West Virginia.

1850 United States Census

The United States Census of 1850 was the seventh census of the United States. It was completed on June 1, 1850. It found the population of the United States to be 23,191,876. This was an increase of 35.9 percent from the 1840 Census. The total population included 3,204,313 slaves.

This was the first census where there was an attempt to collect information about every member of every household, including women, children, and slaves. It was also the first census to ask about place of birth.

Hinton Rowan Helper made use of the 1850 census results in his politically notorious book "The Impending Crisis of the South".

1860 United States Census

The United States Census of 1860 was the eighth Census in the United States. It was completed after November 1, 1860. It found the population to be 31,443,321. This was an increase of 35.4 percent from the 1850 Census. The total population included 3,953,761 slaves.

Talokar

Talokar is the name of a village in the Haripur District of Hazara, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (formerly North-West Frontier Province) in Pakistan. It is situated at Latitude 33.9852778 degrees; and Longitude 72.9419444 degrees. It is quite closely situated to Haripur town (approx 2 km) the local area headquarters. 

It was originally founded during the 12th or 13th century AD by the Talokar khoker Awan tribe. Since then, it has remained the principal seat of a "Jagir" estate during the British Raj, of a famous aristocratic family which also produced Khan Sahib Abdul Majid Khan Tarin, OBE, Jemadar Abdul Latif Khan Tarin IDSM, and others.

The approximate population of the main Talokar village at the time of the last major national census was about 4800-5000. and it is primarily an agrarian area. It is well known for its fine vegetables, wheat and maize crops and orchards of loquats, oranges and other fruits. Although the majority of the residents are engaged in farming activities, a fairly large number are also in government and military service and some few working in local industries or working abroad as immigrant labour.

The main tribes and ethnic groups include Gurjars, Maliars, Pathans, Syeds, Awans and some others. The principal families and landowners are still mostly Tarin/Tareen Pathans (Pashtuns). In terms of religious practices, the population is overwhelmingly Muslim, mostly of the Sunni Islamic persuasion. The main language spoken here are Hindko, Northern Punjabi language (Chhachi dialect) and some Pashto.

The general level of literacy/education is quite high by Pakistani standards, with schooling for both boys and girls available until high school level and an average literacy rate of 74%. For further education, most students go to colleges in Haripur town or nearby Abbottabad and some even as far as Peshawar, Islamabad and Rawalpindi.

Among popular pastimes here are sports such as Cricket, Football (soccer), Field hockey and Volleyball. Many people also engage in hunting, horse riding and the traditional martial art of Gatka.

Awan

Awan was the second daughter of Adam and Eve in the Abrahamic religions. Awan was also the sister-wife of Cain. Although Awan was first paired in a sibcestual pairing with Abel, after Abel was killed by her twin Cain, her marriage to him became a twincestual marriage.

Dervish

Dervish, Darvesh, or Darwīsh (from , "Darvīsh") in Islam is a type of Sufi. 

It is someone living a Sufi Muslim ascetic way or "Tariqah". They are poor, and live simply. In this respect, dervishes are most similar to mendicant friars in Christianity, or Hindu/Buddhist/Jain sadhus.

The whirling dance that is associated with dervishes is best known in the West by the performances of the Mevlevi order in Turkey. It is part of a ceremony known as the Sema. It is also done by other orders. The Sema is only one of many Sufi ceremonies performed to try to reach religious ecstasy ("majdhb", "fana"). 

The name "Mevlevi" comes from the Persian poet Rumi, who was a dervish himself. This practice, though not intended as entertainment, has become a tourist attraction in Turkey.

Hazara

The Hazara division is an administrative area of the present Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It includes the Haripur District, Abbottabad District, Mansehra District, Battagram District, Kohistan District and the Kala Dhaka former tribal enclave, now renamed as the Tor Ghar District. The native language spoken in the area is Hindko.

Don Dunstan

Donald Allan "Don" Dunstan AC, QC (21 September 1926 – 6 February 1999) was a South Australian politician. He was the leader of the state's Labor Party from 1967, and was Premier of South Australia between June 1967 and April 1968, and again between June 1970 and February 1979.
Dunstan was born in Fiji to a rich Australian couple. He moved to Adelaide when he was a teenager. He moved to go to school on a scholarship. He later studied law and arts at the University of Adelaide. 
He entered politics in 1953. He got a seat in the South Australian parliament at the age of 26. He became well known for his campaign against the death penalty during the 1950s, and his status in the Labor Party rose quickly. As a member of the opposition, he was able to get the parliament to pass changes to Aboriginal civil rights. He was also an important figure in his party's abandoning the White Australia Policy.

Dunstan was a socially progressive premier. His government recognised native title over Aboriginal lands, decriminalised (made legal) homosexuality, and abolished the death penalty. Appointed during his term were the first female judge, the first non-British governor, and later, the first indigenous governor. Dunstan also relaxed censorship and drinking laws in the state, created a ministry for the environment, and made laws against discrimination. His nine years in office during the 1970s are remembered as the "Dunstan Decade". However, there were also problems: the state's economic growth began to slow down, and led to major infrastructure plans being abandoned. Unemployment in South Australia began to rise, as well as rumours of corruption. Dunstan became strained after the death of his wife, and he suddenly resigned from the premiership in 1979 after collapsing from illness. He lived for another two decades, and remained very outspoken in public about social policies.


David Tonkin

Dr David Oliver Tonkin AO (20 July 1929 – 2 October 2000) was the 38th Premier of South Australia, from 18 September 1979 to 10 November 1982. He was elected to the South Australian parliament in the 1970 election. He became the state's leader of the Liberal Party in 1975. His party won the state elections in 1979, after Don Dunstan of the Labor Party had resigned as premier.

Tonkin's government focused on the economy while also continuing the socially progressive ideas of the previous government. He developed copper and uranium mining in the state, and made laws against discrimination. He also passed a land rights act through parliament that gave the Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara people ownership over most of their homeland in South Australia.

Tonkin's party ran for a second term in 1982, but was defeated by the Labor Party, which was led by John Bannon.

Kashan

Kashan is a city in Iran. It is near Isfahan, about from Tehran. The city is known for its textiles. In the Middle Ages, it was also known for ceramics. As of 2012, about 275,000 people live in the city, about 317,000 in its metropolitan area. The city is along the road from Qom to Kerman. Kashan is located at the edge of a desert, along the first oasis. The city has a desert climate, with hot summers, and cold winters.
There is a university in the city, which offers higher education in medicine.
Rose water is produced in the city.

In Natanz, about south of Kashan, there is an uranium enrichment plant. This plant uses gas centrifuges. It is part of the Iranian nuclear program.

Great Victoria Desert

The Great Victoria Desert is the largest desert in Australia. It consists of sand dunes, small sandhills, grassland plains, areas with closely packed pebbles (called desert pavement or gibber plains) and salt lakes. The desert is an Australian IBRA.

The desert covers a large area, about in the states of Western Australia and South Australia. The distance from east to west is about . It is very dry, getting only between and of rain each year. It is surrounded by other very dry areas including the Nullabor Plain to the south, the Gibson Desert to the north, Sturt's Stony Desert to the east. It was named by the explorer Ernest Giles in 1875, after Queen Victoria. Aboriginal people have lived in the desert for more than 24,000 years.

Between 1953 and 1957, the British government exploded nine atomic bombs in the Great Victoria Desert at Maralinga and Emu.

The area of the Great Victoria Desert is shared roughly equally by the states of South and Western Australia. It is north of the Nullarbor Plain and south of the Musgrave Ranges. The desert is bounded on the west by Laverton and the goldfields and to the east by Coober Pedy and the Stuart Highway.

The Great Victoria Desert can be very dry and sandy. However, plants and animals still live there. The plants are adapted to the dry, arid climate, otherwise they would not be able to survive. Wallabies, bandy snakes, lizards, kangaroos and many birds live in the Great Victoria Desert. These animals have also adapted to survive in extreme heat and extreme cold.

Natanz

Natanz is a city in the arid center of Iran. The city lies in an oasis in the desert. The city is located about southeast of Kashan. About 12,000 people live in the city. The city is well known for the pears grown there. There are shrines in the area, for example that of Abdas-Samad Esfahani. He was a Sufi who died in Natanz in 1299 CE. King Darius III was killed in the mountains near the city, about 330 BC. The village Abyaneh, near Natanz is a well-known holiday resort today. Before Ismail I made Twelver Islam the state religion, it was a center of Zoroastrianism. Zoroastrianism originated in Iran, around 1000 BC. 

Around east of Natanz, there is a mine for Fluorite and Baryte. Southeast of the city, there is an uranium enrichment plant which is part of Iran's nuclear programme.

Kings Canyon (Australia)

Kings Canyon is a canyon in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is part of Watarrka National Park, about southwest of Alice Springs. The walls of Kings Canyon are over 100 metres high, with Kings Creek at the bottom. The rock is sandstone. At the top of the gorge is a maze of weathered rock domes, a lot like those found in Purnululu.

Kings Canyon and the area around it is Aboriginal land. It is part of the Luritja people's traditional country, and title over the land was granted to them in July 2012. Before the arrival of Europeans in the region, the damp climate at the bottom of the gorge was an important refuge during droughts. Rock engravings at the base of the canyon date are many hundreds of years old. Many of them are sacred sites for Luritja and are closed to visitors. The name "Waṯarrka" refers to the area around the sacred Dreaming path that runs through the park; it comes from the Luritja name for the "Acacia ligulata" tree.


Kings Canyon

Kings Canyon may refer to:

Ollie

An Ollie is a basic skateboarding trick. It is when the person riding the board leaps into the air with the board still attached to their feet. No hands are used; the board is moved into the air by kicking the back of the board down so the front is raised. From there it uses a combination of grip and momentum to keep the board with the rider.

Madagascar (2005 movie)

Madagascar is a 2005 computer-animated movie made by Dreamworks. The story is about a group of animals from the zoo in Central Park, New York City. The main characters are Alex the Lion (Ben Stiller), Marty the Zebra (Chris Rock), Melman the Giraffe (David Schwimmer) and Gloria the Hippotamus (Jada Pinkett Smith). With the penguins Skipper (Thomas "Tom" McGrath), Private (Christopher Knights), Kowalski (Chris Miller) and Rico (John DiMaggio) also living in the zoo, they end up in Madagascar with King Julien (Sacha Baron Cohen), Maurice (Cedric the Entertainer) and Mort (Andy Richter). The movie has two sequels: and , as well as a Christmas special, a spinoff series, and the movie of the same name.

Alex the lion, Marty the zebra, Skipper the Adelie penguin, Private the Chinstrap penguin, Kowalski the Emperor penguin, Melman the giraffe and Gloria the hippopotamus become best friends and the Giant monster scare Fossas away in the movie.

A video game titled Madagascar, is an adaptation on the same name of the movie. Release in 2005 for
PlayStation 2, Xbox, Nintendo DS, GameCube, Game Boy Advance and Microsoft Windows.

Peter Griffin

Peter Griffin is an animated character in the television comedy "Family Guy". 

He is the husband of Lois Griffin. He has three children, Meg, Chris, and Stewie. His main friends are Glenn Quagmire, Cleveland Brown, and Joe Swanson. He is voiced by the shows creator, Seth MacFarlane, who also voices Stewie Griffin and the family's pet dog Brian. he has apered as han solo in the starwars parody he was born in mexico and has died 20 times he is from china 

He was a redesign of the protagonist, Larry, from Seth MacFarlane's animated short films he made a few years before Family Guy.

Peter used to work in a Toy factory, before it was shut down when the manager of the factory died. He then worked on a boat before he started working at "Pawtucket Patriot Brewery". 

Peter always believed his full name was Peter Löwenbräu Griffin, however, later in the show, he finds out his actual full name is Justin Peter Griffin, and that he was born in Mexico. He also used to believe that Francis Griffin was his father, however, when Peter visited his father on his deathbed, he and his mother would reveal that his real father is an Irishman called Mickey McFinnigan, whom his mother met while she was in Ireland.

A long-running joke in the show is his relationship with Ernie the Giant Chicken. When Ernie appeared, it was result in a long fight between the two, often taken up to five minutes and randomly happening in an episode.

Peter and Brian Griffin could be said to have originated as Larry and Steve respectively, with the two being introduced in the 1995 short film The Life of Larry, and elaborated and refined upon in Larry & Steve. 

H. Paul Varley

Herbert Paul Varley (February 8, 1931 – December 15, 2015) was an American academic, historian, author, and Japanologist. He was a professor at Columbia University and Sen Sōshitsu XV Professor of Japanese Cultural History at the University of Hawaii.

Varley's early work was influenced by Kan'ichi Asakawa at Yale University.

Among other interests, his research focused on the Kamakura period and Muromachi period in the history of Japan.

In an overview of writings by and about Varley, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 30+ works in 120+ publications in 6 languages and 8,200+ library holdings. 



Hansō Sōshitsu

, also known as , is the 15th in a series of Japanese tea masters of the Urasenke family.

Sen Sōshitsu is the name of the head ("iemoto") of the Urasenke school of the Japanese tea ceremony.

The first person in this line of the Sen family to use the name Sōshitsu was the youngest son of Sen Sōtan. He was a great-grandson of Sen Rikyū.


Sen Sōshitsu

Sen Sōshitsu is the name of the head ("iemoto") of one of the three schools of the Japanese tea ceremony



Brassica rapa

Brassica rapa L. (syn. Brassica campestris L.), commonly known as turnip, turnip rape, fast plants, field mustard, or turnip mustard, is a plant widely cultivated as a leaf vegetable (see mizuna and napa cabbage), a root vegetable (see turnip), and an oilseed (but not normally rapeseed oil, from a different "Brassica" species).

The oilseeds known as canola are sometimes particular varieties of "Brassica rapa" (termed Polish Canola) but mostly the related species "Brassica napus" and "Brassica juncea".

Energy transition

Energy transition () is the transition of Germany and several other countries to sustainable economies by means of renewable energy, energy efficiency and sustainable development. The final goal is the abolishment of nuclear, coal, and other non-renewable energy sources.

The key policy document outlining the "Energiewende" was published by the German government in September 2010, some six months before the Fukushima nuclear accident. Legislative support was passed in 2011. Important aspects include:


Sensō Sōshitsu

, also known as , is the 4th in a series of Japanese tea masters of the Urasenke family.

Senso Sōshitsu was first person in the Sen family to use the name "Sōshitsu". He was the youngest son of Sen Sōtan; and he was a great-grandson of Sen Rikyū.

Today, Sen Sōshitsu is the name of the head ("iemoto") of the Urasenke school of the Japanese tea ceremony. 


Metabolic rate

Metabolic rate is the rate of metabolism, the amount of energy used by an animal per unit of time. Basal metabolic rate (BMR) is the amount of energy used daily by animals at rest.

About 70% of a human's total energy use is due to the basal life processes within the organs of the body (see table). About 20% of one's energy use comes from physical activity and another 10% from the digestion of food after eating.

All of these processes require an intake of oxygen to provide energy for survival, usually from macronutrients like carbohydrates, fats, and proteins. The Krebs cycle produces energy-rich ATP molecules, and gives off carbon dioxide.

Basal metabolism is usually by far the largest component of total energy used. The release, and using, of energy in this state is sufficient only for the functioning of the vital organs, the heart, lungs, nervous system, kidneys, liver, intestine, sex organs, muscles, and skin.

For the BMR, most of the energy is taken in keeping fluid levels up in tissues by osmosis, and only about one-tenth is used for mechanical work, such as digestion, heartbeat, and breathing.

What enables the Krebs cycle to perform metabolic changes to fats, carbohydrates, and proteins is energy, which can be defined as the ability or capacity to do work.

The breakdown of large molecules into smaller molecules – with release of energy – is catabolism. The breakdown of proteins into amino acids is an example of catabolism. Body heat in warm-blooded animals is produced by chemical reactions of the catabolic type.

The building up process is termed anabolism. The formation of proteins from amino acids is an anabolic process.

Adenosine triphosphate (ATP) is the intermediate molecule that drives the transfer of energy used in muscle contraction. ATP is a high energy molecule because it stores large amounts of energy in the chemical bonds of the two terminal phosphate groups. The breaking of these chemical bonds in the Krebs cycle provides the energy needed for muscular contraction.

The metabolic rate varies between individuals. One study of 150 adults representative of the population in Scotland reported basal metabolic rates from as low as 1027 kcal per day (4301 kJ) to as high as 2499 kcal (10455 kJ). The average was 1500 kcal (6279 kJ) per day.

The researchers calculated that 62.3% of this variation was explained by differences in the mass (weight) minus the fat reserves. Other factors were the amount of fat (6.7%), age (1.7%), and experimental error including within-subject difference (2%). The rest of the variation (26.7%) was unexplained.

So there are differences in BMR even when comparing two subjects with "the same" lean body mass. The top 5% of people are metabolizing energy 28-32% faster than individuals with the lowest 5% BMR. For instance, one study reported an extreme case where two individuals with the same lean body mass of 43 kg had BMRs of 1075 kcal/day (4.5 MJ) and 1790 kcal/day (7.5 MJ). This difference of 715 kcal (67%) is equivalent to one of the individuals completing a 10 kilometer run every day.

Metabolic rates vary according to animal size, and this has been discussed for over a century.

The graphs show that :

Kashgar

Kashgar or Kashi is an oasis county-level city with about 350,000 residents in the province of Xinjiang in the the far west of China, near the border with Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan. Kashgar is the administrative centre of Kashgar Prefecture of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region which has a population of approximately 4 million. The city's urban area covers , though its administrative area extends for .

Kashgar was the meeting point for the southern and northern ancient Silk Routes for 2000 years because of its situation. The Taklamakan Desert is to the east of the city while westwards are the high mountains of Pamir so camels must be exchanged for yaks (or vice versa). Kashgar remains very much a predominantly Uighur city; its market called Sunday Bazaar is resorted to by merchants from nearby countries such as Kazakhstan, Tadjikistan, and Kirghizistan and is reputed the largest in Central Asia.


Conrad Vernon

Conrad Vernon (born July 11, 1968) is an American movie director, screenwriter, producer, voice actor and comedian. He is best known for his work in DreamWorks and Blue Sky Animation animated movies. These include "Shrek 2", "Monsters vs. Aliens" and especially "".

Vernon was born and raised in Lubbock, Texas. He studied at CalArts. Vernon worked as a storyboard artist in Ralph Bakshi's "Cool World", "2 Stupid Dogs", "Rocko's Modern Life", "Nightmare Ted" and "Morto the Magician". Vernon joined DreamWorks in 1996 and worked as a storyboard artist again in "Antz". After the success of "Antz", he became one of the writers for "Shrek", where he also made the voice of Gingerbread Man. He also appeared in "Shrek 4-D" and "Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas". Conrad also worked in "Shrek 2", which was his first work as a director. The movie was nominated for an Academy Award. Later, he created the voice of Mason the chimpanzee in the popular DreamWorks movies "Madagascar", "", "" and the The Maggie and the Ferocious Beast Movie. He also co-directed the third "Madagascar" movie. Vernon also wrote the original story and directed "Monsters vs. Aliens", where he also created the voice of Insectosaurus. He also produced "The Annoying Orange and Gumball" TV series.

Programming paradigm

Programming paradigms are a way of grouping programming languages by what they do. Languages can be in more than one paradigm.

Some paradigms look at the way the code is run, such as allowing side effects, or having to do things in a certain order. Other paradigms look at the way that code is grouped, such as putting code into one or two pieces (or instead, many small pieces). Some other paradigms look at the order and pieces that make the program the way it is.

There are two main groups of paradigms, imperative and declarative. A language can be both at the same time.

In imperative programs, programmers give the computer a set of ordered steps that need to be done in order to do something. If someone wanted the computer to draw a cat face, they might give directions like "Draw a circle here, draw two smaller circles there, draw two triangles on top" and so on. Imperative programs sometimes have a lot of side effects.

There are two major imperative paradigms, and a lot of the time a language will have both:


In declarative paradigms, the programmer tells the computer what to do instead of how to do it. If they wanted the computer to draw a cat face, they might give directions like "Draw a face, draw two eyes, two ears, and a mouth".

The most well-known declarative paradigms are:


Some paradigms can be found in both imperative "and" declarative languages. These paradigms are usually found with one of the above paradigms instead of going on their own.


Programming languages are grouped by paradigms in the same way that machines might be grouped by what they're used for.

A few languages fit in just one main paradigm, such as:


Most languages, though, are in more than one paradigm. Some of the ones that stand out for having more than just one are:


Having more paradigms is not always good. One time that having fewer paradigms can be a good thing is when there is a language that is only functional. A function in one of these languages sometimes does less work (like only going over the parts of a group of things it actually needs to) than it might have to if the language was also procedural.

Many programming paradigms are as well known for the things they "do not" let people do as for those they "do" let people do. One time where this is true is functional languages. When a functional language is "only" or "mostly" functional, it usually will not allow side-effects. Another time where this is true is structured programming: it is different from normal imperative languages because it does not let programmers use "goto statements" (statements telling the program to go to an earlier step). Because of this and other reasons, people sometimes think new paradigms do not allow enough things. It is sometimes okay for the computer to not let people do things, though: it can help people avoid problems with their code, and let the computer make guesses that so it can run code faster, or even check code for problems before the code runs!

Some people who study programming languages do not like that paradigms are used to group programming languages, such as Harper and Krishnamurthi. Those people say that a lot of programming languages can't just be grouped into paradigms because languages borrow things and ideas from lots of paradigms.

New paradigms have been created over time, and people either pointed them out at the time, or when looking back. One of the first paradigms that was recognized as a new way of programming was structured programming from the 1960s. The idea of a "programming paradigm" is from 1978 if not earlier, when Robert W. Floyd used it while teaching. The word "paradigm" in the way Robert meant it was first used by Thomas Kuhn in his book, "The Structure of Scientific Revolutions" (1962).

The lowest-level (closest to how the computer likes to understand things) and oldest programming paradigm is machine code, an imperative paradigm. The directions in machine code are just a set of numbers in a certain order. Assembly language is a little bit less low-level (and a little bit less old). In assembly language, the directions for the computer are given mnemonics (easier-to-remember names), and memory addresses (directions to find a piece of information in the computer) can be given names. These are sometimes called first- and second-generation languages.

In the 1960s, assembly languages were made better by adding new things like library COPY, macros (bits of "special" code that got transformed to normal code before the program started running), running procedures (sets of directions given a name and saved for later), and variables (items given names and saved for later) from outside the program. This let people use some code in more than one project, and not have to worry about with hardware-specific problems (problems that only happen one one kind of computer) thanks to commands (names for directions) like READ/WRITE/GET/PUT.

Assembly was, and sometimes still is, used in systems where it is important for the code to be fast, and it is also used a lot in embedded systems because lets the user have exact control of what the machine does.

In the very late 1960s, people started inventing procedural languages. These third-generation languages (the first few of what we now call high-level languages) had words related to what they were trying to solve. For example,

After many people had started using procedural languages, they invented object-oriented programming languages. In these languages, data and its "methods" (ways of manipulating the data) are put in one "object". Some programmers, such as Richard Stallman, do not agree that object-oriented languages are better for explaining ideas to a computer than procedural languages.

Because object-oriented programming is a paradigm, not a language, people have made object oriented assembly languages like HLA (High Level Assembly).

At the same time, some people were making declarative programming languages. A language that is well known for being declarative is SQL (a language for adding and removing things from tables).



Qadiri

The Qadiri or Qadiriyya "tarika" or "tariqah" (Way/Path) is one of the major Sufi orders or schools. It was founded by Hazrat Sheikh Abd al-Qadir al-Gillani a Sufi sage and holy man in Baghdad. 

Suhrawardi

The Suhrawardi or Suhrawardiyya "tarika" (Way/Path) is one of the main Sufi orders or schools. It was founded by the Sufi sage Shahab-ud-din Suhrawardi.

Naqshbandi

The Naqshbandi or Naqshbandiyya "tarika" (Way/Path/School) of Sufism is a mystic order founded by the Sufi sage, Baha-ud-din Naqshband.

Mevlevi

The Mevlevi or Mevleviyya order (whirling dervishes) is a school ("tarika") of Sufism was founded by Hazrat Sheikh "Mevlana" Jalal-ud-din Rumi. He was also sometimes known as Jalal-ud-din Balkhi as he came from Balkh, Afghanistan, and settled in Konya, (modern Turkey). This order is also called the 'Order of the Whirling Dervishes' because of the famous "sema" whirling/dancing ritual that they practice. 

1870 United States Census

The United States Census of 1870 was the ninth United States Census. It was done by the Census Bureau in June 1870. The 1870 Census was the first census to give detailed information on the black population. The population was 38,555,983 individuals. This was a 22.62% increase since 1860. 

1880 United States Census

The United States Census of 1880 was the tenth United States Census. It was done by the Census Bureau during June 1880. It was the first time that women were allowed to be enumerators. The Superintendent of the Census was Francis Amasa Walker.

The 1880 census found the population of the United States to be 50,189,209. This was an increase of 30.2 percent from the 1870 Census.

Frank Yamma

Frank Yamma (born 1960s) is an indigenous Australian musician. He writes and sings songs in both English and Pitjantjatjara, and plays them in a mix of country and folk music. He plays guitar, usually an acoustic. He is often classified as a world musician, mixing styles from many different cultures, including traditional indigenous elements. Yamma's music is about the outback, the history of his homeland and the issues faced by his community.

Frank belongs to the Pitjantjatjara nation. He was born at a waterhole near Kaltukatjara, in the Northern Territory. He has seven older brothers. Frank's father was Isaac Yamma, a country singer who was one of the earliest musicians in Australia to become well known singing Western-style songs in a native language. Frank grew up in Alice Springs and played in a band with his brothers from an early age.

As a teenager, Frank would often play in his father's band, the Pitjantjatjara Country Band. In 1988, he played with them at the Festival of Aboriginal Rock in Darwin. He performed his own music for the first time at another festival in Darwin later that year, playing with an acoustic guitar. His biggest hit, though, was "Make More Spear", written by his father. He played it again at the Port Fairy Folk Festival in Victoria later in the year. In 1989, Yamma recorded an album with a project called "Ulpanyali", released through the Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association (CAAMA). The song "History" was the biggest success and was later included in CAAMA's 25-year anniversary compilation album.

Frank's father died in 1990. In that year, he began playing in a band called the Secret Admirers, put together by Bill Davis. They travelled and played around the Northern Territory. They played at the Barunga Festival in Darwin in 1992. In 1995, he recorded songs with Bart Willoughby, Warren Williams and Tiddas. His solo song "Everybody's Talking" was recorded in Sydney for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. In 1997, Yamma recorded an album with a project called "Terrasphere". He also released his first short solo album, "Solid Eagle". Both albums were released through CAAMA.

During the late 1990s, Frank began playing songs with David Bridie, and formed a new project called Digital Dreaming with Jim Lampi, Simon MacDonald and Zeus B. Held. The band produced the album "Inma Wiru" in January 1998. In 1999, Yamma formed the band Piranpa. The name means "white" in Pitjantjatjara, which is a reference to the fact that all the other band members are "whitefellas". They released the album "Playing with Fire" later in the same year. It included their version of Frank's song "Everybody's Talking". "Playing with Fire" won the "album of the year" award at the Indigenous Music Awards in 1999. It also won an award at that year's Deadlys. In the 2000 Summer Olympics, Yamma performed songs from the album as part of the torch events at Uluṟu. The song "Everybody's Talking" was included on the Games' official soundtrack.

Frank recorded a new version of his song "Coolibah" in 2001. It was produced by Bridie for the "Corroboration" compilation. It was a slowed-down version of Frank's original recording. The song is about the problems of alcoholism in Aboriginal communities, and is one of Yamma's most well-known songs. In the middle of 2001, Yamma went overseas to the United States and played solo in several major cities. He returned to Australia to play at the Yeperenye Festival in September 2001.

Yamma currently performs mainly solo or with Bridie. They won an AGSC Screen Music Award together in 2005 for the song "Pitjantjara", which was produced for a television mini-series, "The Alice". Yamma released his second solo album, "Countryman", in 2010.


"Countryman" (2010) - Wantok Music 




1890 United States Census

The Eleventh United States Census was taken June 2, 1890. The total population was found to be 62,947,714. Most of the 1890 census materials were destroyed in a 1921 fire.

The data was tabulated by machine for the first time. Herman Hollerith invented this way of tabulating data. This technology made the time to tabulate the census change from eight years for the 1880 census to one year for the 1890 census.

It showed a total of 248,253 Native Americans living in America, down from 400,764 Native Americans in the 1850 census.

The 1890 census said that the frontier part of the United States no longer existed,

Platonic

Platonic may refer to:

1900 United States Census

The Twelfth United States Census was done by the Census Office on June 1, 1900. It found the population of the United States to be 76,212,168. This was an increase of 21.0 percent from the 1890 Census.


Chishti

The Chishtī Order or Chishtiyya 'is a Sufi order or school within the mystic tradition of Islam. It began in Chisht, a small town near Herat, Afghanistan in about 930 AD. The Order is known for its emphasis on love, tolerance, and openness.

The order was founded by Abu Ishaq Shami ("the Syrian") who taught Sufism in the town of Chisht, some 95 miles east of Herat in present-day western Afghanistan.

The Chishti Order is mostly followed in Afghanistan and South Asia. It was the first of the four main Sufi orders (Chishti, Qadiriyya, Suhrawardiyya and Naqshbandi) to be established in this region. Moin-ud-din Chishti was a medieval saint who first introduced the Chishti Order in Lahore (Punjab) and Ajmer (Rajasthan), in the early or middle of the 12th century AD. From these places it spread out throughout medieval India. There are now several branches of the order, which has been the most prominent South Asian Sufi brotherhood since that time. Chapters and branches are also found as far as Europe, North America and Australia, introduced there by immigrants from present India and Pakistan.

1910 United States Census

The Thirteenth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau on April 15, 1910. It found the population of the United States to be 92,228,496. This was an increase of 21.0 percent from the 1900 Census.


1920 United States Census

The Fourteenth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau in January 1920. It found the population of the United States to be 106,021,537. This was an increase of 15.0 percent from the 1910 Census.

1930 United States Census

The Fifteenth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau in April 1930. It found the population of the United States to be 122,775,046. It was an increase of 13.7 from the 1920 Census.

1940 United States Census

The Sixteenth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau. It found the population of the United States to be 132,164,569. This was an increase of 7.3 percent from the 1930 population. The census date of record was April 1, 1940.

A number of new questions were asked. These included where people were 5 years before, highest level of education, and information about wages.

Moin-ud-din Chishti

Hazrat Sheikh Khwaja Moin-ud-din Chishti Ajmeri, was born in 1141 and died in 1236 AD. He is also known as "Khwaja Muinuddin Chisti" and "Gharīb Nawāz"" (Benefactor of the Poor). "He is the most famous Sufi saint of the Chishti order of South Asia. Moinuddin Chishti is believed to have introduced and established this Order in India. His shrine is at Ajmer, Rajasthan, India.

The main beliefs of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti were achieving oneness with Allah, devotion to the Divine, leading a pure life, showing compassion and charity for the helpless and poor.

David Lean

Sir David Lean (1908–1991) was a British movie director. He was born in Croydon, Surrey. He directed "Dr Zhivago", "Lawrence of Arabia" and "The Bridge on the River Kwai". He died in Limehouse, east London.

Isaac Yamma

Isaac Yamma (1940 – January 1990) was a country singer from central Australia. He was one of the earliest musicians in Australia to become well known singing Western-style songs in an indigenous language. Isaac was a Pitjantjatjara man who was born by a waterhole near Docker River. He started his musical career as a member of a band called Areyonga Desert Tigers. He later formed his own band, the Pitjantjatjara Country Band. It was made up of his sons Hector, Frank, Peter and Paul and his cousin Russell Yamma. His song were mostly sung in Pitjantjatjara.



Bicentenaria

Bicentenaria is a genus of carnivorous coelurosaurian theropods which lived during the early Upper Cretaceous (about 90 million years ago) in what is now Argentina. It contains only the type species, "Bicentenaria argentina". Estimates suggest that it was in length. This name was first reported in June 2012.

The small carnivore is an early relative of the much later giant "Tyrannosaurus".

Elasticity of substitution

Elasticity of substitution is a measure of how easily something is able to be substituted with something else. It is often used in marketing and economics. A product has a low elasticity if it is unable to raise its price because similar products (substitutes) are available. A product that is unique is able to charge higher prices because there are not as many choices. For example, in a fish market, there are many fishermen selling many fish. The price is not elastic because there is competition between many suppliers of fish.

Suicide Silence

Suicide Silence is an American deathcore band from Riverside, California. Suicide Silence has four members in the band; the current band members are Chris Garza, Mark Heylmun, Alex Lopez and Dan Kenny. 

The band was formed in 2002. They released a self-title EP on September 30, 2005 and released their debut album ""The Cleansing"" on September 18, 2007. The band won the Revolver Golden God award for "Best New Talent" in 2009.

On November 1, 2012, the Orange County Coroners Office said that lead singer Mitch Lucker had died from injuries that were caused by a motorcycle accident. In 2013, the band said that Hernan "Eddie" Hermida would become the lead singer for the band. Hermida was the vocalist for All Shall Perish before he joined Suicide Silence.



So far, Suicide Silence have released 5 albums:



Kirklees

Kirklees is a part of West Yorkshire in Northern England. Huddersfield is the largest place.

Helen Hardacre

Helen Hardacre (born May 20, 1949) is an American academic and Japanologist. At Harvard University, she is the Reischauer Professor of Japanese Religions and Society.

Hardacre is the daughter of British historian Paul H. Hardacre. 

Her research was supported by a Gugghenheim fellowship.

Hardacre was Director of the Edwin O. Reischauer Institute of Japanese Studies from 1995 through 1998. 

Her research interests focused on religion in Japan and the history of Japan.

In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about Helen Hardacre, OCLC/WorldCat encompasses roughly 30+ works in 80+ publications in 3 languages and 5,000+ library holdings



Shandy

Shandy is a drink made of beer and something else, usually soda or lemonade. It is like a cocktail with beer instead of spirits.

Tjunkaya Tapaya

Tjunkaya Tapaya (born 1947) is an Aboriginal Australian artist. She is most recognised for her batik work, and is one of the most well-known batik artists in Australia. Her works also include acrylic paintings, weaving, ceramics, wood carving and printmaking. Most of Tapaya's paintings depict places and events from her family's dreaming stories. Her batik work is of the classic Ernabella style, which eschews the Indonesian use of repeated block printed designs in favour of hand-drawn freehand designs or "walka". These "walka" are pure design and do not refer to, or contain reference to, dreamings or "tjukurpa".

Tjunkaya is a member of the Pitjantjatjara people. She was born in the desert in the far northwest of South Australia. Her mother had walked from Walytjitjata, in the Northern Territory, and arrived at Ernabella Mission at Pukatja or Ernabella shortly after Tjunkaya's birth. Ernabella was run by missionaries at the time, and Tjunkaya grew up there. The craft room at Ernabella Mission was established in 1948 and nurtured the artistic talents of Tjunkaya and other children and adults living on the Mission. The craft room taught spinning and weaving originally but later added batik and painting to its activities, and later still became a professionally run Aboriginal-owned incorporated arts enterprise known as Ernabella Arts after the Mission was closed and the land returned to its traditional Pitjantjatjara owners. 

Like most early artists in her community, Tjunkaya's original style came from "milpatjunanyi" – an ancient Western Desert practice of drawing in the sand to tell stories to children. This is the basis of the classic Ernabella "walka".

Ernabella women began to be taught batik making in 1971. In 1974, Ernabella Arts sent Tjunkaya to Yogyakarta with several other Pitjantjatjara women to learn more about making batik from Indonesian artists.

Tjunkaya's work has been shown in several exhibitions in Australia, Europe, North America and Southeast Asia. Tapaya has work in the National Gallery of Victoria, the State Library of South Australia, the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art, the National Gallery of Australia, the National Museum of Australia, and the British Museum.

1968 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1968 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1968, and lasted until November 30, 1968. These dates are conventionally the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin.

Three storms formed in June, making it one of the most active Junes on record. The early part of the season had the most activity, and the season ended quietly compared to the beginning. There were eight named storms, and no major hurricanes. This shows that early season activity has no indication on the entire season. Hurricane Gladys was the costliest storm of the season, causing more than $6 million (1968 USD) in damage as it moved northward through Florida, Cuba, and North Carolina.

The following names were used for named storms (tropical storms and hurricanes) that formed in the North Atlantic in 1968.

The list is mostly the same as the 1964 season, save for Candy, Dolly, Edna, Frances, Hannah, and Ingrid, which replaced Cleo, Dora, Ethel, Florence, Hilda, and Isbell (although Ethel, Florence, and Isbell were not retired). A storm was named Candy for the first time in 1968. Names that were not assigned are marked in .

No names were retired this season. However, the name Edna was later retroactively retired because of the Hurricane Edna of the 1954 season, and has not been used since.



Basil Hall Chamberlain

Basil Hall Chamberlain (18 October 1850 – 15 February 1935) was a British academic, editor, translator, and Japanologist. 

Chamberlain is best known as the author of "Things Japanese", which was first published in 1890.

Along with Ernest Mason Satow and William George Aston, Chamberlain was one of three major British Japanologists during the 19th century.

Chamberlain taught at the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in Tokyo from 1874 to 1882. 

He was a professor of Japanese language at Tokyo Imperial University from 1886 to 1911.

In an overview of writings by and about Chamberlain, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 320+ works in 860+ publications in 6 languages and 6,100+ library holdings . 



The Gherkin

30 St Mary Axe is a skyscraper in London's financial district, the City of London. It was formerly named the Swiss Re Building, after Swiss Reinsurance Company. The tower is also known as "The Gherkin". The building was finished in December 2003. It was opened at the end of May 2004. Swiss Re Tower has 41 floors. The tower is tall. It is on the site of the former Baltic Exchange, which was badly damaged in 1992 by the explosion of a bomb by the Provisional IRA.

30 St Mary Axe was designed by Norman Foster and Arup engineers. It was built by Skanska in 2001–2003.

The building has become an iconic symbol of London. It is one of the city's most well known examples of modern architecture.

Pancho Villa

José Doroteo Arango Arámbula (5 June 1878 – 20 July 1923), better known by his nickname Pancho Villa, was a Mexican revolutionary leader who advocated for the poor and wanted agrarian reform. Though he was a killer, a bandit, and a revolutionary leader, many remember him as a folk hero. Pancho Villa was also responsible for a raid on Columbus, New Mexico in 1916, which was the first attack on U.S. soil since 1812. "Pancho" was a revolutionary advocate for the less fortunate.

Villa died in a car crash coming back from a political meeting. He was 45 years old. It is said that his political rival was in charge of crashing the car. He was in a Ford Model 1 when he died. It was dark and he only had 3 bodyguards in the moment.

Order of the Rising Sun

The is a Japanese government honor established in 1875 by Emperor Meiji. The Order was the first national decoration awarded by the Japanese Government, It was created on April 10, 1875 by decree of the Council of State.

The modern version of this honor has been given to non-Japanese recipients beginning in 1981.

The awarding of the Order is administered by the Decoration Bureau of Office of the Prime Minister. It is awarded in the name of the Emperor.

The Order was awarded in nine classes until 2003. Since then, it has been awarded in seven classes.








In 2003, this grade of the Order was abolished.

In 2003, this grade of the Order was abolished.




Marina City

The Marina City was designed in 1959 by architect Bertrand Goldberg and was finished in 1964 at a cost of $36 million to a large extent by the union of building janitors and elevator operators, who wanted to reverse the pattern of white flight from the city's downtown area.

When it was finished, the two towers were both the tallest residential buildings and the tallest reinforced concrete structures in the world. The complex was built as a city within a city, featuring numerous on-site facilities including a theatre, gym, swimming pool, ice rink, bowling alley, several stores, restaurants, and a marina.


Raul Julia

Raúl Rafael Juliá y Arcelay (March 9, 1940 – October 24, 1994) was a Puerto Rican movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor who is known for his role as Gomez Addams in "The Addams Family" and in "Addams Family Values". He won an Golden Globe Award and an Screen Actors Guild Award in 1994 and an Emmy Award in 1995.

Juliá was born on March 9, 1940 in San Juan, Puerto Rico. He was raised in New York City, New York. He studied at Fordham University and at Colegio San Ignacio de Loyola. 

Juliá was married to Magda Vasallo from 1965 until they divorced in 1969. Then he was married to Merel Poloway from 1976 until his death in 1994. Juliá died on October 24, 1994 from stomach cancer and from a stroke in Manhasset, New York, aged 54.


Shelley Berman

Sheldon Leonard "Shelley" Berman (February 3, 1925 – September 1, 2017) was an American comedian, movie, television, stage, radio, voice actor, writer, teacher, screenwriter, educator, and poet who is known for his roles in "The Steve Allen Show" and in "Divorce American Style". He won a Grammy Award.

Berman was of Jewish descent. He was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois on February 3, 1925. He studied at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago. He was married to Sarah Herman since 1947. They had two adopted children, one who died from a brian tumor. 

Berman won the first Grammy Award for a spoken comedy recording. The first standup comedian to perform at Carnegie Hall, Berman appeared on numerous television specials and all of the major variety shows of the day.

Berman died of complications from Alzheimer's disease on September 1, 2017 at his home in Bell Canyon, California at the age of 92.



Ole Kirk Christiansen

Ole Kirk Christiansen (7 April 1891 – 11 March 1958) was the founder of Lego in 1949.

Christiansen was born on 7 April 1891 in Filskov, Denmark. He first worked as a carpenter and later started creating unsuccessful toys for kids in Denmark after his wife's death and had to raise four of his children on his own. He was working as a carpenter until creating Lego in 1949. Christiansen died on 11 March 1958 from a heart attack, aged 66.


Beau Bridges

Lloyd Vernet "Beau" Bridges III (born December 9, 1941) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor and movie director who is known for his role as Frank Baker in "The Fabulous Baker Boys". He has won two Emmy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards.

Bridges was born on December 9, 1941 in Los Angeles, California to Lloyd Bridges and to Dorothy Simpson. He studied at the University of Hawaii and the University of California, Los Angeles. Bridges was married to Julie Landfield from 1964 until they divorced in 1974. Then he was married to Wendy Treece since 1984. He has 2 children with Landfield and 3 with Treece. His brother is actor Jeff Bridges.


Fred Haise

Fred Wallace Haise, Jr. (born November 14, 1933) is an American engineer and former NASA astronaut. He is one of only 24 humans to have flown to the Moon. Having flown on Apollo 13, Haise was to be the sixth human to walk on the Moon, but the mission did not land due to a failure aboard the spacecraft. He was born on November 14, 1933 in Biloxi, Mississippi.


Gurdjieff

George Ivanovich Gurdjieff (13 January 1866 – 29 October 1949), usually called Gurdjieff, was a Greek- Armenian guru and writer. He was an influential spiritual teacher of the first half of the 20th century. He was influenced by Sufi, Zen and Yoga mystics he met on his early travels.

Gurdjieff taught that most people live their entire lives in a state of hypnotic "waking sleep":

Gurdjieff developed a method for working towards a higher state of consciousness and achieving full human potential. He called this 
"The Work" or "The Method".

Gurdjieff's method for awakening one's consciousness is different from that of the fakir, monk or yogi, so his discipline was called originally the "Fourth Way".

At different times in his life, Gurdjieff started and closed various schools around the world to teach the work. He said that the teachings he brought to the West came from his own experiences and early travels. The teachings expressed the truth found in ancient religions. They were wisdom teachings relating to self-awareness in people's daily lives, and humanity's place in the universe.



There is a 1979 British film, "Meetings with Remarkable Men", directed by Peter Brook. It is based on the book of the same name by Gurdjieff. It was shot on location in Afghanistan (except for dance sequences, which were filmed in England). It starred Terence Stamp as Prince Lubovedsky, and Dragan Maksimovic as the adult Gurdjieff. The film was entered into the 29th Berlin International Film Festival and nominated for the Golden Bear prize.


James Brady

James Scott "Jim" Brady (August 29, 1940 – August 4, 2014) was an American journalist, politician, and activist. He was an assistant to the President and White House Press Secretary under U.S. President Ronald Reagan. 

Brady was born in Centralia, Illinois on August 29, 1940 to Harold J. Brady and to Dorothy (née Davidson). He studied at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Brady became Ronald Reagan's White House Press Secretary in 1981.

Brady was nearly killed a few weeks after becoming Press Secretary. On March 30, 1981 John Hinckley tried to assassinate President Reagan with a gun. Brady was shot in the head and became disabled. 

After Brady's near death, he and his wife, Sarah, became a supporter of gun control. He was also an activist for gun control.

Together with his wife, Sarah, who was Chair of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence (formerly known as Handgun Control, Inc.), co-founded by N.T. Pete Shields, Brady quickly fought for handgun control and assault weapon restrictions. The Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act, also known simply as "the Brady Bill", was named in his honor.

In 2000, the Press Briefing Room at the White House was renamed after Brady as the James S. Brady Press Briefing Room.

Brady married Sue Beh in 1961. That marriage ended in divorce in 1968. Brady married Sarah, in 1973; the couple had two children, Scott and Melissa.

Brady died on August 4, 2014 in Alexandria, Virginia, aged 73. His death has been said to be a homicide caused by the gunshot wound he received in 1981, about 33 years before.

1950 United States Census

The Seventeenth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau. It found the population of the United States to be 150,697,361. This was an increase of 14.5 percent from the 1940 Census.

1960 United States Census

The Eighteenth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau. It found the population of the United States to be 179,323,175. This was an increase of 18.5 percent from the 1950 Census. 

1970 United States Census

The Nineteenth United States Census done by the Census Bureau. The population of the United States was 203,392,031. This was an increase of 13.4 percent from the 1960 Census.

1980 United States Census

The Twentieth United States Census was done by the Census Bureau. It found the population of the United States to be 226,545,805. It was an increase of 11.4 percent from the 1970 Census.

It was the first census not to ask for the name of the "head of household." About 16 percent of households received a "long form" of the 1980 census. It had over 100 questions.

1990 United States Census

The Twenty-first United States Census was done by the Census Bureau. The population of the United Stateswas 248,709,873. This was an increase of 9.8 percent from the 1980 Census.

About 16 percent of households received a "long form" of the 1990 census. It had over 100 questions. It was the first census to have "Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander" as a racial group separate from Asians.

Ann B. Davis

Ann Bradford Davis (May 3, 1926 – June 1, 2014) was an American movie, stage, voice, and television actress. She was known for her role as Alice Nelson, the housekeeper in "The Brady Bunch". Her career began in 1953. She retired in 1997. She won two Emmy Awards in 1957 and in 1959. 

Davis was born on May 3, 1926 in Schenectady, New York. She moved to Erie, Pennsylvania when she was three. She studied at Strong Vincent High School and at the University of Michigan. Davis died on June 1, 2014 in San Antonio, Texas from complications from a fall, aged 88. 


United States census

The United States Census is a census done in the United States every ten years. It is required by the United States Constitution which calls for a decennial census done in years ending in "0" since 1790. It is actually two census counts taken concurrently (at the same time). The first is the census of the population, taken from 1790 to the present. The second is the census of housing, which counts the number of residential housing units, and was taken from 1940 to the present. Among other uses, the count is used to determine how many places in the House of Representatives each state has. It also determines how much government money is spent in different locations. 

The United States Census Bureau is responsible for the United States Census. The first census after the American Revolution was in 1790. Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson was responsible for this first census.


Leonard Maltin

Leonard Maltin (born December 18, 1950) is an American movie critic and historian. He wrote several books on cinema and celebrity biographies. He is known for creating the Walt Disney Treasures collections which is made up of classic Disney cartoons. 

He was raised in Teaneck, New Jersey. He studied at Teaneck High School and at New York University. He was married to Alice Tlusty since 1975. They have one daughter.

In July 2018, Maltin announced that he had been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in early 2015.


2020 United States Census

The 2020 United States Census, known as Census 2020, was the twenty-fourth United States Census. National Census Day was on April 1, 2020.

In 2020, the United States population was 331,449,281, a 7.71% increase from the 2010 Census.

The Department of Commerce announced in March 2018 that the 2020 Census will ask if individuals are United States citizens according to a request from the Trump administration. 11 states (Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New Mexico, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Washington, California) have said they would sue to block the Trump administration's request.


Jimmy Smits

Jimmy Smits (born July 9, 1955) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his role as Victor Sifuentes in "L.A. Law". He won an Golden Globe Award, an Emmy Award, an Saturn Award, and an Screen Actors Guild Award.

Smits was born on July 9, 1955 in Brooklyn, New York City, New York. He studied at Brooklyn College and at Cornell University. Smits was married to Barbara Smits from 1981 until they divorced in 1987. He was partners with Wanda De Jesus since 1986. With Barbara, he has two children. 

List of United States senators from Connecticut

This is a list of the United States senators from Connecticut.

United States senators are elected for a six-year term. The term begins on January 3. Elections are held the first Tuesday after November 1. Before 1914, senators were chosen by the Connecticut General Assembly. Before 1935, their terms began March 4.

Senators are placed in different classes. This is so both senators for a state are not elected during the same year.

Class 1 senators had elections in 1994, 2000, 2006, and 2012.

Class 3 senators were elected in 1998, 2004, 2010, and 2016.

Interair South Africa

Interair South Africa is an airline based in Johannesburg, South Africa. It operates scheduled passenger services from Johannesburg to regional destinations in Africa. Its main base is OR Tambo International Airport, Johannesburg.

Interair South Africa operates services to the following international scheduled destinations at January 2011:

The Interair South Africa fleet includes the following aircraft as of 1 January 2011:


Aligarh Muslim University

The Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) is a major university in the town of Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh, India. It was originally founded by Sir Syed Ahmed Khan in 1875, as the Mohammedan Anglo-Oriental College (better known as MAO College). It became a full university in 1920.

Osman Ali Khan, Asaf Jah VII donated 5 Lakh Indian Rupees in the 1930s towards this University.

AMU Journal is an independent educational community and media organization. It is run by students and alumni. It was started in the year 2016 by a group of Aligarh Muslim University students to cover campus activities and raise campus issues. Later it became a media portal and educational community.

AMU Journal relaunched its website on 17 October 2016 via Aligarh Muslim University Public relations officer, Proctor and Deputy in collaboration with University Training and placement office.


Steve Tom

Steve Tom (born September 20, 1953) is an American movie, and television actor. He has guest-starred in a number of television shows including "Major Crimes", "Modern Family", "How I Met Your Mother", "Drake & Josh", "ER", "NYPD Blue", "Sleeper Cell", "Two and a Half Men", "Prison Break", "The West Wing" and other television series. For two seasons, he was in "Funny or Die Presents". 

He also appeared in some movies "The Campaign", "The Guilt Trip", "Seven Pounds", "First Daughter", "Disney's The Kid", "Pulse", "Rendition" and "".

Tom was born on September 20, 1953 in Houston, Texas.

List of U.S. states by GDP

This is a list of U.S. states sorted by their gross state product (GSP). GSP is similar to a country's gross domestic product (GDP). This is an overall measure of the states economy. The United States Bureau of Economic Analysis is responsible for finding this number each year.

Map of U.S.states by nominal GDP in billions USD:

67th Punjabis

The 67th Punjabis were an infantry regiment of the old British Indian Army.

After World War I the Indian government reformed the army in 1922. The 67th Punjabis became the 1st and 10th (Training) Battalions, of the 2nd Punjab Regiment. After independence in 1947 they were one of the regiments allocated to the Indian Army.

Johnny Hardwick

Jonathon David Hardwick Jr. (September 21, 1963 – August 8, 2023) was an American voice actor, comedian, writer and producer, who was known for the voice of Dale Gribble in "King of the Hill".

Hardwick was born on September 21, 1963 in Austin, Texas. He studied at Texas Tech University. Hardwick died at his home in Austin on August 8, 2023 at the age of 64.


Darien, Connecticut

Darien is a rich town in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. It is a small community on Connecticut's "Gold Coast". There were 21,499 people at the 2020 census. Darien was #9 on CNN Money's list of "top-earning towns" in the United States as of 2011.

2nd Punjab Regiment

The 2nd Punjab Regiment was a British Indian Army regiment from 1922 to the partition of India in 1947.

The regiment was formed by the amalgamation of the following regiments:


After the independence and partition of India in August 1947, this regiment became the Punjab Regiment (India).

Weston, Connecticut

Weston is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut. The population was 10,354 at the 2020 census. About 19% of the town's workforce travels to New York City for work.

Like many towns in southwestern Connecticut, Weston is one of the richest communities in the United States. In 2010 the median household income was US$180,321.

Most of Devil's Den Preserve is in the town. It is a nature reserve which gets 40,000 visits a year.

Pakistan Television Corporation

Pakistan Television or the Pakistan Television Corporation (commonly known as PTV) is the official, state-owned television channel of the Government of Pakistan. It was established in 1964. 

PTV

PTV may refer to:


Wawiriya Burton

Wawiriya Burton is an Australian Aboriginal artist. She is known for her acrylic paintings. Her paintings are representations of sacred stories from the Dreamtime. Like other Aboriginal artists, the representations are blurred (or encrypted) for cultural reasons. The full meaning of her artworks can only be understood or deciphered by people who have been initiated. Burton is a "ngangkaṟi" (traditional healer), so she has more knowledge about sacred traditions than most in her community.

Wawiriya belongs to the Pitjantjatjara. She was born in outback central Australia some time during the 1920s.. She grew up living a traditional, nomadic way of life. Her family lived in her father's homeland, around what is now Pipalyatjara.

Wawiriya lives in Amaṯa, where she began working at the Tjala Arts centre in 2008. Tjala (originally Minymaku Arts) had been set up by the women of the community in 1999. She made wood carvings and baskets from spinifex originally, but later learned to paint from the other women.

Wawiriya's artworks have been displayed in exhibitions in Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth and Alice Springs. Her work is held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Art Gallery of New South Wales, and the Art Gallery of South Australia.

South Hampton Roads

South Hampton Roads is a region of the U.S. state of Virginia. It in the most southeastern part of the state. The area is part of the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News, VA-NC MSA (Metropolitan Statistical Area). About 1.7 million people live there. 

Hampton Roads is the common name for the metropolitan area around the body of water of the same name. The land area of Hampton Roads is divided into two regions. These are South Hampton Roads on the south side and the Virginia Peninsula on the north side. People who live there commonly call South Hampton Roads "the Southside". 

As of the 2010 Census, the Hampton Roads MSA is the fifth largest metropolitan area by size in the southeastern United States. It is the second-largest between Washington, D.C. and Atlanta, Georgia.

The decision to call the region "Hampton Roads" was a political one. The area was called "Tidewater" for many years by the people who lived there. The local baseball team was called the Tidewater Tides for years. It is now called the Norfolk Tides. When they first came to Tidewater, they used the popular name to draw more fans.

South Hampton Roads is home to many United States military bases.

Norfolk Naval Shipyard and Naval Medical Center, Portsmouth are in Portsmouth. They are two very important and historic bases. The shipyard was created as the Gosport Shipyard on November 1, 1767. It had the county's first dry dock. The name was changed after the American Civil War. Although it is in Portsmouth, the name Norfolk was chosen because there was another U.S. Navy shipyard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire. There are also many smaller bases in Portsmouth.

Norfolk is the home of Naval Station Norfolk. It is the main base for United States Navy's Atlantic Fleet. The base was created in 1917. It is the largest naval facility in the world.

Virginia Beach is home to the Navy's Naval Air Station Oceana (NAS Oceana) and Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek (NAB Little Creek). NAS Oceana is the largest employer in Virginia Beach. Both bases there, like the Norfolk Navy Base, are said to be the largest of their kinds in the world. Also in Virginia Beach is NAVSEA Dam Neck and the home of Joint Expeditionary Base East

St. Julien's Creek Annex is a U.S. Navy base in Chesapeake. It is on the Elizabeth River. It began in 1849. It is currently part of the Norfolk Navy Base. Chesapeake is also home to U.S. Naval Auxiliary Landing Field Fentress. It is used to help support training for NAS Oceana.

From Colonial times through the first 150 years of the United States, South Hampton Roads was almost always changing. Local governments changed mainly because of growth in population. Counties were divided and towns were created as the population grew. Some towns grew to become cities. in 1871, changes were made to the state constitution. One of these changes made all cities in Virginia independent cities of the counties they had been a part of. 

In the second half of the 20th century, many city-county-town local government joined together in South Hampton Roads and on the Virginia Peninsula. Many small towns and cities joined together to create a small number of larger cities. Nowhere else in Virginia have rural areas and more dense cities been combined in this way. The changes caused the area to have Virginia's cities with the largest land areas and the most farming.

The South Hampton Roads region has five independent cities, two counties, and five incorporated towns.





Other settlements in South Hampton Roads no longer exist. No less than 2 shires, 6 counties, 1 town, and 2 entire cities no longer exist in the South Hampton Roads area. 

The following is a listing of these 11 extinct shire, counties, towns, and cities, with the approximate dates they existed: 

Isa

Isa or ISA may refer to:












Gene therapy

Gene therapy means putting in a working gene to a person who has a damaged gene. The European Commission has approved this method for one particular treatment. The treatment by the product "Glybera" uses a virus to infect muscle cells with a working copy of the gene. The European Commission has given "Glybera" marketing authorisation, which means it can be sold throughout the EU.

One in a million people have damaged copies of the lipase gene needed to break down fats. Fat builds up in their blood; this leads to pain and inflammation of the pancreas (pancreatitis). It is life-threatening. Up to now, the only way to manage the condition is to have a very low-fat diet.

When used in this way, a virus is a vector. That means it is a carrier; the gene has been inserted into the viral genome, and the virus sticks it into the human cells. The technique is called transfection. This technique is different from the gene knockout technique, which does not use a viral vector.

China was the first country to approve the commercial production of a gene therapy, in 2003. That gene therapy is for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC)—a cancer that occurs in 10% of new cancers in China. There are 2.5 million new cancer patients every year in China.

Sold under the brand name "Gendicine", the world's first commercial gene therapy also uses a virus to insert the gene into the human genome.

The possibility of gene therapy was talked about as soon as the roles of DNA and RNA were known about. The first specific publication was in 1972. 

Many more types of gene therapy are in the trial stage. It is clear that a cycle of events will be part of future clinical medicine: DNA sequence analysis > identify defective genes > fix genes with gene therapy or gene knockout. There are sometimes problems of side-effects; these may be discovered at the trial stage. There is now a database which lists all known clinical trials.

Ruby Tjangawa Williamson

Ruby Tjangawa Williamson is a Pitjantjatjara artist from Amaṯa, in central Australia. She makes acrylic paintings and traditional wood carvings, and is one of the most successful artists from the region. Her paintings have attracted critical acclaim for her unusually modern style. Ruby paints sacred stories from the Dreamtime that have morals or lessons from her people's traditional law. She uses the typical style of the Western Desert, but the techniques and imagery are more modern. Her style is said to be experimental.

Ruby is a member of the Pitjantjatjara nation. She was born about 1940, at a sacred site near Kata Ala, Western Australia. She grew up with her family in the bushland along the western side of the border with South Australia. Her family spent most of their time travelling between her father's homeland near Pukara and her mother's around Mantamaru. When Ruby was a teenager, they followed other Pitjantjatjara families to settle at Ernabella, far to the east. Ruby grew up and went to school at the mission there until she got married.

Ruby's husband was a stockman whose family came from what is now Amaṯa, west of Ernabella. After they got married, they moved north to Areyonga, where he worked on the cattle station. They later moved back to his homeland, where he got a job on the Musgrave Park station. They had five children together, before her husband died in his early 40s.

In 1999, the senior women of Amaṯa, including Ruby, founded Minymaku Arts (it is now called Tjala Arts). Ruby began working there herself in 2000. Her first solo exhibitions were in Hobart in 2003 and 2005, and then in Melbourne in 2008. Her artwork has been shown alongside works by other Tjala artists in every major city in Australia. She has also had her work shown in group exhibitions in Singapore and the United States. Her work is held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the Queensland Art Gallery, the National Gallery of Australia, and the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory.

Military science

Military science (also military studies) is the science on war, army and military operations.

The general purpose of the military science is to make clear how to win war. The historical root of the military science is the book that was written by Carl von Clausewitz who was a soldier in the Prussian army in the 19th century. In this book, Clausewitz made a discovery that war is an instrument for political act not only a violent action. Clausewitz suggested the relation between policy and war, and made it easy to define the being of the war as the means to enforce our will to the others with physical forces. This realistic view of the war that the political power controls military operations is meeting to the military science. The problem for military scientists is to study how to operate military actions.

Military science has some branches below.
In military science today, there are branches of each kind of military force; the army fights on land, the navy fights in the sea, and the air force fights in the air.

The most basic ideas in military science can be cut down five words; defense, attack, military mean, military aim and political end. In military science, the all form of the battles can be identified with defense and attack. The defense is to destroy enemy attack waiting on own positions, the attack is to destroy enemy going ahead. The result of the battle depends on the amount military means and military aim. Military mean can be called combat power can be followed from the number and quality of military force. Military aim is the specific target to decide how to use military mean with attack or defense. In military science, political end has the idea of the most reason to fight war against enemy. In short, military science generally researches the cause and effects of military operations between attacker and defender in terms of military means and aim, starting from the political end.

In the ancient era, military science started from records on the art of war rather than the science of war. Herodotus and Thucydides wrote the history of the Persian war and Peloponnesian wars. About the same time, Sun Tzu, a strategist in ancient China, wrote "The Art of War". This book showed that war is a serious way for the life and death of nations and surprise is important in the art of war. After the age of the Roman empire, Flavius Vegetius Renatus wrote Roman military theory in his book called "On Military Affairs". Vegetius noted Roman military power was based on discipline, which makes military organizations organized. The Roman way of war that Vegetius recorded had historical influences on military minds of people on Europe for a long time.

However, development of guns and artillery made military revolution that changed the art of war by the beginning of the modern age. Political modernization after religious reform also made important influences to the way of war because states got larger political power to establish modern military forces. The Napoleonic wars was caused by the changes in the way of war. Napoleon Bonaparte, who was one of the most experienced and known generals in military history, made a new idea on how to win wars in the Napoleonic wars. Considering the relations between force, space and time, Napoleon tried to attack the side and back of the enemy forces in battle through strategic movement and tactical surprise. The Napoleonic way of war was to spread out forces by the coming chance of fight, and concentrate forces at the most important time. This made it possible to win wars against the enemy even if his military force was weaker than the enemy force.

In this period, military theory made great progress. Antoine Henri Jomini, who served under Napoleon, wrote Napoleonic art of war as military theory in his "Summary of the Art of War". Jomini said there are few rules in the science of war. Jomini's theory gave reasons on how Napoleon won his wars by keeping the universal rule of war. Clausewitz, who served under Prussia fighting against Napoleon in war, also explained the nature of war through scientific studies on the Napoleonic wars. In his book "On War", Clausewtiz said the nature of war has laws that policy controls military operations in war. He also wrote that the mathematical model called law of number can be used to understand and how many results happen in a fight. In the debate of whether attack or defense was the stronger military action, Clausewitz supported defense because defending forces are able to use positions in a battle.

Napoleonic military theory changed military minds in the Western world in the late 19th century. Dennis Hart Mahan, who was in the United States army, was developed Napoleonic military art in his "Elementary Treatise on Advanced Guard, Outposts, and Detachment Service of Troops" and taught it in military school. Alfred Thayer Mahan, his son, wrote "The Influence of Sea Power Upon History, 1660–1783" and became a naval strategist based on the military theory of Jomini and Clausewitz. In the Prussian army, Helmunth von Moltke lead studies of military theory, and made ideas of "Auftragstaktik" (mission tactics). By Moltke's study, Prussia got theories on how to move forces faster in the field and showed evidence of this theory through victory in the Franco-Prussian War. Alfred von Schlieffen, Prussian general and military theorist, made the plan of a two-front war against France and Russia, using fast strategic movement. In France, Charles J. J. J. Ardant du Picq developed military theory in his "Battle Studies" from the point of mental part of war. Ardnt du Picq thought military action is related to mental situations of military force.

During World War I and World War II, military scientists thought on the nature of total war. In World War I, Germany's general Hindenburg Ludendorff supported the idea of total war, appealing total effort by all nations for war. France's general Ferdinand Foch also said the victory depends on the will of the nation to fight the war. In this war, John Frederick Charles Fuller, who served in British army, found armored warfare important in land operations, because old land tactics could not work under modern firepower. In World War II, the air force started to develop as a military branch like the army and navy. Its military meaning was founded by an Italian soldier Giulio Douhet suggesting the use of strategic bombing to destroy the capital cities and industrial areas, not only the front. From the point of the naval view, aircraft can be used in sea battle with aircraft carriers. Ozawa Jisaburo, who served in Japanese navy, made an idea to put aircraft carriers on the center of naval power.

The end of the World War II in 1945 was the beginning of the Cold War between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. It was necessary for military scientists to consider how to control nuclear weapons that superpowers developed in World War II. The nuclear weapons changed the strategic condition of the possible war. Military theorists had to consider how to avoid nuclear war and how to deal with nuclear strategy. Bernard Brodie, a military scientist in the United States, suggested to change the purpose of the military forces to deterrence from victory in his book "The Absolute Weapons". The idea of deterrence is to control enemy nuclear attack by letting the enemy know his risk of nuclear counterattack. Military science is no longer for military operations, but for the whole of the national security policy. Basil Henry Liddell-Hart, British military strategist, also said the old idea of strategy is narrow to use in nuclear age. His discovery was the idea of strategy can be used in matters of national security. This kind of strategy called grand strategy, or national security strategy spread for military theorists today.


Brian Pimental

Brian Pimental (born in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American veteran animator, storyboard artist, movie director and screenwriter. He's best known for directing the 2006 classic "Bambi II".

Brian started his career at Walt Disney Animation Studios as a trainee in "Oliver & Company". He became a story artist in "Beauty and the Beast" and "Aladdin". Then, he became one of the screenwriters for "A Goofy Movie". He got his first ASIFA award nomination. His second nomination was for "Tarzan".

Pimental first time directing was on "Bambi II". He won the ASIFA award for best non-theatrical movie. In the movie, he also made the voices for the Groundhog and Porcupine. "Bambi II" received mixed to positive reviews. It has a rating of 60% in Rotten Tomatoes and an overall rating of 6.5 out of 10 in IMDb.

Brian was born in Massachusetts. He earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree at the California Institute of the Arts.

Pituitary adenoma

Pituitary adenomas are tumors that occur in the pituitary gland. Pituitary tumors are generally divided into three kinds dependant upon their biological functioning: benign adenoma, invasive adenoma or carcinomas, with carcinomas accounting for 0.1% to 0.2%, appoximately 35% being invasive adenomas and most being benign adenomas. Pituitary adenomas represent from 10% to 25% of all brain tumors and is thought to happen in about 17% to 25% of most people.

Non-invasive and non-secreting pituitary adenomas are considered to be benign [harmless]; but a recent large study (Fernández-Balsells, "et al." 2011) has shown there are few studies to prove if this is true or not.

Adenomas that are bigger than are called "macroadenomas", and those smaller than 10 mm are called "microadenomas". Most pituitary adenomas are microadenomas. Most pituitary microadenomas often remain undiagnosed and those that are diagnosed are often found as an "incidental finding" [which means found by chance], and are called "incidentalomas".

Invasive adenomas may invade the dura mater, cranial bone, or sphenoid bone. It used to be thought that clinically active pituitary adenomas were rare but recent studies have suggested that they may affect about one in 1000 of the general population.

Skull bossing

Skull bossing is when the bones of the skull become bigger than normal which most often occurs in the frontal bones beneath the forehead. Skull bossing may happen from different medical conditions.

Frontal bossing is when the forehead becomes bigger than normal which may also make the brow ridge stick out more. It happens when the frontal bone becomes bigger because of a medical condition. This often happens when other facial bones of the skull become bigger too, as well as the jaw bone and the bones in the hands and feet. Frontal bossing is usually seen in a few rare medical syndromes such as acromegaly - a chronic medical disorder in which the anterior pituitary gland makes to much growth hormone (GH).

Turricephaly often called "tower skull", may be caused by different medical conditions. In some cases such as Apert and Pfeiffer syndromes, it is caused when sutures in the skull close before they are supposed to.

Turricephaly is also one of the most common problems which affect the bones of the face and skull in those with Sickle-cell disease.


List of suicide crisis lines

Suicide crisis lines are telephone numbers that a person can call if they feel like killing or hurting themselves.

There have been studies in the United States and Australia which show that suicide crisis lines may help people who feel like killing or hurting themselves and may make them feel better.

One of the first of these "hotlines" was the Samaritans, created in 1953 by Chad Varah in the United Kingdom, who managed the church in London which at that time was called St. Steven's Church. He believed there should be a place where people can listen to visitors and callers who thought about killing themselves, and help them feel better. He had this idea after giving a speech to help comfort the family and friends of a 13-year-old girl. Before her death, the girl was extremely worried and had nobody to talk to.

The Trevor Project

The Trevor Project is an American nonprofit group started in 1998. It offers help to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and questioning (LGBTQ) young people who may be thinking of killing or hurting themselves. They have a telephone number which is free to call for help and someone to talk to.

988 Suicide &amp; Crisis Lifeline

The 988 Suicide & Crisis Lifeline is a network of help centers in the United States. It tries to stop people from hurting themselves or committing suicide, and help them through counselling. It is made up of 159 crisis centers in the United States. It has a 24-hour telephone number that is free to call for people who feel like killing themselves or have big problems that they need to talk about with someone. After dialing 9-8-8, the person calling is connected to their nearest crisis center to get immediate counseling and referrals to local mental health services. The Lifeline supports people who call for themselves or someone they care about.

Kids Help Phone

Kids Help Phone (), is a Canadian service for children and young people. It provides counselling and information on the phone and the internet to children who may have problems that they need to talk about with someone. The telephone number is free to call or the person may leave a post on the Kids Help Phone website. 

As a charity Kids Help phone relies on the support of community-based volunteers and individual and corporate donors for financial support.

John Glover

John Soursby Glover, Jr. (born August 7, 1944) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for his roles in "RoboCop 2", "Scrooged", "Batman & Robin", "", and in his television role as Lionel Luther in "Smallville". He won an Tony Award in 1995.

Glover was born in Kingston, New York on August 7, 1944. He was raised in Salisbury, Maryland. Glover studied at Wicomico High School and at Towson University. Glover is openly gay. He is partners with Adam Kurtzman since 1993.


The Jed Foundation

The Jed Foundation is a non-profit organization working to reduce the rate of suicide and emotional distress among college students. It is the largest such effort in the United States. It works with the government program, Suicide Prevention Resource Center, to develop and spread suicide prevention strategies. 

The Jed Foundation was founded in 2000 by Donna and Phil Satow. Their son Jed, a second year student at the University of Arizona, ended his life after struggling with college life. The organization works with the Suicide Prevention Resource Center, set up in 2002 by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.

Frontal bone

The frontal bone or " os frontis "is a bone in the front of the human skull. The biggest part of the frontal bone is under the forehead. The name comes from the Latin word "frons" (meaning "forehead"). It bone is made up of three joined parts.

The illustration below shows the browridges which protected the Neanderthal face.

Acromegaly

Acromegaly is a medical condition that happens when the anterior (rear) pituitary gland makes too much growth hormone (GH), after a person has passed puberty. If this happens before puberty it causes a condition known as gigantism. A number of medical conditions may cause the pituitary gland to make too much growth hormone, but the most common cause is a tumor on the pituitary gland called a pituitary adenoma'

Acromegaly is most commonly diagnosed in middle aged adults, and can result in severe disfigurement, serious complicating conditions, and early death if not treated. Acromegaly is hard to diagnose when it is just beginning. It is usually not found until 10–12 years after it starts. This is when it causes changes in the way a person looks, especially their face.


Nathan Lane

Nathan Lane (born Joseph Lane, February 3, 1956) is an American actor and writer. He is known for voicing Timon in "The Lion King" (1994). He won three Tony Awards, an Screen Actors Guild Award, an Emmy Award, and an Drama Desk Award.

In television, he is known for his roles in "Modern Family", "The Good Wife" and "".

Lane won three Tony Awards for his stage roles in "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum", "The Producers" and for "Angels in America".

Lane was born on February 3, 1956 in Jersey City, New Jersey. He studied at St. Peter's Preparatory High School. He is openly gay. In 2015, Lane married Devlin Elliott.


Tara Strong

Tara Lyn Strong (born Tara Lyn CharenDoff born February 12, 1973) is a Canadian-American actress and voice actress. She is known for her role as Ben Tennyson from "Ben 10", Twilight Sparkle from "My Little Pony", Timmy Turner from "The Fairly OddParents", Daizy from "Wow! Wow! Wubbzy!", Switch from "Baby Shark's Big Show!", Speak from "Eckhart", Bingo from "Camp Lazlo", Hima ShinYu from "Lavender Castle Revolution", Princess Unikitty from "Unikitty!", Tiny from "Ashi Pets", Gloria from "Curious Minds", Candy Needlemeyer from "The Amazing World of Gumball", Princess Connie Pintincia from "CyberAdult Girls", Anna Vokqushi from "Wattu Academy", Princess Ruko Lutein from "Atlantis Forest" and Dil from "Rugrats".

Strong was born on February 12, 1973, in Toronto, Ontario. Her father, who is Protestant, is from Scotland. Her mother who is Jewish, is from Britain of Russian descent.

She is fluent in English, Hebrew, Russian, and Scottish.

She is married to Craig Strong since 2000. They have two sons: Sammy (born 2002) and Aden (born 2004).


Ryan O'Neal

Charles Patrick Ryan O'Neal, Jr. (April 20, 1941 – December 8, 2023) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for his roles "Paper Moon", "Barry Lyndon", "A Bridge Too Far", and in "A Love Story".

O'Neal was born on April 20, 1941 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at University High School.

O'Neal was married to Joanna Cook Moore from 1963 until they divorced in 1966. Then he was married to Leigh Taylor-Young from 1967 until they divorced in 1973. He never married Farrah Fawcett. They lived together from 1979 until they split in 1997. They rekindled their relationship in 2001. Until her death from rare form of anal cancer in 2009. They had a son together Redman O’Neal. He had four children, including Tatum O'Neal. He lived in Malibu, California.

O'Neal died on December 8, 2023 at a hospital in Santa Monica, California from congestive heart failure caused by cardiomyopathy at the age of 82.


Prognathism

Prognathism describes when part or all of the face sticks out more than normal. Humans have "orthognathic" faces. That means the faces is more or less vertical. Most other primates have prognathic faces: their jaws stick out in front of the top part of the head. 



Skin tag

A skin tag is a small growth on the skin that is usually benign (harmless). It may have a short narrow stalk which connects it to the skin. They are usually small but may grow up to a half-inch long.

Skin tags are usually harmless and do not need treatment. A person may decide to have a skin tag removed if it is irritating them or they do not like the way it looks. If so the skin tag may be removed by:


Hyperhidrosis

Hyperhidrosis is a medical condition in which a person sweats too much. It is often caused by overactive sweat glands. People with hyperhidrosis may sweat even when it is cool and they are at rest. The sweat glands on any area of the human body can be affected by hyperhidrosis but it is usually happens more often in the sweat glands of the palms of the hand, the soles of the feet and the armpits.

Hemoglobin Lepore syndrome

Hemoglobin Lepore syndrome (Hb Lepore) is a kind of blood disorder that is caused by a genetic mutation. It was first found in an Italian-American family named Lepore. When a genetic mutation runs in families it is known as a trait.

The Hb Lepore trait is found worldwide and may affect people of various races, however the three main kinds of Hb Lepore, usually affects Caucasians of the Southern regions of Central and Eastern Europe.

There are three main kinds of Hb Lepore are named for the areas they were first found in, with various subtypes, the three main kinds are:

Silent stroke

A silent stroke is a kind of stroke that does not cause symptoms that can be seen in a major stroke such as slurred speech. A person who has had a silent stroke usually does not know it. A silent stroke still causes damage to the brain, and places the person at increased risk for both transient ischemic attack and major stroke in the future.

These strokes are called "silent" because they typically happen in parts of the brain that do not cause problems that can be seen like those in a major stroke. A silent stroke usually happens in parts of the brain that control different thought processes, mood regulation and cognitive functions and is a leading cause of vascular cognitive impairment and may also lead to a loss of urinary bladder control.

In a big study in 1998, more than 11 million people were thought to have had a stroke in the United States. About 770,000 of these strokes had symptoms which could be seen and 11 million were first-ever silent strokes. Silent strokes usually cause lesions which are found by the use of neuroimaging such as MRI.

There is more of chance of older people having a silent stroke but it may also happen to younger adults. Women appear to be at higher risk for silent stroke, with hypertension and current cigarette smoking being some of the reasons.

These types of strokes include lacunar and other ischemic strokes and minor hemorrhages. They may also include leukoaraiosis (changes in the white matter of the brain): the white matter is more susceptible to vascular blockage because it has less blood vessels than the cerebral cortex.

In the Cardiovascular Health Study, a study used 3,660 adults over the age of 65, 31% showed evidence of silent stroke in neuroimaging studies using MRI. These people did not know they had a stroke. It is thought that silent strokes are five times more common than strokes that have symptoms.

A silent stroke is different than a transient ischemic attack (TIA). In TIA the symptoms can be seen and may last from a few minutes to 24 hours before getting better. If a person has a TIA there is a bigger chance they may have a major stroke and silent strokes in the future.



Benign paroxysmal vertigo of childhood

Benign paroxysmal vertigo of childhood (BPVC for short) is a medical problem that happens in children. "Benign" means "harmless;" "paroxysmal" means something comes and goes suddenly; and "vertigo" means "dizziness." So BPVC is harmless dizziness in children that comes and goes suddenly.

The dizziness usually makes children feel like they are moving or spinning, or that the inside of their head is moving or spinning.

Usually, BPVC starts in children between two and five years old. It often goes away by the age of eight. But in some children, BPVC may start when they are much younger (as young as a few months old) or older (as old as 12 years old). 

BPVC is the most common cause of dizziness in children who do not have hearing loss or a diagnosed ear disease. It is a common problem that happens to about 2.6% of children (26 out of 1,000 children).
Doctors don't know for sure what causes BPVC. Some doctors think it is related to problems of the inner ear that affect balance. For example, some doctors think BPVC is similar to a different disorder which often happens in adults over 50. This disorder is called "benign paroxysmal positional vertigo" (BPPV). BPPV is a "vestibular disorder" - a disorder in the inner ear which affects balance. 

Other doctors believe BPVC is related to migraine headaches, but most children with BPVC do not get headaches.


For a doctor to diagnose Benign Paroxysmal Vertigo of Childhood, all of these things must be true:
"Differential diagnoses" are different medical disorders which may cause the same symptoms. When a doctor asks what the differential diagnoses for BPVC are, she is asking "what other disease could cause these symptoms? What else could this be?" Before a doctor makes a final diagnosis, they must think of what other medical conditions have the same or similar symptoms, and make sure one of them is not the problem.

Some of the differential diagnoses for BPVC are:

Mangaka

Mangaka (漫画家?) is the Japanese word for a comic artist or cartoonist. Outside of Japan, manga usually means a Japanese comic book. Mangaka means the author of the manga, who is usually Japanese.

Some artists may study at an art college, manga school, or take on an apprenticeship with another mangaka. They then enter the world of manga as a professional artist. However, there are some artists that just start in manga. One way to do this is by applying to contests that magazines run. For example, Naoko Takeuchi, author of "Sailor Moon", won such a contest sponsored by Kodansha. Osamu Tezuka, creator of "Astro Boy", began his career without being an assistant.

Menstrual migraine

Menstrual migraine (also called "catamenial migraine") is term used to describe both "true menstrual migraines" and "menstrually related migraines". About 7%-14% of women have migraines only at the time of menstruation, these are called "true menstrual migraines". Most female migraneurs experience migraine attacks throughout the menstruation cycle with an increased number at the time of menstruation. These are called "menstrually related" or "menstrually triggered migraine".

It used to believed that treatments for migraine would work in menstrual migraine but that has not proven to be the case. Menstrual migraines are now considered a separate medical disorder from migraine. In 2008, menstrual migraines were given ICD-9 codes (346.4-346.43) of their own which separate menstrual migraine from other types of migraine.

About 40% of women and 20% of men will get a migraine at sometime in their life. Most of them will get their first migraine before they are 35-years-old. Menstrual-related migraines happen in more than 50% of women who have migraine headaches.

Menstrual migraine attacks usually last longer than other migraine attacks, and short-term treatments do not work as well with menstrual migraine as they do in other kinds of migraine. They are usually migraines without aura, but in 2012 a case of menstrual migraine with aura was reported, so it is possible. Auras are a kind of condition which affect certain parts of the brain, usually the parts that control vision but they can also affect the parts of the brain which control the other senses like touch, motor control (moving parts of the body) and the parts of the brain that control speech.
Warning symptoms also called "prodrome symptoms" often happen before a migraine attack.

A pounding throbbing headache with the pain being on one side of the head (unilateral). The side of the head that has the pain changes from one headache to the next.

The diagnosis of a menstrual migraine is made by keeping track of when the migraines occur for a period of at least three months. Menstrually related migraine attacks occur usually between 2 days before and 3 days after the start of menstruation in at least 2 out of 3 menstrual cycles (periods) in a row. Pure menstrual migraine and menstrually related migraine are both migraines without auras with one exceptionally rare case with aura reported in 2012.

The "Menstrual Migraine Assesment Tool" is a simple questionnaire with three questions, that has shown to be fairly accurate in diagnosing menstrual migraine. The three questions are:


The answer to the first question has to be yes and there has to be at least one yes answer to either question 2 or question 3.

In order to keep track of what time of the month the migraines happen it is helpful to use a "headache diary". A person uses the headache diary to write down information about their headaches, like when they started, what kind of symptoms they had and how bad the pain was etc.
Often, having one medical condition makes it more likely a person will also have one or more other medical or psychiatric disorders. These other disorders are the "comorbid disorders" or "comorbidities". There are various comorbid medical and psychiatric conditions associated with migraines. The treatment and "prognosis" (if a disease gets better, worse or stays the same over time) of migraine is affected by the comorbid disorders which may be present and/or the chance of getting comorbid disorders.<br>

Comorbid psychiatric conditions

There are treatments which are used for menstrual migraines which may reduce how many times a woman gets them and how bad they are. This kind of treatment is called "prophylactic therapy" and it is used in the perimenstrual period which is the time between periods.

Prophylactic therapy for menstrual migraine should be tried for at least 3 menstruation cycles to see if that works before it is stopped. Medications used may include:
1. Napraxen sodium such as Aleve

"Acute treatments" (short-term treatment) include Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs that help stop "inflammation" which is redness, swelling, pain, tenderness, heat in parts of the body, triptans such as "Frovatriptan", ergotomines which are a kind of drug made from a fungus called ergot, and estrogen transdermal patches, which are worn on the skin.

The exact causes of menstrual migraine are not known for sure but there is a link between falling levels of the female hormone "estrogen" and the onset of a migraine attack. The estrogen level may fall after bleeding occurs during the menstrual cycle or when external sources of estrogen are no longer taken, like when a woman stops taking birth control pills or hormone pills in hormone replacement therapy.


Kari Wahlgren

Kari K. Wahlgren (born July 13, 1977) is an American actress and comedian. She is known for her role as Tigress in "Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness" notable roles in Nickelodeon, Disney, Cartoon Network from various. She has done voices for many video games. Wahlgren was born in Hoisington, Kansas.


Paul Fussell

Paul Fussell (March 22, 1924 – May 23, 2012) was an American cultural and literary historian, author, writer, and university professor.

Fussell was born in Pasadena, California on March 22, 1924. He was the second of three children. His father, Paul Fussell (1895–1973), son of a widowed schoolteacher, became a corporate lawyer in Los Angeles with the firm of O’Melveny & Myers. His mother, Wilhma Wilson Sill (1893–1971), was the daughter of a carriage trimmer in Illinois.

His brother, Edwin Sill Fussell, was an author, poet, and professor of American Studies at the University of California, San Diego. His sister Florence Fussell Lind lives in Berkeley, California.

Fussell studied at Pomona College and at Harvard University. After he graduated, he served in World War II from 1943 until a year after the war ended in 1946. He was awarded a Bronze Star Medal and a Purple Heart. After the war, he taught at Connecticut College (1951–55) before moving to Rutgers University in 1955 and finally the University of Pennsylvania in 1983. He also taught at the University of Heidelberg (1957–58) and at King’s College London (1990–92).

He was married to Betty Fussell in 1949. The couple had two children, and divorced in 1981. He later was married to Harriette Behringer until his death in 2012. On May 23, 2012, Fussell died in Portland, Oregon of Parkinson's disease at age 88.

Fussell's 1975 book "The Great War" and "Modern Memory" won the National Book Award in category Arts and Letters, the National Book Critics Circle Award for Criticism, and the Ralph Waldo Emerson Award of Phi Beta Kappa. It was ranked number 75 in the Modern Library Board's List of the 100 Best Nonfiction Books of the Twentieth Century.

In 1977, Fussell was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. He won the 2005 Hessell-Tiltman Prize for The Boys' Crusade. Fussell was one of the veterans interviewed in the 2007 Ken Burns and Lynn Novick documentary "The War", and in the 1999 ABC-produced documentary "The Century: America's Time".


Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen

Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is 2009 live-action sequel to Transformers. It was directed by Michael Bay and written by Roberto Orci, Ehren Kruger, and Alex Kurtzman. It stars Shia LaBeouf as Sam Witwicky.

The movie grossed a total of $402 million in North America and $836 million worldwide. It was the second most successful movie of 2009, behind "Avatar".

The movie was nominated for Best Sound Mixing. The movie won five Scream Awards and two Teen Choice Awards. "Revenge of the Fallen" was also nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Science Fiction Film.

It was nominated for seven Razzie Awards. It won three: for the Worst Picture, Worst Director, and Worst Screenplay.

The movie has a sequel, .

In 17,000 B.C., ancient Transformers gather their energy from stars. One of them, called The Fallen, tries to harvest energy from our sun and is defeated by the others. In 2009, a piece of the Allspark, an extremely powerful cube, is used to bring Megatron back to life. Sam Witwicky is going to college, and is being hunted by evil robots, called Decepticons because he has secret knowledge about The Fallen. The good robots, called the Autobots try to protect Sam because if the Decepticons capture him it could lead to the end of the world. The conflict causes the leader of the Autobots, known as Optimus Prime, to be killed in a fight to keep Sam safe. Sam meets an extremely old Transformer who takes him to Egypt, where the device to get energy from the sun is located. He finds an object there, The Matrix of Leadership, which is used to bring Optimus Prime back to life. Optimus Prime and the other Autobots fight the Decepticons, and Optimus Prime kills The Fallen, stopping him from activating the device to take energy from our sun. The Decepticons retreat and Sam returns to college.


Army Burn Hall College

Army Burn Hall College (ABHC) formerly Burn Hall School is a school and college in Abbottabad, Pakistan. In 1948, a year after Pakistan gained independence from the British Empire, a few missionary fathers moved to Abbottabad with a handful of students, from Srinagar, Kashmir, where the original school was, and founded a branch here. Between 1948 and 1977, the school was run by these missionary fathers and supervised by the Board of Education of the Rawalpindi Diocese of the Church of Pakistan. However, in 1977 the fathers were forcibly evicted by the Pakistan Army which took over the institution. They made several changes to the school and its spirit and mode of education, gradually bringing it into line with their own goals and objectives. Since 1990-1991, it is no longer a proper public school along the English model but a military-style graduate college, with separate branches for boys and girls. 

Rabia Basri

Rābia al-Adawiyya al-Qaysiyya (; 717 – 801 AD) was a female Muslim saint and Sufi mystic. She was born in Basra, and is therefore also called Rābia al-Basrī ().

She was the fourth daughter of her family and therefore named Rābi’a, meaning "fourth". Her family was very poor. She was very devoted to God. When Rābia's father died, she became an orphan. She was captured by thieves and sold into slavery. During the day, she worked for her master. During the night, she prayed to God. Once her master learned about her passionate faith, he immediately released her. He decided to serve her instead.

Rābia became an ascetic. Over time, many came to follow her. Even though Rābia did many favors for them and lived in poverty and hardship, she is said to have never asked for anything, even from God.

The name Rābia is used to describe women of the highest type of spirituality. She is considered one of the most devoted Sufi saints. She is highly revered.

2011 Green Bay Packers season

The 2011 Green Bay Packers season was the franchise's 91st season in the National Football League, the 93rd season overall and the sixth under head coach Mike McCarthy.

They were the defending Super Bowl 45 champions after they won against the Steelers 31-25. They not only improved from their 10-6 record but also became the sixth team to win at least 15 games. Like the 2009 Saints, 2005 Colts, and the 1998 Broncos, they won the first 13 games of the season and lost the next game. The 2009 Saints and the 1998 Broncos won their Super Bowls at that time.

Even though they had a 15-1 record, they did not repeat, because they lost to the New York Giants 37-20 in the divisional rounds.

After finishing the 2010 regular season with a 10–6 record, the Packers went 4–0 in the postseason en route to winning Super Bowl XLV. As a result, the Packers received the final selection (32nd) in the first round of the 2011 NFL Draft.





The Packers started their 2011 season by taking on the Saints, the Super Bowl 44 champions. Randall Cobb not only caught his first career touchdown pass in the first quarter, but also returned a kickoff 108 yards for a touchdown. Aaron Rodgers has completed 27 of 35 pass attempts for 312 yards, 3 touchdown passes, no interceptions, and a passer rating of 132.1. With the Packers win, they began 1-0.

Thanksgiving Classic
In a close win 38-35, the Packers improved to 12-0 as Mason Crosby kicked a game winning field goal with 3 seconds left.

The Chiefs stopped the Packers perfect season run in an upset win for Kansas City, making the Packers fall to 13-1.

Christmas Day
Aaron Rodgers was not playing in the game, as he was rested. Brad Jones restrained a fan running on the field during the game.

Stats correct through week 17.



QB Aaron Rodgers was named AP Most Valuable Player






A Goofy Movie

A Goofy Movie is a 1995 American animated musical comedy movie. It was released in theaters on April 7, 1995 by Walt Disney Pictures. The movie has characters from The Disney Afternoon television series "Goof Troop".

A direct-to-video sequel called "An Extremely Goofy Movie" was released in 2000.

It was originally going to come out in November 1994 but was delayed to 1995.


Additionally, Dante Basco, Sheryl Bernstein, Corey Burton, Pat Carroll, E. G. Daily, Carole Holliday, Jay Leno, Steve Moore, Patrick Pinney, Brian Pimental, Phil Proctor and Jason Willinger provide additional voices.

Doug's 1st Movie

Doug's 1st Movie (also known as The First Doug Movie Ever) is a 1999 animated movie. It is the Disney version of the Nickelodeon television series "Doug". It was released by Walt Disney Pictures on March 26, 1999.


The Tigger Movie

The Tigger Movie is a 2000 American-Japanese animated musical comedy-drama movie adapted from A. A. Milne's funny stories. It is part of the "Winnie-the-Pooh" series. The movie has Pooh's friend Tigger in a search for his family tree and other Tiggers like himself.


The movie was nominated for many awards in 2000 including the following:



It was also given an Oppenheim Toy Portfolio Gold Award.

Daniel Baldwin

Daniel Leroy Baldwin (born October 5, 1960) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor, movie producer and movie director who is known for being the brother of Alec Baldwin, Stephen Baldwin, and William Baldwin. He is also known for his roles in "" (1992), "Mulholland Falls" (1996), "Vampires" (1998), "The Pandora Project" (1998), "Stealing Candy (2002), "Paparazzi" (2004), and "Grey Gardens (2009).

Baldwin was born on October 5, 1960 in Massapequa, New York. He studied at from Alfred G. Berner High School and at McKenna Junior High School.


Qateel Shifai

Qateel Shifai (real name Aurangzeb) (24 December 1919 - 11 July 2001) () was a Pakistani Urdu poet of controversial reputation and work.

Qateel Shifai was born in Haripur, Hazara Division, British India (now Pakistan). He adopted 'Qateel Shifai' as his pen name in 1938. Due to his father's early death, Qateel was forced to quit his education. Being unsuccessful in his business he decided to move to Rawalpindi, where he started working for a transport company. In 1946, he was called to Lahore to work as the assistant editor of the monthly 'Adab-e-Latif', a literary magazine.

In January 1947, Qateel was asked to help write the songs of a film by a Lahore-based film producer. The first film he helped penned the lyrics for was "Teri Yaad". After that there was no looking back and initially, after working for some time as assistant lyricist to some of the famous poets/lyricists of the time (c.1947-48 to 1956-57), he eventually became a regular full-time film lyricist. Shifai wrote several collections of his poetry but is best known for being a film lyricist. During the 1970s and 1980s, quite some controversy developed regarding his 'misappropriation' of a couple of old poems, which had been adapted as film lyrics/songs in the movie "Gumnaam" (1954). It was later proved that this song, 'Tu lakh chale ri gori thum thum ke', was not Shifai's work and he had to retract his earlier claim and also remove it from a proposed collection of poems and songs he had planned to publish.

Later on after the late 1980s, Shifai settled down to a full-time career in the film industry and also produced new volumes of poems and songs, which were considered good. A few of these were also awarded literary prizes. However, even then, the rumors and criticism of his work and talent never wholly died out and he remained a somewhat dubious figure until the end of his career.

Shifai died in Lahore in July 2001.


Adventure Time

Adventure Time is an American animated television series created by Pendleton Ward for Cartoon Network. Finn, Jake and BMO live in the Super Adventure Land of Ooo, which is a nation of an overworld version of Earth that has been nearly destroyed by the Great Mushroom War.


Btrfs

Btrfs (B-tree filesystem) is a filesystem for Linux. It is currently considered beta (unfinished) software, but is reasonably feature complete and the on-disk format is finalized. It has many features that ext4 lacked, such spreading one filesystem over multiple hard drives (RAID), and transparent compression, which compresses files without the user having to decompress them manually.

Flugelhorn

A Flügelhorn is a musical instrument, a part of the brass family. It looks similar to the trumpet but the tubing is wider and more conical. It is pitched in Bb like trumpets and cornets. It can have three piston valves like a trumpet, or rotary valves like a French horn. It has been described as being a bugle with valves. The sound is more mellow, not as harsh as a trumpet.

The instrument was developed from German hunting horns, and became popular in brass bands in the 1850's. Performers such as Miles Davis have used the Flügelhorn in jazz recordings.

Loïc Vadelorge

Loïc Vadelorge (born 26 November 1964) is a French historian, teacher of at the Paris 13 University and former teacher at the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines" (1998 to 2009) and at the University of Rouen from 1992 to 1994.

He obtained a PhD in 1996. Member of the Research Centre Economies, Societies, Cultures, his research focuses on the history of cultural policies, the history of cities and equipment.


Maringka Baker

Maringka Baker is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She lives in the Pitjantjatjara community of Kaṉpi, South Australia, and paints for Tjungu Palya, based in nearby Nyapaṟi. Maringka paints sacred stories from her family's Dreaming (spirituality). As well as the important cultural meanings they carry, her paintings are known for being rich in colour and contrast. She often paints the desert landscape in bright green colours, and contrasts it against reds and ochres to depict landforms. She also uses layers of contrasting colours to show the detail of the desert in full bloom.

Maringka was born in outback Western Australia around 1952. She was born at Kaliumpil, an old ceremonial and camping site on the Ngaanyatjarra lands. Her mother and father died when she was a young girl, and Maringka was brought up by Anmanari Brown and her other relatives. She went to primary school on the mission at Warburton, but ran away to join relatives in Ernabella. She later moved to Kaltjiti, where she finished high school and got a job as a teacher.

In the late 1960s, Maringka married a man from Papulankutja. They had a daughter, Elaine, in 1969. Maringka's husband died while Elaine was still a baby. Maringka became a health worker and she moved with her daughter to Irrunytju to work in the local clinic. In the 1980s, Maringka married Douglas Baker (nephew of Jimmy Baker), and they moved back east to live at Kaṉpi.

Maringka began painting in 2004. She paints for Tjungu Palya, a community arts centre based in nearby Nyapaṟi. She has become one of the centre's most well-known painters. Since 2005, Maringka's work has been exhibited in many cities around Australia, including Adelaide, Alice Springs, Broome, Canberra, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney. Overseas, her work has been shown in exhibitions in Singapore, Seattle and London. Her work is held in the National Gallery of Australia, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the Australian National University, and the National Gallery of Victoria.

In 2007, Maringka was one of thirty artists featured in the first National Indigenous Art Triennial exhibition "Culture Warriors". It showed four of her paintings: "Anmangunga" (2006), "Kata Ala" (2006), "Ngura Mankurpa" (2006), and "Kuru Ala" (2007). The last of these, "Kuru Ala", is a depiction of a sacred women's site near Tjuntjuntjara that is associated with the creation story of the Seven Sisters (called Kungkarrakalpa in Pitjantjatjara). It was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2009, and is displayed in the National Gallery in Canberra.


James Sloyan

James Sloyan (born February 20, 1940 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is an American actor. He has acted in the television shows "Star Trek" and "Hawaii 5-O". He acted in the movie "The Sting". He has also acted in soap operas.

Sloyan is married and has two children, Daniel and Samantha. In 1957, he received a scholarship to the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. He is married to actress Deirdre Lanihan.

Burn Hall Srinagar

Burn Hall Srinagar or Burn Hall School Srinagar or sometimes New Burn Hall School, Srinagar is an English-style public school in Srinagar, Kashmir. It was originally established at Baramula, nearby, in the early 1930s by British missionaries. In 1947, India and Pakistan obtained freedom from the British Raj and split up; and at the time, the school also divided into two branches. The original school, shifted from Baramula to Srinagar where it still exists. On the other hand, a branch that was opened as the 'Burn Hall School' in Abbottabad, Pakistan, was taken over by the Pakistan Army. That is now called Army Burn Hall College. 

Farid-ud-din Attar

Abū Hamīd bin Abū Bakr Ibrāhīm better known by his pen-name Farīd-ud-dīn Attār (i.e. 'Farid-ud-din the perfumer'), was a Persian poet, Sufi and Muslim theoretician. Little is known about his life and he was probably born in Nishapur, Persia, sometime in the 1140s. He died in 1220 AD. His most famous works are his long allegorical poem, "Mantiq at -Tayr" (The Conference of Birds) and his account of the lives of many Sufi saints, the "Tazkirat el Auliya", but there is no actual and official proof that it was his book. There is a dispute among religious scholars that this books js just attributed to him.

Lionel Logue

Lionel George Logue (26 February 1880 – 12 April 1953) was an Australian speech therapist, scientist, and stage actor who successfully treated King George VI, who had a pronounced stammer.

Lionel George Logue was born in College Town, Adelaide, South Australia on 26 February 1880. Logue was married to Myrtle Gruenert from 1907 until her death in 1945. They had three children.

Before he ascended the throne, Albert, Duke of York hated public speaking because he suffered from a severe stammer. His closing speech at the British Empire Exhibition at Wembley on 31 October 1925 proved that the speaker and listeners alike. The experience left the Duke resolved to find a way to manage his stammer, so he engaged Logue in 1926.

Diagnosing poor co-ordination between the Duke's larynx and thoracic diaphragm, Logue prescribed a daily hour of vocal exercises. Logue's treatment gave the Duke the confidence to relax and avoid tension-induced muscle spasms. As a result, he suffered only the occasional hesitancy in speech. By 1927, he was speaking confidently and managed his address at the opening of the Old Parliament House in Canberra without stammering.

Logue worked with the Duke through the 1930s and 40s. He used tongue-twisters to help his patient rehearse for major speeches, his coronation, and his radio broadcasts to the British Empire throughout the Second World War. The two men remained friends until the King's death.

Logue died in London, England on 12 April 1953, aged 73 from natural causes. His funeral was held on 17 April 1953 in Holy Trinity, Brompton before his body was cremated.
He was played by actor Geoffrey Rush in Tom Hooper's 2010 movie, "The King's Speech.


Tamara (Spanish singer)

Tamara Macarena Valcárcel Serrano (born 27 June 1984) is a singer from Seville, Spain. She is the granddaughter of singer Rafael Farina.


Carla Medina

Carla Rubí Medina Villarreal (born June 29, 1984), better known as Carla Medina, Carla or Amiga de Alejandro Fernández is a Mexican TV host and singer. She hosted the Disney Channel program "Zapping Zone".

Medina provided the voice of Trixie in the Spanish soundtrack for "Toy Story 3".


René Auberjonois

René Murat Auberjonois (June 1, 1940 – December 8, 2019) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He was known for his roles as Father Mulcahy in movie version of "M*A*S*H", as Chef Louis in "The Little Mermaid", and as Odo in the "" television program. He won a Drama Desk Award and a Tony Award.

Auberjonois was born on June 1, 1940 in New York City, New York. He married Judith Mihalyi in 1963. They had two children.

Auberjonois died from lung cancer at his home in Los Angeles on December 8, 2019, at age 79. Before his death, he took medications relating to assisted suicide.


Nizam-ud-din Auliya

Hazrat Shaikh Khwaja Syed Muhammad Nizamuddin Auliya (1238 – 3 April 1325), also known as Hazrat Nizamuddin, was a famous Sufi saint of the Chishti Order in India. His shrine is in old Delhi and is one of the more important Chishti shrines in all South Asia. 

Pendleton Ward

Pendleton "Pen" Ward (born July 8, 1982) is an American animator, musician, screenwriter and producer who works for Cartoon Network Studios and Frederator Studios. He created the three-time Emmy-nominated "Adventure Time" (2010).

Ward was born on July 8, 1982 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at CalArts.


J. G. Quintel

James Garland "J. G." Quintel (born September 13, 1982) is an American animator, television writer, and voice actor. He is best known as the creator of the animated television series, "Regular Show" on Cartoon Network. He was also the creative director of "The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack" on Cartoon Network. He won an Primetime Emmy Award in 2012.

Quintel was born on September 13, 1982 in Hanford, California. He studied at the California Institute of the Arts. 


Recess: School's Out

Recess: School's Out is a 2001 animated movie. It is based on the Disney television series "Recess". It was released to theaters in the United States on February 16, 2001. It was released on video and DVD on August 7, 2001.

Return to Never Land

Return to Never Land (also known as Peter Pan in Return to Never Land or simply Peter Pan II) is a 2002 American animated movie. It was produced by DisneyToon Studios in Sydney, Australia. The movie is a sequel to the 1953 "Peter Pan".

Because nearly five decades had passed since the original Disney movie, a new cast of voice actors was used for this sequel. Kathryn Beaumont, who was the voice of Wendy in the original, recorded all of the now-adult character's dialogue for "Return to Never Land". Disney Studios later had Kath Soucie completely rerecord the role.


Designer drug

Designer drugs are legal drugs that are made and sold to have the same effects as illegal drugs. These drugs are chemicals that change the way a person acts and feels. The government does not regulate designer drugs and this makes them dangerous to use.

Designer drugs were first sold in the United States around 1925. They were made because a lot of popular drugs were no longer allowed to be used. The government passed a law making drugs like morphine and heroin illegal, causing people to find new drugs. Ecstasy is another drug example. It was legal and used for psychotherapy until 1985 when it was banned. Since 2005, there are many more drugs like these being developed. Now there are designer drugs for several alternative drug groups. These drugs have a lot of different effects and people choose each one for different reasons.

There are different ways that these drugs affect the body. The user can smoke (breathe in), inject, sniff (breathe in the solid), or ingest (eat) the drugs. Once they are inside and in the bloodstream the drug changes the way chemicals are sent throughout the brain. By changing the messages sent, the brain will respond in a way specific to each drug. Some drugs and their effect will be felt in minutes and only last for a few hours. Other drugs will be felt in around an hour and then their effects can last up to several days. The amount of the drug taken can also change how strongly the user reacts to it. Too much of the drug can lead to drug tolerance. Drug tolerance is when the user has taken the drug for a long time and can no longer get the same effect from only taking a small amount of the drug. This will cause the person to take more of the drug to have the same effect. Doing this will eventually lead to an overdose. Designer drugs can be highly addictive so it can be hard to stop taking them in dangerous amounts.

Other names for designer drugs are "bath salts" or "plant food." The real chemicals in these drugs are mephedrone, methylone, and methylenedioxypyrovalerone (MDPV). By writing "Not for human consumption (eating/drinking)" on the bags sellers are able to find a way around selling them online and in stores. Using labels like this help companies get around the Federal Analog Act which makes it illegal to sell drugs like these for human use.

Different types of these drugs include opioids, psychedelics, dissociatives, piperazine-based, entactogens, stimulants, sedatives, cannabinoids, and anabolic steroids. Not all of these drugs are sold as bath salts or designer drugs, but they can be. Sometimes these types of drugs can be used legally or as more serious illegal drugs. 

Because many of these drugs are new in many countries there are not laws regulating them. Recently, if a drug became illegal a new drug would be made that was similar to the original. 

In Germany, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Sweden the government decides what to do with these drugs as problems come up. In Australia the government has not only banned all of these drugs but also drugs that have not been created yet. By banning the process and the use of chemicals that are similar to illegal drugs the government has tried to stop new drugs from developing. This law will not be able to stop new, original drugs from forming, though.

In the United States the Controlled Substances Act and the Controlled Substances Analogue Enforcement of 1986 both tried to make it a crime to make, sell, or own any drug that was chemically similar to an illegal drug.

Royal Birmingham Society of Artists

The Royal Birmingham Society of Artists (also called RBSA) is a group of artists who have a lot of experience and education. It is located in an area of Birmingham, England called the Jewellery Quarter. The RSBA has an art gallery there. It is a charity.

It was opened in 1821 and called the "Birmingham Society of Artists". They had an art gallery and office space located on New Street in 1829. They changed their name to the RBSA in 1868. It was very well known during the Victorian era. It had many famous artists of the time period such as William Morris. RBSA wanted to have an art school, but another art school, the Birmingham School of Art, opened in the area before RBSA could start one. In the late 20th century their original building was going to be destroyed. RBSA moved to an old warehouse. Charles, Prince of Wales opened the new gallery on 12 April 2000. The people who lead the organization are named "President." They have all been artists.

Piglet's Big Movie

Piglet's Big Movie is a 2003 American animated movie. It was released by Walt Disney Pictures on April 22, 2003. It is based on the characters in the "Winnie-the-Pooh" books written by A. A. Milne. In the movie, Piglet is ashamed of being small. He wanders off into the Hundred Acre Woods, leading his friends to form a search party to find him.



Gabriel o Pensador

Gabriel Contino better known as Gabriel o Pensador is a Brazilian rapper. He was born in Rio de Janeiro (city), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on March 4, 1974.
He began his musical career to launch a demo with the song "I'm Happy (I killed the President)" and was soon hired by Sony Music.

Besides singer, Gabriel is a writer in 2001 and released the autobiographical book" Diary" Nocturne, four years later launched" A Boy Called Rorbeto", which won the Jabuti Award best children's book of the year next. In 2008 released the book" My Little Rubro-Negro" and a year later launched a special version of the same book titled" My Little Crimson-Black - Special Edition Hexa".

Teacher's Pet (movie)

Teacher's Pet is a 2004 animated musical movie. It is based on the television series of the same name. The movie ends the central storyline of the series. The movie released theatrically on January 16, 2004.


MV Bill

Alex Pereira Barbosa better known as MV Bill is a Brazilian rapper. He was born in Rio de Janeiro (city), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on January 3, 1974.

Alongside the career of rapper"," MV Bill launched in 2005, along with Celso Athayde, the book" Head Pig". The following year," Falcon - Traffic Kids", available in book and DVD, which became known nationally after viewing the program Fantasy, the Globo.

Pooh's Heffalump Movie

Pooh's Heffalump Movie is a 2005 American animated musical adventure comedy film released by Walt Disney Pictures, featuring characters from A.A. Milne's "Winnie-the-Pooh" stories.

A sequel, "Pooh's Heffalump Halloween Movie", was released direct-to-video on September 13, 2005.


According to the ending credits, additional voices were provided by voice actress Tara Strong.

Rappin' Hood

Rappin' Hood is a Brazilian rapper. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil on June 5, 1972.

In 2008, signed to TV Cultura to present the program Manos e Minas appears on Wednesdays and 19h 30 min. However, he left the program in April 2009, leaving the command of the same for the rapper Thaíde.

Belle's Magical World

Belle's Magical World (also called Beauty and the Beast: Belle's Magical World) is a 1998 American direct-to-video Disney midquel movie. It is the 3rd in the "Beauty and the Beast" trilogy. It was first released on January 13, 1998.

Thaíde

Thaíde is a Brazilian rapper. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil on November 5, 1967.

In April 2009, he took over the program Manos e Minas, the TV Cultura, leaving the program a year later. Signed to TV Bandeirantes in 2010 and currently presents the program "A Liga" on this same station, along with Lobão, Caze Peçanha, Débora Vilalba and Sophia Reis program" and Metro Black Radio" Metropolitana FM of São Paulo along with Marcela Rocha.

Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World

Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World is a 1998 direct-to-video sequel to the 1995 Disney movie "Pocahontas". The movie is inspired by true events in the life of Pocahontas. These events take place several years after meeting John Smith and the founders of Jamestown. The first movie was about her romance with John Smith. This movie is about her romance with the Englishman she married in real life, John Rolfe.

All the returning characters from the first movie keep the same voice actors, except for Captain John Smith who is voiced by Donal Gibson.

Xis

Xis is a Brazilian rapper. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil on November 24, 1972.

He participated in the second edition of Casa dos Artistas in 2002 in SBT. However, at 21 days of confinement, left home due to new program participants. In the same year, he won his second trophy" "Best Video Rap"" in VMB.

The Game of the District Messenger Boy

The Game of the District Messenger Boy; or, Merit Rewarded is a board game published by McLoughlin Brothers in 1886. Players race their tokens around a track as lowly messenger boys. The first player to reach the Head of the Firm space at track's end is the winner. The game is one of the earliest American games to insinuate (suggest as truth) that social status is increased with the accumulation of wealth. Prior to its publication, Christian virtue as a means to a better life was the focus of American board games such as "The Mansion of Happiness". Variants of "District Messenger Boy" include "The Game of the Messenger Boy." Competitive, materialsitic board games culminated in 1935 with "Monopoly".


Warta

The Warta (; ) is a river in western-central Poland. It is a tributary of the Oder river. It is about long. The Warta is Poland's third longest river. Its river basin is . It is connected to the Vistula by the river Noteć and the Bydgoszcz Canal ("Kanał Bydgoski") near Bydgoszcz. 

The Warta river starts in the Kraków-Częstochowa Upland at Kromołów near Zawiercie in the Silesian Voivodeship. It flows through Łódź Voivodeship, Greater Poland (Wielkopolska), and Lubusz Voivodeship. It empties into the Oder river in a town called Kostrzyn nad Odrą, on the border with Germany.

The Warta's river basis was the original territory of Poland. The Polans tribe () lived there starting in the 8th century (700 CE). The Polish national anthem, "Mazurek Dąbrowskiego", mentions the Warta in its second verse.

The Warta river runs through many different cities and towns:





Aura (symptom)

An aura is the changes that people see, hear, smell, taste, or feel before they have an epileptic seizure, or before they have a migraine. It comes from the Greek word for breeze. The cause of the aura is related to the way the brain works, so this is a neurological condition.

There are different kinds of migraines. About 15% of people who have a migraine will have an aura. The symptoms may include visual problems like not being able to see for a short time, seeing zig-zag lines or floating spots, dizziness, a ringing noise in the ears (tinnitus), and problems speaking. It may take up to an hour after the aura begins before a person starts getting a migraine.

Many people with epilepsy have an aura before having a seizure. This can be helpful, because the aura can tell the person that a seizure is coming ahead of time, and give them time to get to a safe place. The time between the aura and the seizure is usually short (often from seconds to minutes).

There are other neurological conditions which can cause aura-like symptoms. These include strokes and panic attacks, for example. 


Scotoma (came from the Greek word for darkness: "skotos"): a "blind spot" or area of reduced vision surrounded by a normal visual field. i.e.: A person can see normally except where the scotoma is. Scotomas may affect one or both eyes. They can be either "absolute," where the person can see nothing within the scotoma, or "relative," where the person can see something within the scotoma, but less than usual.

Eupleridae

The family Eupleridae is a group of carnivores found in Madagascar. The family has of eight species and seven genera in two subfamilies. They live in a variety of habitats, from humid forests, marshes, bogs, and swamps, to deserts and savannas.

The Euplerids are a clade. They are descendents of ancestors which rafted over from Africa about 20 million years ago (mya). They are closely related to mongooses. The fossa and the Malagasy civet ("Fossa fossana") are believed to be the most ancient surviving species in this group.
Euplerids usually have slender bodies with relatively small heads. Head and body length ranges from 250 mm to 800 mm. Euplerids are primarily carnivorous, eating small mammals, birds, reptiles, frogs, insects, crustaceans, and other invertebrates. "Fossa fossana" and "Galidia elegans" may also eat some fruit.

Fossas form monogamous pairs, while species in the genera "Galidia", "Mungotictis", and "Salanoia" live alone or in pairs, suggesting that they are monogamous for one breeding season only. "Mungotictis" individuals live in small groups with several adults of each sex, but it is not known if all of the adults in a group breed. "Cryptoprocta" only live alone, suggesting a polygynous or polygynandrous mating system.

Euplerids have definite breeding seasons. Each species' season is different and lasts from two to eight months. Gestation lasts around three months. Usually, just one or two young are born per litter, though Cryptoprocta can have up to four. Weaning takes place between two and four and a half months.

All species in this family are threatened. The main causes are loss of habitat and hunting by humans or dogs. (IUCN 2006)

Tracey Walter

Tracey Walter (born November 25, 1947) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his role as Bob the Goon in Tim Burton's 1989 movie "Batman". He won a Saturn Award in 1984.

Walter was born on November 25, 1947 in Jersey City, New Jersey.


Montgomery Clift

Montgomery Edward "Monty" Clift (October 17, 1920 – July 23, 1966) was an American movie, television, radio, and stage actor who is known for his roles in "From Here to Eternity", "A Place in the Sun", "The Misfits", "Red River", and in "Judgement at Nuremberg". He was nominated four times for an Academy Award. His great-great-grandfather was politician Francis Preston Blair.

Clift was born on October 17, 1920, in Omaha, Nebraska. He was raised in Jackson Heights, Queens, New York City. He began his career in Broadway in 1935 when he was only 13 years old. He worked with many famous actors such as Marlon Brando and Elizabeth Taylor.

He was never married and had no children. He was homosexual. He had a boyfriend with Maurice Leonard. Clift died on July 23, 1966 in New York City from a heart attack caused by coronary artery disease, aged 45.


League of Legends

League of Legends (LoL) is a multiplayer online battle arena video game. It was created by Riot Games. People can play the game on Microsoft Windows and macOS. The game is free-to-play, meaning people do not need to pay money to play the game. The game uses a freemium way to make money. League of Legends was inspired by "Defense of the Ancients" ("DotA").

As of 2013, it is the most played computer game in the world with over 32 million active users per month. It is currently the most played game in the world by active users per month. The game is very popular for professional competitions.

In League of Legends, the player who is called a "summoner" selects a “champion” from a pool of 163 (As of November 2023) possible choices, each with their own set of unique abilities. Each player plays in a team with 4 other summoners against another 5 person team. The goal of the team is to make it to the opposite team’s base, called a "nexus", and destroy it in one of 3 battle arenas, called maps. However, to accomplish this, teams must first destroy 3 "towers" and an "inhibitor" in at least one "lane". The Nexus also spawns AI-controlled minions for each team, that move forward and attack the first enemy champion, minion, or turret they see. The most popular map, Summoner's Rift, is split into three lanes that each have three turrets and an inhibitor. Players can kill minions, or other enemy players to gain gold which can be spent on items to make their champion stronger.

Between each lane are paths where neutral monsters spawn, called the "jungle". Either side can kill these monsters to gain gold, experience and buffs.

Each champion has three normal abilities and an ultimate ability. Killing minions, jungle monsters and enemy champions gives experience and when a certain amount is reached the champion 'levels up' and the player can spend a point to improve one of their abilities. There are 18 levels and points can be spent in any order. However, these points can only be used to buy a champion's ultimate ability and it's improvements at levels 6, 11 and 16.

Player experience and intelligence points are earned by playing matches over time. Player accounts begin at level one. There is no level cap, but some of the game modes are not unlocked until level 30. Some players create secondary accounts, known as smurf accounts, to play at lower levels or against less experienced players. They also unlock abilities called summoner spells that can be used in game, as well as Runes. These provide small bonuses during the game.


Ibn ul-Arabi

Hazrat Sheikh Mohye-ed-din Ibn ul-Arabī (Arabic: ابن عربي) (July 28, 1165 – November 10, 1240) was an Arab Andalusian Sufi mystic, poet and philosopher. 

He is renowned in the Muslim world as "Sheikh ul Akbar" (The Greatest Sheikh), for his famous explanation of the concept of "Tawhid" (Oneness of God) through the concept or perception of the idea of "Wahdat ul Wajood" (Oneness of Being).

He was born in Murcia. When he was a child his family moved to Seville. Despite living in Spain, he visited North Africa a lot. In 1202 he visited Mecca, as part of his Hajj. He lived in Mecca for three years. He also visited Syria, Iraq, Turkey and Palestine. He would eventually move to Damascus. He died there in 1240. 

His most famous book is called "The Meccan Revelations" ("Al-Futuhat al-Makkiyya" in Arabic). It has 560 chapters. In the book, he writes about cosmology, metaphysics, religion, and Islam. 

Abdul Qadir Gilani

ʿAbd al-Qādir Gīlānī, (, formally Muḥyī l-Dīn Abū Muḥammad b. Abū Sālih ʿAbd al-Qādir al-Gīlānī al-Ḥasanī wa'l-Ḥusaynī (, (, (, (), known as for short was a Hanbali Sunni Muslim preacher, orator, ascetic, mystic, sayyid, faqīh, and theologian. He was known for being the eponymous founder of the Qadiriyya tariqa (Sufi order) of Sufism.

Born 29 Sha'ban 470 AH (around 1077) in the town of Na'if, district of Gilan-e Gharb, Gilan, Iran and died Monday, February 14, 1166 (11 Rabi' al-Thani 561 AH), in Baghdad, (1077–1166 CE), was a Persian Hanbali Sunni jurist and sufi based in Baghdad. The Qadiriyya tariqa is named after him. And say that he was born in Gilan Iraq, a historic village near the cities (Al-Mada'in) of 40 kilometers south of Baghdad, as evidenced by historical studies academic and adopted by the Gilan Family in Baghdad.

The name "Muhiyudin" describes him as a "reviver of religion". Gilan (Arabic "al-Jilani") refers to his place of birth, Gilan. However, Gilani also carried the epithet "Baghdadi." referring to his residence and burial in Baghdad.

Gilani's father was from Sharif's Al-Hassani lineage. He was respected as a saint by the people of his day, and was known as "Jangi Dost" "who loves God", thus "Jangidost" was his sobriquet.

Gilani spent his early life in Gilan, the town of his birth. In 1095, at the age of eighteen years, he went to Baghdad. There, he pursued the study of Hanbali law under Abu Saeed Mubarak Makhzoomi and ibn Aqil. He was given lessons on Hadith by Abu Muhammad Ja'far al-Sarraj. His Sufi spiritual instructor was Abu'l-Khair Hammad ibn Muslim al-Dabbas. (A detailed description of his various teachers and subjects are included below). After completing his education, Gilani left Baghdad. He spent twenty-five years as a reclusive wanderer in the desert regions of Iraq.

At the age of 18, Gilani went to Baghdad to study the Hanbali school of fiqh.

In 1127, Gilani returned to Baghdad and began to preach to the public. He joined the teaching staff of the school belonging to his own teacher, al-Mazkhzoomi, and was popular with students. In the morning he taught hadith and tafsir, and in the afternoon he held discourse on the science of the heart and the virtues of the Quran. He was said to have been a convincing preacher and converted numerous Jews and Christians. His strength came in the reconciling of the mystical nature of Sufism and strict nature of the Quran.

Gilani died in the evening of Tuesday, February 21, 1166 (11th Rabi' al-thani 561 AH) at the age of ninety one years according to the Islamic calendar. His body was entombed in a shrine within his madrasa in Babul-Sheikh, Rusafa on the east bank of the Tigris in Baghdad, Iraq. During the reign of the Safavid Shah Ismail I, Gilani's shrine was destroyed. However, in 1535, the Ottoman Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent had a "turba" (dome) built over the shrine, which exists to this day.

1 Ramadan is celebrated as the birthday of Abdul Qadir Gilani while the death anniversary is on 11 Rabi us Thani though some scholars and traditions say 29 Shaban and 17 Rabi us Sani as birth and death day respectively. The later is called in the Subcontinent as Giyarwee Shareef or Honoured Day of 11th.




Donald Keene

Donald Lawrence Keene (June 18, 1922 – February 24, 2019), also known as , was an American and Japanese scholar, teacher, writer, translator and Japan studies expert.

Keene's contributions to the understanding of Japanese culture were recognized by the Japanese government in 2002 and in 2008. In 2012, Keene became a Japanese citizen and he explained, 

Keene was born in Brooklyn in New York City. He received a Bachelor's degree from Columbia in 1942. He studied Japanese language at the U.S. Navy Japanese Language School. After World War II, he returned to Columbia where he earned a master's degree in 1947.

He earned a Ph.D. from Columbia in 1951. In this period, Ryūsaku Tsunoda became his mentor.

Starting in 1955, Keene was a professor at Columbia University for over fifty years. He retired from Columbia after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. He became a Japanese citizen under the name "Kīn Donarudo".

His first visit to Japan was during the Battle of Okinawa in 1945.

Keene died on February 24, 2019 in Tokyo from heart failure, aged 96.
In an overview of writings by and about Keene, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 600+ works in 1,400+ publications in 16 languages and 39,000+ library holdings. 



Katherine LaNasa

Katherine LaNasa (born December 1, 1966 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American movie and TV actress and dancer. She has acted in many television programs and movies. LaNasa was married to actors Dennis Hopper, French Stewart and Grant Show.

Ryūsaku Tsunoda

Tsunoda was responsible for the early growth of the Japanese language and literature collection at Columbia's library. 
Tsunoda's best known students was Donald Keene. Keene's opinion of Tsunoda was explaind in a lecture given at Waseda University in 1994:

According to Sir George Sansom, Tsunoda was the "father of Japanese studies in America".

In an overview of writings by and about Tsunoda, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 50 works in 100+2 publications in 4 languages and 2,000+ library holdings. 




Breton Party

The Breton Party (, ) is a social-democratic and social-liberal nationalist party which aspires to the creation of an independent Brittany, within the European Union.

Minkowski spacetime

In special relativity, the Minkowski spacetime is a four-dimensional manifold, created by Hermann Minkowski. It has four dimensions: three dimensions of space (x, y, z) and one dimension of time. Minkowski spacetime has a metric signature of (-+++), and describes a flat surface when no mass is present. The convention in this article is to call Minkowski spacetime simply spacetime. 

However, Minkowski spacetime only applies in special relativity. General relativity used the notion of curved spacetime to describe the effects of gravity and accelerated motion.

Spacetime can be thought of as a four-dimensional coordinate system in which the axes are given by 

formula_1

They can also be denoted by

formula_2

Where formula_3 represents formula_4. The reason for measuring time in units of the speed of light times the time coordinate is so that the units for time are the same as the units for space. Spacetime has the differential for arc length given by

formula_5

This implies that spacetime has a metric tensor given by

formula_6

As before stated, spacetime is flat everywhere; to some extent, it can be thought of as a plane. 

Spacetime can be thought of as the "arena" in which all of the events in the universe take place. All that one needs to specify a point in spacetime is a certain time and a typical spatial orientation. It is hard (virtually impossible) to visualize four dimensions, but some analogy can be made, using the method below.

Hermann Minkowski introduced a certain method for graphing coordinate systems in Minkowski spacetime. As seen to the right, different coordinate systems will disagree on an object's spatial orientation and/or position in time. As you can see from the diagram, there is only one spatial axis (the x-axis) and one time axis (the ct-axis). If need be, one can introduce an extra spatial dimension, (the y-axis); unfortunately, this is the limit to the number of dimensions: graphing in four dimensions is impossible. The rule for graphing in Minkowski spacetime goes as follows:

1) The angle between the x-axis and the x'-axis is given by formula_7 where v is the velocity of the object

2) The speed of light through spacetime "always" makes an angle of 45 degrees with either axis.

In the general theory of relativity, Einstein used the equation

formula_8

To allow for spacetime to actually curve; the resulting effects are those of gravity. 


Diane Pretty

Diane Pretty (15 November 1959 - 11 May 2002) was a British woman who became known for a debate on laws of euthanasia. She had attempted to change British law so she could end her own life because of the pains and problems of the terminal illness motor neurone disease.

Over time, the disease worsened and made it impossible for her to move or communicate easily even though her mental faculties remained normal. The illness resulted in her having to be looked after continuously by her husband and nurses. Pretty took her case to court using the Human Rights Act to argue not to prosecute anybody involved in helping her to die. British courts did not accept Pretty's arguments, with the House of Lords eventually turning her case down. The European Court of Human Rights refused to acknowledge that the European Convention on Human Rights provided a right to die, and her appeal to that court also failed. She died aged 43, as a result of her condition.

Megaevolution

Megaevolution is a term which describes the most dramatic events in evolution. By that is not meant a different kind of evolution; rather, it means evolution which produces a tremendous effect. It is not suggested that the evolutionary processes involved are special although, in some cases they might be. Since the word 'macroevolution' can apply to relatively modest changes at the species and genus level, 'megaevolution' may be used for really huge changes.

The adaptive radiation of birds in the Lower Cretaceous, teleosts in the Cretaceous, flowering plants in the Upper Cretaceous, mammals in the Eocene, moths in the Cretaceous are striking examples of macroevolution. However, there are even more important events in the history of life. An interesting list was prepared by Maynard Smith and Szathmáry, which they called the major transitions in evolution. They did the list twice.


Some of these topics have been discussed before.

Numbers one to six on the list are about events which are of huge importance, but about which we know relatively little. All occurred before (and mostly very much before) the fossil record started, or at least before the Phanerozoic eon.

Numbers seven and eight on the list are of a different kind from the first six, and are generally not considered by the other authors. Number four is of a type which is not covered by traditional evolutionary theory, The origin of eukaryotic cells is probably due to symbiosis between prokaryotes. This is a kind of evolution which must be a rare event.

The Cambrian explosion or Cambrian radiation was the relatively rapid appearance of most major animal phyla around 530 million years ago (mya) in the fossil record. It is the classic example of megaevolution. "The fossil record documents two mutually exclusive macroevolutionary modes separated by the transitional Ediacaran period".

Before about 580 mya it seems that most organisms were simple. They were made of individual cells occasionally organized into colonies. Over the following 70 or 80 million years the rate of evolution accelerated by an order of magnitude. Normally rates of evolution are measured by the extinction and origination rate of species, but here we can say that by the end of the Cambrian every phylum, or almost every phylum, existed.

The diversity of life began to resemble that of today.

The Cambrian explosion has caused much scientific debate. The seemingly rapid appearance of fossils in the 'primordial strata' was noted as early as the mid 19th century, and Charles Darwin saw it as one of the main objections that could be made against his theory of evolution by natural selection.

Deep Impact (space mission)

Deep Impact was a NASA space probe to study comets. It was sent out to meet Comet Tempel 1, and to crash a smaller space rocket deep into the comet's surface. 

Deep Impact was launched on January 12, 2005 from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at Cape Canaveral, Florida. The rocket used was Delta II. It reached the comet in July 2005, from Earth. After taking photos, the impactor spacecraft was sent to crash into the surface on July 4, 2005. This created a huge crater and blasted parts of the comet into space. Deep Impact was able to study this debris which included ice and dust from deep inside the comet. This has helped scientists understand what comets are made of.

From the explosion scientists discovered that the comet had water ice both on the surface and deep inside. One scientist described it as being like a "...skating rink of snowy dirt." They were able to work out the comet was formed in the area between Uranus and Neptune.

After the mission, NASA decided to send Deep Impact to study the Comet 85P/Boethin. However the comet did not return on its expected 11 year path around the sun, and has not been seen since.

Tempel 1

Tempel 1 is a comet which orbits the sun every 5.5 years. It was discovered in 1867 by the astronomer Ernest Tempel. On July 4, 2005, NASA fired a spacecraft from Deep Impact into its surface creating a spectacular explosion. Scientists were able to study the debris from the explosion to discover what the comet was made from. They discovered that part of the comet was covered in water ice which made it like a skating rink. This was the first time that evidence of water had been found on a comet.

Positronium

Positronium is an onium, a type of exotic atom that is made of a particle and its antiparticle. In Positronium, one positron and one electron are bonded together. The positron replaces a proton that would normally be present in a Hydrogen atom. They both stay in the same orbital. The atom is unstable, and a few nanoseconds after it is created, the positron and the electron collide, destroying the Positronium and forming two gamma rays.

Positronium can form molecules, like normal atoms. It can bond with both other exotic atoms and normal atoms.

Di-positronium is a simple molecule made from two positronium atoms bonded together. It was predicted in 1946 by John Archibald Wheeler, but was discovered in 2007 by David Cassidy and Allen Mills, when they fired positrons at molecules of silicon dioxide.

Positronium hydride, also called hydrogen positride, is an exotic molecule made of an atom of hydrogen bonded to a positronium atom. It was predicted in 1951 by A Ore, but was not discovered until 1990 by R. Pareja and R. Gonzalez, who discovered it when they trapped positronium in hydrogen-magnesia crystals.

Belize Barrier Reef

The Belize Barrier Reef is a series of coral reefs. It goes along the coast of Belize, about offshore in the north and in the south. The Belize Barrier Reef is a long section of the long Mesoamerican Barrier Reef System. The reef system runs continuous from Cancún on the northeast tip of the Yucatán Peninsula through the Riviera Maya down to Honduras. This makes it one of the largest coral reef systems in the world after the Great Barrier Reef in Australia and the New Caledonia Barrier Reef. 

Charles Darwin described it as "the most remarkable reef in the West Indies" in 1842.

The Belize Barrier Reef is home to many different plants and animals. There are:
About 90% of the reef still needs to be researched. It is thought that only 10% of all species have been discovered.

San Ignacio, Belize

San Ignacio is a town in western Belize. It is the capital of Cayo District. The town grew from Mahogany and chicle production during British rule. 

San Ignacio is on the banks of the Macal and Mopan Rivers.

San Pedro Town

San Pedro is a town in Belize. It is on the southern part of the island of Ambergris Caye. English is the main language spoken, however many people speak Spanish.

One of the main industries in the town is tourism, most notably scuba diving. Ambergis Museum is in the town.

Benque Viejo del Carmen

Benque Viejo del Carmen (usually shortened to "Benque") is a town in the country of Belize. It is in the Cayo District. The northern edge of the town is along the Mopan River. The river also forms the border with Guatemala. Benque Viejo is a growing town rich with culture and activities. It is a short 5 minute walk to the famous Xunantunich ruins. It also is home to Actun Chapat, a large underground cave system, popular with tourists. An addition of a new Municipal market in Sept 6 2014 . A new hotel the Benque Resort. The addition of Tropic Air extending flights to Maya Flats, has increased the interest and visitors to Benque. Benque is experiencing a growing expat population of retirees, as it was voted cleanest and safest town in Belize.
Once a bustling center of trade for logwood and chicle, Benque is now experiencing growth in tourism, and the addition of a Free trade zone has contributed to the growth and prosperity of the town. Residents enjoy a variety of activities in the town, one of the most popular is river tubing. Leaving from the dock at the Benque Resort on Riverside, visitors and residents, can enjoy the beautiful greenish/blue waters of the Mopan River and float downstream to the Mayan ruins of Xunantunich, a popular tourist destination, which features one of the largest pyramids in Belize. A popular House of Culture features a Marimba academy,art classes,dance and music classes to residents and visitors alike. A 100-acre Art park Poustinia on the outskirts of Benque features fabulous works, created by groups and students from all over the world. A publishing house, Cubola books, and a recording studio, Stonetree records, have made this town popular amongst artists from all over the world. The addition of Cave Garden coffee house and resident artist and world renowned master flutist Pablo Collado has entertained countless groups and dignitaries.

Belize dollar

The Belize dollar is the official currency in Belize. It is normally abbreviated with the dollar sign "$". It is sometimes written as "BZ$" to be different from other dollars. It is divided into 100 cents. 

Venison

Venison is the meat of a game animal, normally a elk or deer.

Venison may be eaten as steaks, tenderloins, roasts, sausages, jerky and minced meat. Venison has less fat than similar cuts of beef. However, like beef, leaner cuts can be tougher as well. Venison can be kosher.

Paca

The genus Cuniculus has the two species of paca. 


Pacas are found from southern Mexico to northern Argentina. They are a source of meat in many places.

Both species of paca eat mainly fruit. Other foods include roots, seeds, leaves, buds, and flowers. In the wild, pacas are herbivores, meaning they eat only plants. In captivity, they are omnivores, meaning they eat both plants and flesh. Pacas in zoos eat fruits, vegetables, raw meat, lizards, and insects.

Open Database License

The Open Database License (ODbL) is a copyright license for sharing database contents. The ODbL is "copyleft" because it makes the copyrighted work easier to share.

The license is provided by the Open Knowledge Foundation.

In September 2012 the OpenStreetMap (OSM) project moved from a Creative Commons license to ODbL. 


Habanero chili

The habanero chili is a type of chili pepper. Unripe habaneros are green. They color as they mature. Common colors are orange and red, but white, brown, and pink are also seen. Typically a ripe habanero chili is long. Habanero chilis are very spicy, rated 100,000–350,000 on the Scoville scale.

The habanero chili comes from the Amazonas region. From there it was spread in Mexico. The habanero is a perennial flowering plant. With proper care and growing conditions, it can produce flowers (and thus fruit) for many years.

Cross Country Cycling Classic

The Holy Saturday Cross Country Cycling Classic is a one-day amateur cycling race in Belize. It happens every year during the Easter holidays. It is Belize's biggest cycling event and it has begun to be recognized internationally. The name is usually shortened to the Cross Country Cycling Classic or "Cross Country" for short. The race is about 140 miles long.

Prosthechea cochleata

Prosthechea cochleata is an orchid that lives in Central America, the West Indies, Colombia, Venezuela, and southern Florida. It is commonly called the Cockleshell Orchid or Clamshell Orchid

"Prosthechea cochleata" is the national flower of Belize, where it is known as the Black Orchid.

Big leaf mahogany

Big leaf mahogany ("Swietenia macrophylla") is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family. It is one of two species with genuine mahogany timber.

The species is also known under other common names, including broad-leaved mahogany, Brazilian mahogany, Honduras mahogany, large-leaved mahogany, genuine mahogany, sky fruit, and tropical American mahogany, among others.

The plant lives in North and South America, and the Caribbean.

Cape Canaveral Air Force Station

The Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS) is (a former name of a) part of the United States Air Force Space Command. The Space Command's 45th Space Wing is based at the nearby Patrick Air Force Base. The CCAFS is at Cape Canaveral, Florida. It is next to the Kennedy Space Center which is on Merritt Island. The two facilities have access to the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Skid Strip which is a large runway for military aircraft bringing heavy and oversize loads. the CCAFS has four active launch pads for space rockets.

Many space missions have been launched from CCAFS. For example:


Delta II

Delta II was a rocket used to launch various projects into space. The Delta series of rockets were first designed and made by McDonnell Douglas. This company joined with Boeing in 1997. Delta II rockets had been made since 2006 by United Launch Alliance, which is a joint company owned by Boeing and Lockheed Martin to supply launch rockets to the US government. Boeing Launch Services supplied Delta II rockets to private companies.

The Delta II rockets were based on the Thor rockets built in the 1950's. These were used to carry Inter Continental Ballistic Missiles. The first Thor was launched on January 26, 1957. The Delta II rocket was first launched on 14 February 1989. The rocket was developed after the explosion of the in 1986. The US Air Force needed another way to launch its GPS satellites. As of 2018, there had been 156 Delta II launches from both Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Vandenberg Air Force Base. Only two launches were unsuccessful. On 5 August 1995, a rocket motor failure meant the Koreasat 1 was put into a lower orbit. On 17 January 1997, Delta 241 carrying the GPS IIR-1 exploded 13 seconds after taking off.

The last time the Delta II took off on 15 September 2018, when she carried the ICESat-2 satellite.


Bell's palsy

Bell's palsy is a paralysis of the face on one side. It is caused by inflammation of a facial nerve. The sufferer cannot move the muscles on the affected side of the face. 

Several conditions can cause facial paralysis, such as brain tumors, strokes, and Lyme disease. Bell's palsy is named after Scottish anatomist Charles Bell. Bell first described the disease. It is the most common acute disease involving only one nerve, and it is the most common cause of sudden facial nerve paralysis.

Bell's palsy involves a rapid start of partial or complete paralysis that often occurs overnight. Scientists believe that inflammation leads to swelling of the facial nerve. The nerve travels through the skull in a narrow bone canal beneath the ear. Nerve swelling and compression in the narrow bone canal are thought to stop the nerve from working. At times of lowered immunity, a dormant (sleeping) virus, usually the chicken pox or cold sore virus, can wake up and attack the nerve causing it to swell. The main symptoms of Bell's palsy are one-sided facial paralysis, jaw pain, dizziness, strengthened hearing in one ear, and weakened taste sense.

Bell's palsy usually cures itself, sometimes in a few weeks. Corticosteroids (cortisone steroids) have been found to improve the condition while anti-viral drugs have not. Early treatment is necessary for steroids or drugs to be effective, but it is controversial wether or not they work. Most people recover spontaneously and achieve near-normal to normal functions. Some people however will never regain full facial movement, or it may take a longer time. Many show signs of improvement as early as 10 days after the onset, even without treatment.

Often those suffering from Bell's palsy cannot open the eye in the affected side. The eye must be protected from drying up, or the cornea may be permanently damaged. The affected eye may need to be taped shut when sleeping.

Sauli Niinistö

Sauli Väinämö Niinistö (born 24 August 1948) is a former Finnish president. He was President of Finland from 2012 until 2024.

A lawyer by education, Niinistö was Minister of Finance from 1996 to 2003 and the National Coalition Party candidate in the 2006 presidential election. He served as the Speaker of the Parliament of Finland from 2007 to 2011 and has been the Honorary President of the European People's Party (EPP) since 2002.

Niinistö was the National Coalition Party candidate in the 2012 presidential election, beating Pekka Haavisto of the Green League with 62.6% of the vote in the decisive second round. Niinistö assumed office on 1 March 2012, and is the first president from the National Coalition Party since Juho Kusti Paasikivi, who left office in 1956.

Niinistö served on the municipal council of Salo from 1977 to 1992 and was elected a Member of the Finnish Parliament (Eduskunta) from the district of Finland Proper in 1987. In 1994 he was chosen to lead the National Coalition Party as the party chairman

Niinistö's first wife Marja-Leena Niinistö died in a car accident in 1995. Niinistö married his second wife Jenni Haukio (born 1977) in January 2009.Sale on Kona ukko

Claude Dubar

Claude Dubar (born 11 December 1945) is an academic French sociologist.

After his teaching experience at Beirut, Lebanon in 1974, he became professor at the Lille University of Science and Technology in 1977. His thesis focuses on vocational training in France

In 1988, he joined the "Centre d'études et de recherches sur les qualifications" (Centre for Studies and Research on Qualifications) in Paris, researching relations between the sociology of education and work, and especially the sociology of professional identities.

Since 1993 till ???, he has been a sociology teacher at the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines". In 2012, he is "Emeritus Professor" (retired, with an honorific position given by Université).


Grus

Grus is a genus of large birds in the crane family.


Jimmy Baker

Jimmy Baker (born as Pintjutjara; about 1915 – 20 April 2010) was an Australian Aboriginal artist.

Jimmy Baker was born some time around 1915. He was born at Malumpa, an old camping site near what is now Kaṉpi in north-western South Australia. His name at the time was Pintjutjara. He had a brother, Toby Ginger Baker, and a sister, Tjuwilya. He and his family lived a traditional, nomadic life in the desert, and had no contact with Euro-Australian society. Their first encounter with White people was in the early 1920s, with a group of Christian missionaries travelling from Ernabella to Warburton. On their way back, the missionaries tried to persuade the family to come with them to Ernabella, but Jimmy's father, Tjuwintjara, was not ready to give up life in the bush.

When Jimmy was a teenager, his father encountered an expedition led by anthropologist Ted Strehlow. Strehlow gave Tjuwintjara food in exchange for his help as a guide. Strehlow also gave the family a letter that entitled them to access the food stores at Ernabella. Because of this, the family decided to leave the desert behind, and they finally settled at Ernabella a short time after 1930.

Jimmy's father remained very traditional. He was well known for his survival skills and knowledge of the desert. In 1939, he acted as a guide for Strehlow and Charles Duguid on their expedition to the Petermann Ranges.

At Ernabella, Jimmy's first job was baking bread. Because of this, he was given the surname "Baker", and he chose the Christian name of "Jimmy" himself. Later, he got a job building fences on nearby stations, first at Kenmore Park and then Everard Park. In the late 1930s, Jimmy got married to a woman named Nyinmungka, who he met while working at Everard Park. The two of them moved back to Kenmore Park to live. They had one son and two daughters: Anton, Kay and Marita. All of Jimmy's children became artists and founding members of the Tjunga Palya centre.

In his later years, Jimmy became an important "ngangkaṟi" (traditional healer). He travelled far around central Australia, applying his traditional knowledge and skills. He and his wife lived in Kaltjiti, but Jimmy wanted to move closer to his family's homeland near Malumpa. In the early 1990s, he and two of his nephews, Ivan and Douglas Baker, established Kaṉpi as an outstation for their families.

Jimmy did not begin painting until 2004, six years before his death. Until about the 1980s, men's traditional art was widely considered sacred by Pitjantjatjara, and was not displayed in public like women's art was. Pintupi men in the north began painting in the 1970s, at Papunya Tula. This was considered sacrilege by other Western Desert groups, because knowledge of sacred law is considered dangerous. The sacred images in the paintings were obscured, though, and encrypted (hidden) by dots and lines. When the art style became popular, more and more Pitjantjatjara men began to paint.

Baker began painting as a way to preserve his stories and culture. Because he was a "ngangkaṟi", he knew more about his country's sacred Dreaming stories than most. His paintings represent stories from the time of creation that dictate sacred law ("Tjukurpa") for Pitjantjatjara people. Although he began very late in life, his paintings quickly became well known. The first major exhibition to show his work was an annual group exhibition called "Desert Mob", in Alice Springs. It first featured his work in 2005, and again every year after that until 2009. In 2007, Baker was one of thirty artists featured in the first National Indigenous Art Triennial exhibition "Culture Warriors". It showed three of his paintings: "Katatjita" (2006), "Wanampi Kutjara" (2006) and "Piltati" (2007). He was interviewed on South Australian television, speaking through a translator.

Having only painted for six years, Baker produced only a small number of works. His works are rare, and were considered valuable even when he was alive. Most of them are acrylic paintings done on canvas (cotton duck). He uses rich colours in the "dot" style that has become classical in Western Desert art.

Jimmy died in 2010, from a problem with his lungs. His work is major several major public and private collections in Australia, including the Art Gallery of South Australia, the National Gallery of Victoria, and the National Gallery of Australia. As well as his children, several of his grandchildren are also well-known artists painting for Tjungu Palya.

Atacama Large Millimeter Array

The Atacama Large Millimeter/sub-millimeter Array (ALMA) is an array of radio telescopes in the Atacama Desert of northern Chile. A high and dry site is very important for millimeter wavelength work. ALMA is being built on the Chajnantor plateau at 5000 metres altitude. It will have 66 12-meter and 7-meter diameter radio telescopes observing at millimeter and sub-millimeter wavelengths. ALMA is expected to help scientists understand how stars were created during the early universe. It will also provide detailed imaging of local star and planet formation. 

ALMA is being built by Europe, the United States, Canada, East Asia and the Republic of Chile. Costing more than a billion US dollars, it is the worlds's most expensive ground-based telescope. ALMA began scientific observations in the second half of 2011 and the first images were released to the press on 3 October 2011. The project is should be fully operational by March 2013.

Telek

George Mamua Telek (born 1969), commonly known simply as Telek, is a musician from Papua New Guinea. He is one of the country's most successful musicians, and his music is well known in Australia and the Pacific Islands. Telek was born in Raluana, a village near Rabaul in New Britain. He sings in his native language, Kuanua, and also in Tok Pisin.

Telek sang with various bands in Papua New Guinea early in his career, most notably with the group Painim Wok, famous in the 1980s. Telek met Australian musician David Bridie in Rabaul in the mid-1980s. Together they recorded the very successful album "Tabaran".

Telek recorded his first solo album, "Telek", outside Papua New Guinea in 1997. This album won an ARIA award for Best World Music Album. He recorded his second international album "Serious Tam" in 2000 at Peter Gabriel's studios in London. The next album he released was "Amette", in 2004. He recorded it in Bridie's studio in Melbourne. His most recent album "Akave" was released through the Wantok Music-label.

Halo 4

Halo 4 is a first-person shooter video game made by 343 Industries. It is published by Microsoft Studios and is available for Xbox 360.

The game was announced at E3 2011 on June 4, 2011. Halo 4 sees the return of Master Chief and Cortana. On September 26, 2012, Halo 4 was announced that it had completed development and the game was released worldwide (except Japan) on November 6, 2012. Halo 4 was released in Japan on November 8, 2012.


Jill Stein

Jill Ellen Stein (born May 14, 1950) is an American physician specializing in Internal Medicine. She was the nominee of the Green Party for President of the United States in the 2012 election. Stein was a candidate for Governor of Massachusetts in the 2002 and the 2010 elections. She was the Green Party nomination for President in the 2016 U.S. presidential elections. She was the campaign manager of Cornel West's 2024 presidential campaign. In November 2023, Stein announced that she would run for the Green Party nomination for president in the 2024 presidential election.


Virgil Goode

Virgil Hamlin Goode, Jr. (, born October 17, 1946) is an American politician who was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1997 to 2009, first as a Democrat; in 2000 he switched to the Republican Party. He represented the 5th congressional district of Virginia. He lost his seat in the 2008 election to Democrat Tom Perriello. Goode subsequently joined the Constitution Party. He was the party's 2012 presidential nominee.



Dundalk F.C.

Dundalk Football Club () is a professional Irish football club based in Dundalk, County Louth. The club currently play in the Premier Division of the League of Ireland. Founded in 1903, they are the second most successful team, in terms of trophies won, in the history of the League of Ireland. The traditional colours of the club are white jerseys with black shorts. Due to their white jerseys, they have been nicknamed the Lilywhites. They play their home games in Oriel Park.

Watatsu Shrine

The shrine was established before the 10th century. This place is special to the "kami" named . Isonotakeru is said to have taught people shipbuilding and how to use ships.

Each year in late-April, horseback archery ("yabusame") takes place at the branch Hachimangū of Watatsu Shrine in the town of Hamochi.

Watatsu was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the old Sado Province on Sado Island. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Niigata Prefecture. 
In the modern system of ranked Shinto Shrines, Watatsu was listed among the 3rd class of nationally significant shrines or .

Mass production

If an item is produced in large quantities, this is usually called mass production. The item produced is called product, and it is usually made in a factory. The items produced will all be the same type. The process of making large quantities will usually require the use of standardized products or product groups. It also depends heavily on interchangeable parts.

Today, machines are often used to mass produce such items. Using division of labour, a greater number of items can be produced. Adam Smith used the example of a needle: With division of labour, it is possible to produce more needles in the same time. Frederick Winslow Taylor, the father of Taylorism also used the division of labour: he wanted to divide the tasks into planning tasks, and execution.

James Murdoch

James Rupert Jacob Murdoch (born 13 December 1972) is a British-American businessman.

Murdoch was born in the United Kingdom. He is the younger son of Rupert Murdoch.

At age 13, young James' citizenship changed. In 1985, his father gave up his Australian citizenship to become a citizen of the United States.

He has worked in his family's international businesses.


James Murdoch (disambiguation)

James Murdoch may mean



Amy B. Smith

Amy Smith is an American inventor, educator, and founder of D-Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Her work focuses on development of appropriate technologies. Appropriate technologies are technologies that use readily available local resources to solve problems in developing countries.

Amy Smith was born in Lexington, Massachusetts, on 4 November 1962. 

James Murdoch (journalist)

James Murdoch (27 September 1856 – 30 October 1921) was a Scottish-Australian academic, journalist, translator, editor and Japanologist. He is best known for writing a three-volume "A History of Japan". It was the first history of Japan published in the English.

Murdoch was born in Stonehaven, near Aberdeen, in Scotland. At the University of Aberdeen, he earned a bachelor's and master's degree. He also studied at Oxford University.

In an overview of writings by and about Murdoch, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 60+ works in 130+ publications in 4 languages and 1,300+ library holdings . 



Edmund Papinot

Jacques Edmund-Joseph Papinot (1860-1942) was a French Roman Catholic priest, academic, historian, editor, Japanologist. 

Papinot is best known for creating an "Historical and Geographical Dictionary of Japan" which was first published in French in 1899. The work was published in English in 1906.

Papinot first arrived in Japan in 1886. He taught at the Tokyo Theological Seminary for 15 years while working on his "Dictionnaire japonais-français des noms principaux de l'histoire et de la géographie de Japon".

In 1911, he left Japan for China. He returned to France in 1920.

In an overview of writings by and about Papinot, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 30+ works in 100+ publications in 7 languages and 1,200+ library holdings. 


Schlumbergera

Schlumbergera is a genus of cacti. The genus includes six species, originally found in south-eastern Brazil. These cacti, along with a number of cultivars are common houseplants. They are also known as "Christmas Cactus" or "Thanksgiving Cactus". This name refers to the time of the year when the cacti flourish, in Europe. In the wild, the cacti grow on trees as epiphytes or rocks, and can form shrubss up to high. The cacti do not have leaves, the green stem segments do photosynthesis. Charles Lemaire first described them in 1858. It is named after Frédéric Schlumberger a cactus collector and plant breeder.

Nestor (genus)

The genus Nestor is one of two genera of the family Nestoridae. Together with the Kakapo in the Strigopidae tribe, they form the small parrot superfamily Strigopoidea. The genus Nestor contains two extant parrot species from New Zealand and two extinct species from Norfolk Island, Australia and Chatham Island, New Zealand, respectively. All species are large stocky birds with short squarish tails.

Doyle's Delight

Doyle's Delight is the highest peak in Belize. It is 1124 m high. 

The name Doyle's Delight was first used by Sharon Matola in a 1989 report. The name is based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's book "The Lost World" (1912). The book has the quote "there must be something wild and wonderful in a country such as this, and we're the men to find it out!".

Keel-billed toucan

The keel-billed toucan ("Ramphastos sulfuratus"), also known as sulfur-breasted toucan or rainbow-billed toucan, is a colorful Latin American member of the toucan family. It is the national bird of Belize.

The Keel-billed toucan can be found from Southern Mexico to Venezuela and Colombia. 

Like many toucans, Keel-billed is a very social bird, rarely seen alone. It travels in small flocks of about six to twelve individuals through lowland rainforests. It is a poor flyer, and moves mostly by hopping through trees. 

Including its bill, the Keel-billed Toucans ranges in length from around . Their large and colorful bill averages around . This is about one-third of its length. It weighs about . While the bill seems large and weighty, it is in fact a spongy, hollow bone covered in keratin, a very light and hard protein. 

The feathers of the Keel-billed toucan are mostly black with a yellow neck and chest. Molting happens once per year. It has blue feet and red feathers at the tip of its tail. The bill is mostly green with a red tip and orange sides.

Keel-billed toucans have two toes that face forward and two that face back. Because toucans spend a large part of time in the trees, this helps the birds to stay on the branches of the trees and hop from one branch to another.

Keel-billed toucans eat mostly a wide range of fruit, but may also eat insects, eggs, and reptiles. When eating fruit, it uses its bill to take apart the fruit, and then tosses its head back to swallow the fruit whole.

The female keel-billed toucan will lay 1-4 white eggs in a natural or already-made tree cavity. The male and female share in the caring of the eggs, both taking turns incubating. The eggs hatch about 15–20 days after being laid. After hatching, the male and female take turns feeding the chicks. When the chicks hatch, they have no feathers, and have their eyes closed for about 3 weeks. The chicks stay in their nest for eight to nine weeks while their bills develop fully.

Kim Hwang-sik

Kim Hwang-sik (; ; born 9 August 1948) is a South Korean lawyer and politician. He is the Prime Minister of South Korea. Before he became Prime Minister, he was Chairperson of the Board of Audit and Inspection. He was born in Jangseong, studied law at Marburg University (Germany) and graduated from Seoul National University.

Bight of Benin

The Bight of Benin is a bight on the western African coast. The bight is part of the Gulf of Guinea. The Republic of Benin and this bight were both named after the Benin Empire.

This area is known as the Slave Coast. This area was used heavily in the African slave trade.

Fon language

Fon is part of the Gbe language cluster. Fon is spoken mainly in Benin. There are about 1.7 million speakers. Like the other Gbe languages, Fon has a subject–verb–object word order.

Yoruba language

The Yoruba language is a Niger-Congo language spoken in West Africa. The number of speakers of Yoruba was thought to be 20 million in the 1990s. It is one of the languages in Nigeria, Benin, and Togo and in communities in other parts of Africa, Europe and the Americas.

South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone

The South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone was formed in 1986 by the United Nations. There goal is to promote cooperation and peace and security in the South Atlantic region. It especially wanted to limit nuclear weapons in these countries. 

Kuki, Saitama

The city has an estimated population of 153,392 (as of 1 June 2012) and the density of 1,900 people per km².

Kuki City absorbed the town known as Shobu on 23 March 2010. Kuki City is formed by the Minami Saitama District and includes the towns of Kurihashi and Washiyama, both from the Kitakatsushika District.
Kuki City is known for agriculture including rice, soba, plants and flowers.

Kuki, Saitama is approximately 50 kilometers (31 mi) north of Tokyo. The total area is 82.40 km². There is a river called Tone in the northeast and a river called Moto-Arakawa in the southwest.

Kuki, Saitama consists of four districts, followed by the wards included in each district as follows:

Kamihayami, Kamicho, Kukishin, Kukihon, Kukichuo, Honcho, Minami, Aoge, Aoba, Kukikita, Kurihara, Koguki, Nishi, Noguki, Kukihigashi, Yosiha, Ezura, Otabukuro, Kawaramachi, Kitaaoyanagi, Shimohayami, Hara, Hinokuchi, Yokebori, Kamikioku, Kitanakasone, Kiyokucho, Shimokiyoku, Tokorokuki, Rokumanbu

Shobucho Obayashi, Shobucho Kamiosaki, Shobucho Kamikayama, ShobuchoKawarai, Shobucho Sanga, Shobucho Shibayamashigo, Shobucho, Shimokayama, Shobucho Shobu, Shobucho Showanuma, Shobucho Dai, Shobucho Niibori

Arai, Isaka, Kawaradai, Kitahiroshima, Kotsuka, Kurihashi, Kurihashikita, Kurihashichuo, Kurihashihigashi, Kouemon, Sama, Shimakawa, Takayanagi, Nakazato, Makama, Matsunaga, Midori, Minamikurihashi

Kamiuchi, Kuhonji, Katsuume, Sakae, Sunahara, Nakatsuma, Washinomiya, Washinomiyachuo, Kamikawasaki, Sakurada, Sotono, Nishidaiwa, Higashidaiwa, Yatsuura

Transportation consists of 3 main train lines: the Tobu Isesaki Line, JR Higashi Nihon Utsunomiya Line, and the Tobu Nikko Line. Kuki Station is the central station. It is on the JR Higashi Nihon Utsunomiya and Tobu Isesaki Lines. The other station on the Tobu Isesaki Line is Washinomiya Station. Minami Kurihashi Sation and Kurihashi Station are on the Tobu Nikko Line.

Kuki, Saitama economy relies mostly on agriculture. This agriculture is mainly the cultivation of rice growing on the plateau in the low land. In addition, the cultivation of the strawberries is prosperous, too. The switch from growing rice to producing soba has reduced the acreage under cultivation policy, too and has become a special product recently.

Other than agriculture, Kuki, Saitama has also been known to have many various factories for mass-producing anything from small household items to car and mechanical parts. The industrial business is not as prosperous as their agricultural business, but is still growing as businesses have moved their factories and production outside of the bigger, major cities.

Sightseeing in Kuki, Saitama has also helped the economy with eco-tourism. In Kuki, Saitama, flowers are a major part of their sightseeing and eco-tourism as various flowers bloom throughout the four seasons as follows:

Early April

Early May

Mid May to Mid June

Early June to Mid June
Late June to Early July

Early October to Early November

Late October to Early November 

Being that Kuki, Saitama is set in more of an outdoor, nature setting. Spring is popular because of the blooming cherry blossoms, flowers and spring foliage. Fall is popular because of the beautiful color changes taking place as the leaves on the trees and plants change color from fall to autumn and begin to fall before winter season comes. Besides the beautiful cherry blossoms, flowers, trees and foliage of both seasons, you will love the feeling of having fewer people around as well as very few buildings around you, a feeling of freedom.

There is one other form of tourism in Kuki, Saitama that is as popular as other parts of Japan. That is visiting the various shrines in Kuki, Saitama to say your prayers to loved ones and family who have passed, ward off evil spirits, to wish for good luck in school, family, work and life in general. There is one shrine in particular that has gained fame over the years from Japanese and foreign tourists alike. This is the Washinomiya Shrine (formerly Washimiya Shrine). The oldest known record of this shrine can be found in the Azuma Kagami, which is the official historical record for the Kamakura Shogun. The Imperial family and even Shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu had once occupied and helped make this shrine famous. The Washinomiya Shrine also holds many folk-art and culture events, including the famous Saibara-Kagura Festival. The traditional dance was handed down through generations and has been designated as a national folk-art and culture asset. The shrine also houses several ancient relics which are on display all the time for the public to view.
During the New Year season, the shrine receives over 100,000 visitors.

Kuki has a famous festival that runs from July 12th - July 18th. Seven floats are paid out from 7 towns and each one is decorated as a doll of the person who took a subject out of myths with too many things on a festival car and it is pulled a town and is turned in the daytime. It changes quickly to the lantern festival car which a doll is removed, and displayed 500 lanterns on the all sides of the festival car at night.
This lantern festival car becomes the biggest highlight as an event to color summer night. Expand for the musical accompaniment of the lively flute and gong, drum, and a youth in the town block turns a festival car said to be Seki Toichi, and the state to go round in the city is right the best part.

In Kuki, Saitama, there are 23 public elementary schools, 11 public junior high schools and 5 public high schools. The city has 4 civic gyms, 4 public pools and 4 public libraries.

Kuki, Saitama has an International Exchange program with sister cities Esk, Queensland, in Australia, and Roseburg, Oregon, in the United States.


Kang Gyeong-ae

Kang Kyŏng-ae (20 April 1906 – 26 April 1944) (, 姜敬愛) was a Korean novelist, poet and feminist. She was a labor activist and a writer for the political resistance movement.



First order logic

First order logic is a type of logic which is used in certain branches of mathematics and philosophy. First order logic enables the definition of a syntax which is independent of the mathematical or logical terms. 

In first order logic, reasoning can be done from two points of view: either using syntax alone, or including semantic terms. First order logic is different from propositional logic: In first order logic, there are "quantifiers", called "for all" (written as formula_1) and "there is at least one" (written as formula_2). Negation, conjunction, inclusive disjunction, exclusive disjunction and implication are all defined the same way as in propositional logic. Because of that, first order logic can be thought of as an extension of propositional logic. 

The completeness of first order logic, the result which asserts the equivalence between valid formulas and formal theorems, is established by Gödel. Together with Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory, first order logic is the foundation of many branches of modern mathematics.


Liaqat Hayat

Nawab Sir Liaqat Hyat Khan, KCIE (1887-1948) was a British Indian administrator and a Prime Minister of Patiala state in Punjab. He was the son of Nawab Muhammad Hyat Khan and elder brother of Sir Sikandar Hyat Khan.

Richard P. Barth

Richard P. Barth is the current Dean of the University of Maryland in Baltimore. He has been the school's dean, since 2006. He is also a founder and president of the American Academy of Social Work and Social Welfare, which was formed in 2009.

Dean Barth wrote the book "Social and Cognitive Treatment of Children and Adolescents" (1986). Moreover, he has also co-written nine other books "Preventing Adolescent Abuse" (1992), "From Child Abuse to Permanency Planning: Pathways Through Child Welfare Services" (1992), "Families Living with Drugs and HIV" (1993), "The Tender Years: Toward Developmentally-Sensitive Child Welfare Services" (1998), "The Child Welfare Challenge" (1992, 2000), and "Beyond Common Sense: Child Welfare, Child-Well-Being, and the Evidence for Policy Reform" (2006).

Tiger Palpatja

Tiger Palpatja (born about 1920 – died 16 April 2012) was an Australian Aboriginal artist from the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands.

Tiger was born around 1920 (though the exact year is not known). He was born in the bush, at a rockhole called Piltati, which is close to what is now Nyapaṟi in north-west South Australia. His family were Pitjantjatjara, and they lived a traditional, nomadic life in the bushland around Piltati. When he was a teenager, Tiger's family settled at Ernabella, which at the time was a Presbyterian mission and a sheep station. Tiger grew up on the mission, and learned to speak a little English in school there. He eventually got married to a woman named Nyalapanytja, and they lived in Ernabella for many years. Tiger worked on the station, shearing sheep and building fences.

In the 1970s, Tiger and his family moved to Amaṯa, closer to his homeland. When he got older, Tiger became a "ngangkaṟi" (traditional healer), an important and respected role in traditional Pitjantjatjara communities. In 1997, the women at Amaṯa began a community art centre, originally called Minymaku Arts. The word "minymaku" means "women's", and they called it this because, at the time, Pitjantjatjara men did not like to paint. After several men began painting in the early 2000s, the centre's name was changed to Tjala Arts.

Tiger started painting in September 2004, less than eight years before his death. He had never painted before this, and was better known for woodworking, especially making spears. Although he only began painting in his final years, his work quickly became recognised by critics. In 2005, Tiger was a finalist for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award. He became a finalist three more time before his death, in 2006, 2010, and 2011, but he never won. He was also a finalist in the Western Australian Indigenous Art Awards in 2009, and again in 2011. Tiger mainly painted for Tjala Arts, but from 2009 he also began working for Tjungu Palya in nearby Nyapaṟi.

Tiger's painted sacred stories from his Dreaming, mostly to do with Piltati, where he was born. This place is associated with a creation story involving two sisters and their husbands, who change themselves into Wanampi (a giant water snake). According to Tiger's Dreaming, the Wanampi are his family's ancestors who created the country around Piltati. The snake's form can be seen in many of Tiger's paintings, usually painted several different colours. His paintings were known for their bright colours, as opposed to the traditional natural ochre colours used by many other artists of the Western Desert.

Tiger died on 16 April 2012, over the age of 90. While he was alive, his paintings were exhibited in several major cities, including Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Fremantle and Perth. His work is now held in permanent galleries in most of these cities. He also had work exhitied overseas: at the University of Virginia in 2006, and in Singapore in 2008. His paintings are held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the National Gallery of Australia, the Australian National University, Charles Darwin University, Flinders University, and the Art Gallery of New South Wales.


Boidae

Boidae, commonly known as boa or boas, is a family of nonvenomous snakes that includes the boa constrictor and anaconda. Most are found in America but some are in Africa, Europe, Asia and on some Pacific islands. Their common names are boas or boids. 

Adults are medium to large in size, with females usually larger than the males. There are two subfamilies with eight genera and 43 species. 

Angela Fong

Angela Carolyn Fong (born February 3, 1985) is a Canadian former professional wrestler and actress. She is best known for her time at World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). She was known by the ring name Miss Angela during her time at Florida Championship Wrestling. She was later known by the name Savannah when she was the a ring announcer for ECW on SyFy and the official ring announcer for season one of WWE NXT. Fong was also a cheerleader for the Canadian Football League's BC Lions.


Once Caldas

Corporación Deportiva Once Caldas is a Colombian association football team, based in Manizales. In 2004 they won the Copa Libertadores de América, the main South American football competition.

Loquat

A loquat is a tropical fruit that grows on a tree. Since it is tropical, it will only grow in a warm, wet climate. It grows in Spain, Italy, Portugal, Turkey, India and Iran. 

Loquats are yellow or orange and contain large brown seeds. People eat the skin or peel the fruit. 

Chibougamau

Chibougamau is a town in central Quebec, Canada, located on Lake Gilman.

Bit (horse)

A bit is a type of equipment that is put in a horse's mouth to help control it. It is attached to a bridle to hold it on the horse's head, and to reins which the rider holds and allows them to control and cue the horse. The mouthpiece of the bit is the part that goes into the horses mouth. It is usually made of metal, but may also be made of plastic or rubber.

There are many different types of bits, including snaffles, pelhams, and curb bits. They all work a little differently. Some bits are "softer" than others, meaning that a pull on it is gentler to the horse than a "harsh" bit. For example, bits with a smooth mouthpiece are soften than those with a twisted mouthpiece. Bits are not cruel when used correctly, but a rider that pulls too hard can hurt a horse's mouth, especially if they use a harsh bit. If a rider is inexperienced, they should ride with a softer bit so when they make mistakes they do not hurt the horse. Experienced riders who can follow the horse's mouth as the horse moves and give very slight cues can use bits that are harsher. They have the skill to use the bits for very fine control over the horse, without hurting it. 

Certain bits are commonly used in certain horse activities. For example, western style riding usually uses a curb bit. English style usually uses a type of snaffle, although certain horses may be put in a different type of bit. Saddleseat riding and high levels of dressage riding use a double bridle. This is a bridle that holds 2 bits. Each bit works a little differently so the rider can cue the horse to do different things. The rider must ride with 2 reins in each hand. This requires the rider to be skilled so they can handle both reins without confusing the horse.

Mazie Hirono

Mazie Keiko Hirono (born November 3, 1947) is an American politician. She is best known as the first Asian-American woman elected to the US Senate.

Hirono was born in Fukushima, Japan. At the age of 8, she emigrated to Hawaii with her mother. She became a US citizen in 1959. She considers herself among the "Issei" who are immigrants born in Japan.

Hirono was elected three times to the US House of Representatives. She was a member of Congress for Hawaii's 2nd congressional district before she was elected to the US Senate in 2012.

In May 2017, Hirono was diagnosed with kidney cancer.

Organisation internationale de la Francophonie

Francophonie is an international organization of politics and governments with French as the main language. The countries have a large number of people who are francophones (French speakers), or where there is a notable affiliation with the French language or culture.

It used to be called the Organisation internationale de la francophonie (OIF) or the International Organization of the Francophonie. There are 56 member states and governments, 3 associate members, and 19 observers. The modern organization was created in 1970. Its motto is "equality, complementarity, and solidarity". Its present Secretary General is Louise Mushikiwabo since 2019

French geographer Onésime Reclus made the word "Francophonie" in 1880. It is used to refer to the community of people and countries using the French language.

Community of Sahel-Saharan States

The Community of Sahel-Saharan States (CEN-SAD) aims to create a free trade area.

CEN-SAD was started in February 1998 by six countries. Since then its membership has grown to 29. One of its main goals is to get economic unity through the free movement of people and goods. This is to make the member states a free trade area.

Founding members:

Countries that joined later:

African Petroleum Producers Association

African Petroleum Producers Association is an organisation of African countries that produce petroleum. It was founded in 1986. The headquarters of the organisation are in Brazzaville in the Congo.

The members of the African Petroleum Producers Association:

Niger Basin Authority

The Niger Basin Authority is an intergovernmental organisation in West Africa. They manage and develop the resources of the basin of the Niger River. The group is called by both French and English acronyms, NBA or ABN.

The organisation was founded in 1964 as the River Niger Commission. On 21 November 1980, it was refounded as the Niger Basin Authority.
Nine nations are members: Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Chad, Côte d'Ivoire, Guinea, Mali, Niger and Nigeria. While a small area of Algeria is in the Niger Basin, it is not a member of the NBA. The organisation is based in Niamey. They work in both French and English.

Slave Coast

The Slave Coast was a name for the coastal areas of present Togo, Benin (formerly Dahomey) and western Nigeria. This is a fertile region of coastal Western Africa along the Bight of Benin. In pre-colonial times it was one of the most densely populated parts of Africa. It was one of the most important places for the Atlantic slave trade from the early 16th century to the 19th century.

The slave trade became so large in the 18th and 19th centuries that an “Atlantic community” was formed. Slaves went to the New World, mostly to Brazil and the Caribbean. Ports that exported these slaves from Africa include Ouidah, Lagos, Aného (Little Popo), Grand-Popo, Agoué, Jakin, Porto-Novo, and Badagry.

Researchers think that between 2 and 3 million slaves were exported out of this region. They were traded for goods like alcohol and tobacco from the Americas and textiles from Europe. Religions, architectural styles, languages, knowledge, and other new goods were mixed at this time.

After slavery was ended by European countries, the slave trade continued for a time with independent traders (instead of government agents).


French Dahomey

Dahomey was a French colony. It was part of French West Africa from 1904 to 1958. In 1947, Dahomey became part of the French Union and had more freedom. On 11 December 1958, the French Fifth Republic was started. The colony became the self-governing Republic of Dahomey. Two years later on 1 August 1960 the country had full independence. In 1975 it changed its name to Benin.

People's Republic of Benin

The People's Republic of Benin was a socialist state in the Gulf of Guinea on the African continent. It became present-day Benin. The People's Republic was started on November 30, 1975, after the 1972 coup d'état in the Republic of Dahomey. It lasted until March 1, 1990, with a new constitution. The end of Marxism-Leninism in the nation was in 1989.

Flag of Benin

The national flag of Benin was adopted in 1959. It was changed after the Marxist regime started in 1975. When that regime ended the old design was reintroduced on August 1, 1990. The colours are the traditional Pan-African colours : green symbolizes hope, yellow symbolizes wealth and red symbolizes courage.

Coat of arms of Benin

The coat of arms of Benin, was introduced in 1964. It was replaced in 1975. Then it was readopted in 1990.

At the top of the emblem is the national crest that has two horns with corn in the ear and filled with sand. These are to stand for prosperity. Below the crest is a shield that has the actual coat of arms of Benin. 

The shield is broken into four quadrants. The top left quadrant has a castle in the style of the Somba. This is for the history of Benin. In the top right quadrant, is the Star of Benin. This is the highest award of the nation. Below this is a ship, that stands for the arrival of Europeans in Benin. In the lower left quadrant is a palm tree.

The shield is supported by a pair of leopards, the national animal of Benin. Below the shield is the motto of Benin (Fellowship, Justice, Work) in French.

L'Aube nouvelle

"L'Aube Nouvelle" is the national anthem of Benin. In English, the name is "The Dawn of a New Day". It was written and composed by Gilbert Jean Dagnon. It was adopted when the Republic of Dahomey became independent from France in 1960.

When Dahomey became Benin in 1975, the anthem was kept, with small changes to the words to fit the new name of the country.

Zinc finger

Zinc finger nucleases (or ZFN) was a tool used to target genes and change DNA. It was one of three methods of changing the genome with engineered nucleases. It is now superseded.

Zinc fingers are man-made molecules made of a protein and zinc. Each binds to a specific DNA. Zinc-finger nucleases (ZFNs) are enzymes got by fusing a zinc finger to a DNA cleavage enzyme called a "Fokl". So the ZFN binds onto a specific DNA sequence, then snips it in two places. Regular cell enzymes stick the ends together, minus the bit snipped out (DNA repair).

Each ZFN is made to use on a single gene which is called a “target gene” or “target DNA”. They can be designed to work on specific parts of genes to create a desired change. The two types of DNA changes are mutations such as deletions and insertions. Genetics research looks at the mutated subjects (animals, plants, bacteria) to find out what the particular gene does.

'Zinc finger' is the name of many protein structures. The zinc atom binds the proteins and makes them more stable. ZFNs bind to DNA base pairs. One zinc finger can bind about 3 base pairs by itself. 

Zinc finger nucleases are made with 3-6 zinc fingers. ZFNs have two important domains: a DNA-binding domain and a DNA-cleavage domain. The DNA-cleavage domain uses an enzyme called "Fokl" that breaks DNA. 

ZFN’s can only change DNA sequences they are designed for. The DNA-binding domain binds to a specific DNA sequence. Two ZFN’s designed for the same DNA sequence are needed change one gene. The DNA-binding domains bind to both strands on the DNA double helix. DNA-cleaving domains break the DNA strand and cut the gene base pairs out. Cells fix broken DNA strands on their own using DNA repair. Deletion mutations result from missing base pairs after DNA repair. 

The length of target gene sequence can also be specified. A minimum of 9 base pairs can be changed using 3 zinc fingers. This is useful for removing and inserting very short DNA sequences and determining their effect on the target gene. Also large sequences can be changed using more than one ZFN. 

ZFNs were used to discover gene functions in many genetics studies. ZFNs could be used to change DNA on any species. Another feature of ZFNs is that they can be used "in vivo" (in living organisms). They were used on model organisms: plants, insects, and fish. 

The biggest issue with ZFNs was accidentally altering genes besides the target gene. A ZFN must be made to find the right base pairs on the target gene. These base pairs are chosen so only the target gene will have them. DNA-cleavage domains work on any DNA sequence so binding to a wrong gene sequence will change it instead. ZFNs that knock out base pairs for more than one gene are not considered accurate.

ZFNs have now been superseded by techniques called CRISPR. Crisper techniques are easier to use, less costly and have a much wider range of uses.

Mont Sokbaro

Mont Sokbaro is the highest point of Benin. The altitude is . It is on the border between Benin and Togo.

John Lawrence

Sir John Laird Mair Lawrence, 1st Baron Lawrence, GCB, GCSI, PC (4 March 1811 – 27 June 1879), better known as Lawrence of the Punjab was a famous British colonial officer, administrator and statesman in British India. He had the distinction of serving as the Lieutenant-Governor of the Punjab and later Viceroy of India from 1864 to 1869. He was the younger brother of Sir Henry Lawrence. 

The Lawrence Gardens, Lahore (now renamed "Bagh i Jinnah") were originally named after John Lawrence.

W National Park

The W Regional Park is a major national park in West Africa. It is formed around a meander in the River Niger shaped like a "W". The park includes areas of the three countries Niger, Benin and Burkina Faso.

The W National Park of Niger was formed by decree on 4 August 1954. In 1996 it was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. 
In the three nations, the Regional park covers about 10,000 km². Almost no people live in this area.

The park is known for its large mammals, including aardvarks, baboons, buffalo, caracal, cheetahs, elephants, hippopotamuses, leopards, lions, serval and warthogs. The park has a home for some of West Africa's last wild African Elephants. The W Park used to have packs of the endangered Painted Hunting Dog. The National Park is one of the last strongholds for the Northwest African cheetah. There is a small but increasing population of at least 15-25 animals of this rare cat in the park. 

The W area is also known for its bird populations. There are over 350 species identified in the park.

Pendjari National Park

The Pendjari National Park is in north western Benin. It is next to the Arli National Park in Burkina Faso. It is named for the Pendjari River. The national park is known for its wildlife and is home to some of the last populations of big game like elephants, West African lions, hippopotamuses, buffalo and various antelopes in West Africa. The Park is also famous for its variety of birds.

The Pendjari National Park has an area of 2755 square kilometres. The park is part of the WAP complex. The WAP complex is the W, Arli and Pendjari parks. This is a large protected area in Benin, Burkina Faso and Niger. 

Nkroful

Nkroful is a village in Ghana. The village is known because it was the birthplace of Kwame Nkrumah, the first president of Ghana who led the country to independence from the United Kingdom. He is also buried there. 

The local language spoken in Nkroful is the Akan language dialect Nzema but Fante is also spoken.

Spring (device)

A spring is a device typically made of metal, usually steel.

The metal can be compressed (squeezed). When the compression force is removed, the spring returns to its original length. The metal is usually spring steel, and it is wound tightly. There is lot of varitions with size and type, example some springs have designed for pulling, not pushing. Gas-springs are often used with vehicles tailgate.

Simple non-coiled springs were used throughout human history e.g., the bow. In the Bronze Age more advanced spring devices were used, as shown by the spread of tweezers in many cultures. Ctesibius of Alexandria developed a method for making bronze with spring-like characteristics by producing an alloy of bronze with an increased proportion of tin, and then hardening it by hammering after it is cast.

Coiled springs appeared early in the 15th century, in door locks. The first spring powered-clocks appeared in that century. They evolved into the first large watches by the 16th century.

In 1676 British physicist Robert Hooke discovered the principle behind springs' action, that the force it exerts is proportional to its extension, now called Hooke's law.

The Fens

The Fens, or , are a naturally marshy region in eastern England. Most of the fens were drained several centuries ago. They are now mostly a flat, damp, low-lying agricultural region.

A "fen" is an individual area of marshland or former marshland. The marsh is (or was) neutral or alkaline water with relatively large quantities of dissolved minerals, but few other plant nutrients.

The Fenland is mostly around the coast of the Wash. It includes parts of four counties: Lincolnshire, Cambridgeshire, Norfolk and a small area of Suffolk. The whole occupies an area of nearly .

Most of the Fenland lies within a few metres of sea level. As with similar areas in the Netherlands, much of the Fenland originally consisted of fresh- or salt-water wetlands, which have been artificially drained. They are protected from floods by drainage banks and pumps. With the support of this drainage system, the Fenland has become a major arable agricultural region in Britain for grains and vegetables. The Fens are particularly fertile, containing around half of the grade 1 agricultural land in England.

The Fens include the churches and cathedrals of Ely, Ramsey, Crowland, Thorney and Peterborough.
Other significant settlements in the Fens include Cambridge, Boston, Spalding, Wisbech and King's Lynn.

The Fens are very low-lying compared with the chalk and limestone uplands that surround them – in most places no more than 10 m above sea level. As a result of drainage and shrinkage of the peat fens, many parts of the Fens now lie below the average sea level. Although one writer in the seventeenth century described the Fenland as all lying above sea level (in contrast to the Netherlands), the area is now home to the lowest land point in the United Kingdom. That is Holme Fen in Cambridgeshire, about 2.75 metres below sea level. Within the Fens there are a few hills, which have historically been called "islands" as they remained dry when the low-lying fens around them were flooded. The largest of the fen-islands is the Isle of Ely, on which the cathedral city of Ely was built; its highest point is 39 m above mean sea-level.

Without artificial drainage and flood protection, the Fens would be liable to periodic flooding, particularly in winter due to the heavy load of water flowing down from the uplands and overflowing the rivers. Some areas of the Fens were once permanently flooded, creating small lakes or "meres", while others were only flooded during periods of high water. In the pre-modern period arable farming was limited to the higher areas. These were the surrounding uplands, the fen islands and the so-called "Townlands" on the Wash where the towns had their arable fields. Though these lands were lower than the peat fens before the peat shrinkage began, the more stable silt soils were reclaimed by medieval farmers and embanked against any floods coming down from the peat areas or from the sea. The rest of the Fenland was dedicated to pastoral farming, fishing, fowling and the harvesting of reeds or sedge, for example for thatch. In this way, the medieval and early modern Fens were in contrast to the rest of southern England, which was mainly an arable agricultural region.

Since modern drainage in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, the Fens have been radically transformed, so that today arable farming has almost entirely replaced pastoral. The economy of the Fens is heavily invested in the production of crops such as grains, vegetables and some cash crops such as rapeseed or canola.

Cult suicide

An incident where all members of a group considered a cult kill themselves has been called a cult suicide. In some cases, all or nearly all members commit suicide at the same time and place. Very often, this has been arranged as a mass suicide.

Groups that have committed such mass suicides and that have been called cults include Heaven's Gate, Order of the Solar Temple, and Peoples Temple. There are other cases, where the respective group has supported mass suicide, but where it did not encourage all members to kill themselves. An example for such a case is that of the Filippians.



Destructive cult

A destructive cult is a cult or other religious movement which has caused harm to its members or other people, or which will likely do so. There is a discussion of what "harm" really means in this context. For most researchers, it includes "physical harm", so organisations who injure or kill their members qualify.

Some researchers also include mental abuse in this notion of harm, for example: "A destructive cult is a pyramid-shaped authoritarian regime with a person or group of people that have dictatorial control. It uses deception in recruiting new members (e.g. people are NOT told up front what the group is, what the group actually believes and what will be expected of them if they become members". Psychologist Michael Langone defines a destructive cult as "a highly manipulative group which exploits and sometimes physically and/or psychologically damages members and recruits". Lifton's "Eight criteria for thought reform" are criteria to identify a destructive cult.

The use of the term "destructive cult" has also been criticised. According to some researchers, the term has been used to describe groups which are not necessarily harmful to themselves or others. The term may be used too widely, and equated with the deaths of members of Peoples Temple at Jonestown. Some complain that the term has been used to discredit groups. Lorne L. Dawson writes that though the Unification Church "has not been shown to be violent or volatile," it has been described as a destructive cult by "anticult crusaders".

The German Federal Constitutional Court ruled in 2002, that the German government defamed the Osho movement by referring to it, among other things, as a "destructive cult". The court decided that "destructive cult" and other expressions employed by the government to describe the group had no factual basis to justify their use.

Doomsday cult

A doomsday cult is a new religious movement or cult that says that the world is about to end. According to these cults, there will be a catastrophe. The only way to be saved is by joining the group, and by doing what it says. John Lofland first used the term in 1966, in a study of the Unification Church. Some researchers believe that the term should not be used by mass media or by governments, because it will reinforce the beliefs of the respective group, and lead to a self-fulfilling prophecy. 

Examples of groups said to be doomsday cults include the Peoples Temple, the Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God, and Aum Shinrikyo. Aum Shinrikyo was responsible for an Sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway in 1995, where thirteen people died. The People's Temple organised a forced mass suicide in Guyana, at a facility now known as "Jonestown", where over 900 people died. The Movement for the Restoration of the Ten commandments, in Uganda, predicted the end of the world would be on the 31st December 1999. When it did not come, people in the movement became skeptical, and wanted their property back, which they had donated to the church leader. At a religious service on 17th March 2000, the church where the service was held was put on fire, and 530 people died. During the inquiry, the police found other people dead, at the properties of the movement; they had likely been poisoned. In total, over 1000 people had died. The leader of the movement survived, and has not been seen since then. 

In "Globalisation and the Future of Terrorism", Brynjar Lia notes that "Doomsday cults are nothing new," but also states that they are "relatively few". Lia cites the mass murder/suicide of members of Peoples Temple at Jonestown, Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God, the use of salmonella as a poison by followers of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, and actions of Aum Shinrikyo as examples, noting that: "...during the past decades one has witnessed a number of increasingly violent doomsday sects, inflicting mass violence on their members and, in rare cases, also on outsiders".

New religious movement

New religious movement is a term that is used for certain religious communities. Such communities are usually small, compared to world religions. Very often, they do not have a long history. In most cases, the following will be true:

Other names for such movements include sect and cult. They are problematic though, because they have a negative connotation. Examples for movements that have been called cults are Scientology, Transcendental Meditation, Unification Church, Family International also called "Children of God", Branch Davidians, Heaven's Gate and Wicca. 

Richard Hildreth

Richard Hildreth (June 28, 1807 – July 11, 1865), was an American journalist, author and historian. He is best known for writing his six-volume "History of the United States of America, 1849-1853."

In an overview of writings by and about Hildreth, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 270 works in 870+ publications in 11 languages and 12,800+ library holdings. 


George H. Kerr

George H. Kerr (November 7, 1911 – August 27, 1992), also known in Taiwan as 葛超智 (or 柯喬治), was an American diplomat, author and academic.

In an overview of writings by and about Kerr, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 270 works in 870+ publications in 11 languages and 12,800+ library holdings. 



George Kerr

George Kerr may mean


Alice Hathaway Lee Roosevelt

Alice Hathaway Lee Roosevelt (July 29, 1861 – February 14, 1884) was the first wife of Teddy Roosevelt. She died in 1884. She was of Mexican descent and born in Texas. She had 1 child with her husband.

Richard Mason (historian)

Richard Henry Pitt Mason (3 March 1934 – 27 June 2009), also known as R.H.P. Mason, was an Australian academic, historian and Japanologist. He was a professor at the Australian National University in Canberra.

In an overview of writings by and about Mason, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 10+ works in 50+ publications in 5 languages and 1,900+ library holdings. 


Abdominal migraine

Abdominal migraine (AM) is a kind of migraine which causes severe pain in the area of the abdomen. The pain is usually around the navel (belly button) area, which is called the "periumbilical area".

It is most common in children starting at about age 7, but younger and older children may also get it. Usually, abdominal migraines stop by the time children become teenagers. However, children who have had them are more likely to have migraine headaches when they are adults. Sometimes adults also have abdominal migraines.

Abdominal migraine causes "paroxysmal attacks" - attacks that happen suddenly, and happen again and again. The attacks can last from 1–72 hours, but they usually last less than 6 hours. They happen about one-third more often in females than in males.

Abdominal migraines can cause other symptoms along with bad pain in the abdomen. People with AM usually have at least two of these other symptoms: nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite (not wanting to eat), headache, photophobia (being bothered by lights), and pallor (pale skin).

AM is more common in children of women who have had migraine headaches. This suggests that AM may have a genetic cause (a cause that is passed down from parents to their children).

Abdominal migraines can cause many different symptoms. A person having an AM may have all of these symptoms, or only a few.

To diagnose abdominal migraine, first a doctor takes a patient's clinical history (where the doctor gathers information about the medical problems and medical treatments the patient has had). The doctor also takes a family history (gathering information about family members' health), because many medical problems may be "inheritable medical conditions". This means that the problems may be passed down from parents to children, possibly because of problems in the family's genes. Most people with abdominal migraines have family members (especially mothers) who have also had migraines.

Before making a final diagnosis of abdominal migraine, a doctor must rule out "differential diagnoses". These are other medical problems which could cause the same symptoms. The doctor must make sure that the patient doesn't actually have one of these other problems:

Richard Mason

Richard Mason may refer to:


Richard Mason (novelist)

Richard Mason (16 May 1919-13 October 1997) was a British novelist and screenwriter. He is best known for writing "The World of Suzie Wong". The book was adapted into a Broadway play in 1958. Mason's work became the basis for the 1960 film starring William Holden and Nancy Kwan.

Among Mason's film screenplays was "At Town Like Alice". His work was nominated for the 1956 BAFTA British screenplay award.

In an overview of writings by and about Mason, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 20+ works in 180+ publications in 15 languages and 1,400+ library holdings. 


Jacques Prévert

Jacques Prévert (; 4 February 1900 – 11 April 1977) was a French poet and screenwriter. who wrote the screnario of "Les Enfants du Paradis".

His parents were André Prévert and Suzanne Catusse. Jacques Prévert was married to Simone Dienne (1925 – 1946) then divorced and re-married to Janine Tricotet (1947 – 1977).


Shotokan

In the past, people practiced this martial art in many countries. Shotokan is still popular in modern culture. Karate is primarily a combat sport done with bare hands. That is the meaning of "Kara-te": "empty hand". So then the only weapons that can be used against a fighter are parts of the body. 

There are many styles of karate in different parts of the world. Shotokan is a style of karate that comes mainly from a small island south of Japan named Okinawa Island. The person who began this martial art was Gichin Funakoshi. This master practised karate all his life. He taught for many years and he wrote a book about his art.

In 1939, Funakoshi established the first "Shotokan" "dojo".
To exercise you must wear a karate uniform and a belt that tells what your level of experience is.
The order of karate belts is as follows for beginner to advanced levels: white, yellow, orange, green, blue, purple, brown and black. (The order of the belts may vary depending on the style of karate). After the black belt, there are nine more levels before finishing all notions of karate. 

In a fight, you must wear shin guards, gloves, a chest protector and a mouth piece. 

Karate is beneficial to maintain good physical and mental shape. First, this discipline allows us to maintain good muscle tone. This is good for succeed as the strikes in karate take strength.
Flexibility is also developed as karate requires that one performs high kicks and jumps. In addition, better endurance is necessarily because in the fight, fighters always need a good breath.

For mental well-being, karate promotes greater self-esteem, because it is an individual sport. The students progress at their own pace and one learns to overcome. In fact, it is a physical activity, so it helps to release stress and feel less pressure. In addition, Karate improves concentration because the fighter must be more attentive to his mind and his body. Having good concentration is an advantage. When someone is hurting during a fight, with his concentration he can no longer feel pain. Also, the fighter has to watch the eyes of his opponent and thinki about what he can do to catch him off guard.


Acephalgic migraine

An Acephalgic migraine( also known as a 'Silent migraine') is a kind of migraine without the head pain. Acephalgic is Latin for "without head pain"). Most kinds of migraines start before a person is 30-years-old but this kind of migraine usually starts sometime during middle-age, which is after 40-years-old, and becomes more common as a person gets older. Unlike other migraines, males have Acephalgic migraines more often then women do.

An acephalgic migraine may cause "neurologic dysfunction" in some people, which is when parts of the brain does not function right, and causes different kinds of problems, such as seeing flashing lights or having blind spots, where nothing can be seen. These kinds of "neurologic dysfunction" are known as an aura.

Anal stricture

Anal stricture (also called "anal stenosis") is a medical problem that is not common; it may be "congenital" (a baby is born with a medical problem), but usually if it does happen it is after "anorectal surgery", which is surgery in the area of the rectum and anus. This may cause "stricture" (when a passage in the body becomes too narrow) of the anal canal, which leads to hard or painful bowel movements. When anal stenosis does occur it is usually after a "hemorrhoidectomy," which is the surgical removal of hemorrhoids; this is the cause in 90% of cases of anal stenosis.

Mild stenosis can be treated with stool softeners or fiber (which come from plant foods) supplements (in pill or powder form). When the narrowing of the anal canal is not too much, an operation called a "sphincterotomy" can be done to correct the problem. This is an operation done on the internal anal sphincter muscle, a round muscle inside the anal canal. In cases where the anal canal becomes very narrow, an operation called an "anoplasty" is done. This is "reconstructive surgery" (also known as "plastic surgery") of the anus.

Mexican standoff

A Mexican standoff is a three person duel. In a two person duel the person who shoots first has the advantage. In a Mexican duel it is different. If person A shoots B, then person C has the advantage as they can shoot person A while they are busy. So in a Mexican standoff nobody wants to be the first one to shoot. As well as this, nobody can take the risk of backing down. The term is often used to describe a confrontation between two equals, where neither side will gain a winning advantage by being the first to shoot, but neither side can risk backing down. The Cold War between the USA and the Soviet Union is often described as being a Mexican standoff, with neither country prepared to be the first to risk using nuclear weapons.

The idea of a Mexican standoff is often used as part of the plot in movies.

This page mentioned, but misquoted, in the last scene of The Big Bang Theory episode #506. 

Mughal dynasty

The Mughal dynasty, or Great Moguls or simply Moguls or Muguls (a corruption of the word 'Mongol') were a dynasty of Muslim rulers who came from Central Asia and founded the Mughal Empire in medieval South Asia. It was a branch of the Timurid dynasty founded by Tamerlane.

The Mughal dynasty is generally divided into the following:



D. H. Lawrence

David Herbert Lawrence (11 September 1885 – 2 March 1930) was an English writer. He was born in Eastwood, Nottinghamshire. He wrote under the pen name D. H. Lawrence. He wrote "Sons and Lovers", "The Rainbow", "Odour of Chrysanthemums", "The Virgin and The Gypsy", "Women in Love" and "Lady Chatterley's Lover". He died of tuberculosis in Vence, France.

He also did some poetry and one of his poems was "Last Lesson of the Afternoon."

Falconidae

Falconidae is a family of birds with 60 species of diurnal birds of prey. The family has two subfamiles, Polyborinae, which includes the caracaras and forest falcons, and Falconinae, which includes the falcons, kestrels and falconets.

The peregrine falcon is another famous falcon.

Louis Cavagnari

Sir Pierre Louis Napoleon Cavagnari, KCB CSI (1841–1879), was a British military administrator in British India. He was the son of Count Louis Adolphus Cavagnari, from Parma, Italy, 

He later obtained naturalization as a British citizen, and entered the military service of the East India Company.In 1861 he was appointed an assistant commissioner in the Punjab region of British India, and in 1877 became deputy commissioner of Peshawar (now in Pakistan) and took part in several expeditions against the Pathan tribes.

In September 1878 he was attached to the staff of a British mission to Kabul, Afghanistan, which the Afghans refused to accept on their soil. In May 1879, after the British-Indian forces had invaded Afghanistan, and the death of Afghan Emir Sher, Cavagnari negotiated and signed the Treaty of Gandamak with Sher Ali's son and successor, Yaqub Khan. With this treaty, the Afghans agreed to admit a British representative to Kabul. The post was conferred on Cavagnari. He took up his residence in July 1879. However, on 3 September 1879, Cavagnari and the other European members of the mission, along with their guards who were made up of soldiers of the Corps of Guides, were killed after Afghan troops mutinied against them.

Corps of Guides

The Corps of Guides was a regiment of the British Indian Army which was formed and served mostly in the North-West Frontier Province of British India. It had a unique composition of being part infantry and part cavalry.

The idea for raising such a body of troops was Sir Henry Lawrence's. He appointed a young officer, Lt. Harry Lumsden as its commandant and on 6 February 1847 Lumsden took over his famous command. The class or tribal composition of the men recruited for 'The Guides' was mostly of Pathans of the region. The headquarters of the Guides was at Mardan (now in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan). 

After 1947 and the independence of Pakistan, the Guides regiment became part of the Pakistan Army. Its infantry section was incorporated into the Frontier Force Regiment while its cavalry side became the Guides Cavalry.

Wah Cantonment

Wah Cantonment, also known as Wah or Wah Cantt (Punjabi, Urdu: واہ) is a city in the Rawalpindi District in Punjab, Pakistan. It is a military garrison city that sprung up around the Pakistan Ordnance Factory and a cantonment with Pakistan Army barracks and other facilities. It has a proper market, hospital, schools, colleges and other civic facilities, and many areas for people to live. 

It is near the much older Wah village, along the Grand Trunk Road (GT Road). Wah villiage is a small but scenic and historical place. It is the birthplace of a famous Punjabi leader and statesman, Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, Khattar.

Sable

The sable ("Martes zibellina") is a species of marten in forest environments.

Civil union

In some countries, a civil union is a contract between two people which gives them rights similar to those they can obtain in marriage. In countries where it is allowed, a civil union is often available to people of the same sex; marriage is often limited to people of opposite sex. The first country to introduce civil unions was Denmark, in 1989. In Denmark, a civil union was limited to people of the same sex. These people got the same rights and duties as married people. In 2010, such couples were also allowed to adopt children. As of 2012, Denmark allows people of the same sex to marry, and the civil union is no longer available.

Louis Cullen

Louis Michael Cullen (born 1932) is an Irish diplomat, academic, historian, author and Japanologist. He is Professor of Modern Irish History at Trinity College in Dublin.

Cullen's family came from New Ross in County Wexford. He earned a Master's degree at University College Galway. he was awarded a doctorate at the London School of Economics. 

Cullen joined the Irish Diplomatic Corps. He was posted Paris where he began research into the historic trading links between Ireland and France.

In 1963, he became a lecturer in history at Trinity College. He was appointed professor in 1972.

In an overview of writings by and about Cullen, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 70+ works in 150+ publications in 7 languages and 4,600+ library holdings. 


Palin, Arunachal Pradesh

Palin is a hillstation town in the Kurung Kumey district of Arunachal Pradesh. It is inhabited by Nyishi tribe of Arunachal Pradesh. It has a population of around 20,000 (2011 census).

The town has an average elevation of .

Palin has a subtropical highland climate (Cwb in the Koeppen climate classification). Summers are warm with very high rainfall. Winters are mild with moderate rainfall. It has very hilly and high geographical terrain. Most of time it is covered by clouds. The area is windy in nature.

Palin and the areas around it are mainly populated by people of the Nyishi tribe. Nyokum, an agricultural festival of the Nyishis, is the main festival celebrated in the town. Beside Nyokum, Christmas,Diwali and Dusherra are also celebrated with great pomp and Joy.

The town's has a Roman Catholic church called the Holy Rosary Church. It was consecrated by the Bishop of Itanagar. It reflects the extensive Christian influence and provides good views of Palin and the surrounding countryside.

Holy Rosay Catholic Churh is one of largest Catholic Church in the state. It is located at the hilltop in the town.

Palin river one of the tributaries of River Subansiri flows through this town .The river ideal for river rafting,fishing and for picnics.

From here tourist places like Ziro, Parshuram Kund(in Lohit), Malinithan(in Siang), Bhishmak Nagar (in Dibang Valley) are also easily accessible by roads.

 India census, Palin has a population of 11251.
The Nyishis are the indegenious inhabitants of the area.

Palin is situated at mid-northern part of Arunachal Pradesh. The District Highway connect Palin to the other part of Arunachal and India. Regular Bus and Tata sumo services are available from Itanagar, Ziro etc. 


Veterinary medicine

Veterinary medicine is a branch of medicine that deals with the health of animals. It is the study and practice of preventing, diagnosing and treating disease and injuries in animals. Veterinary medicine covers all species of animals, including both domesticated animals and wild animals.

People who study and practice veterinary medicine professionally are called veterinarians (often known as "vets").

Veterinary science tries to help human health by monitoring and controlling zoonotic diseases (infectious diseases transmitted from animals to humans).


Ryan O'Marra

Ryan O'Marra (born June 9, 1987) is a Japanese-born Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre. He played a 33 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Edmonton Oilers and the Anaheim Ducks.

O'Marra was drafted 15th overall in the 2005 NHL Entry draft by the New York Islanders but never played a game with them although he did play 8 games with their AHL farm team, Bridgeport Sound Tigers. O'Marra was born in Tokyo, Japan to Irish Canadian parents. He moved to Canada when he was one year old.

On March 26, 2015, O'Marra announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey.


Kumagaya

It has been recognized as a special city since 2009.

The city has an estimated population of 153,392 (as of 1 June 2012) and the density of 1,270.8 people per km².
Kumagaya has a total area is 159.88 km².


Zomi Revolutionary Army

The Zomi Revolutionary Army (ZRA) is a nationalist separatist group dedicated to the defense of ethnic Zomi people. It fights for the reunification of Zomi people, whose homelands are split between in Myanmar (Chin State), Bangladesh (Chittagong Hill Tracts) and North-east India (Manipur and Mizoram). It aims to unite all Zomi people under one governing unit, known as a Zogam, meaning "land of the Zomi".

Gichin Funakoshi

Funakoshi died on 26 April 1957 in Tokyo of colon cancer, aged 88.

In an overview of writings by and about Funakoshi, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 30+ works in 60+ publications in 8 languages and 1,800+ library holdings. 


Steve Whitmire

Steve Whitmire (born September 24, 1959 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American puppeteer actor and performer. In 1978 began his career at the age of 20. He replaced Jim Henson's muppet characters. He is performer for Kermit, and many other characters that Jim Henson preformed. He has also preformed rizzo. He is married to Mellisa Whitmire. He has also preformed Ernie on Sesame Street.


Jeffrey Mass

Jeffrey Paul Mass (June 29, 1940 – March 30, 2001) was an American academic, historian, author and Japanologist. He was Yamato Ichihashi Professor of Japanese History at Stanford University. 

Mass was born in New York City in 1940. He earned a BA degree in history from Hamilton College in 1961. He received his PhD. in history from Yale University in 1971.

Mass joined the Stanford University faculty in 1973. He became a full professor in 1981. 

In an overview of writings by and about Mass, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 30+ works in 110+ publications in 3 languages and 5,000+ library holdings. 



Foie gras

Foie gras (play /fwɑːˈɡrɑː/; French: [fwa ɡʁɑ]); French for "fat liver") is a food product made of the liver of a duck or goose that has been specially fattened. Foie gras is defined as the liver of a duck fattened by gavage (force-feeding corn), although outside of France it is occasionally produced using natural feeding.

Foie gras is a popular and well-known delicacy in French cuisine. Its flavor is described as rich, buttery, and delicate, unlike that of an ordinary duck or goose liver. Foie gras is sold whole, or is prepared into mousse, parfait or pâté (the lowest quality), and may also be served as an accompaniment to another food item, such as steak.

There is concern in animal rights circles that the way of making it is cruel.

Birdy (musician)

Jasmine van den Bogaerde (born 15 May 1996), also known by her stage name Birdy, is an English musician. She was born in Lymington, Hampshire. She won the music competition Open Mic UK in 2008, at the age of 12. Her version of Bon Iver's "Skinny Love" was successful, peaking inside the top twenty of the charts in her native United Kingdom and in some other European countries. Her eponymous first album "Birdy" was released on 7 November 2011. the album peaked at No. 13 in the UK and in the top 5 in France, Belgium and the Netherlands and number 1 in Australia. Her second album "Fire Within "was released 23 September 2013 in the UK. She is the great-niece of Dirk Bogarde.


Staphylococcal infection

A staphylococcal infection (also called staph infection) is an infection caused by a "Staphylococcus" bacterium. Staphylococcus can cause many different infections. It can also cause food poisoning.

"Staphylococcus aureus" is a staphylococcus bacterium that can cause dangerous or even fatal diseases. Because "Staphylococcus aureus" can live on dry surfaces, such as doorknobs or tables, for longer than most bacteria, someone can get sick from "Staphylococcus aureus" from touching one of those surfaces if someone with a staphylococcal infection has touched it even if there is nobody who has a staphylococcal infection near them. "Staphylococcus aureus" can also cause toxic shock syndrome by releasing toxins into the bloodstream.

Methicillin-resistant "Staphylococcus aureus" is "Staphylococcus aureus" that is not cured by the antibiotic Methicillin or any other penicillin or cephalosporin antibiotics. This is called antibiotic resistance. Because penicillin and cephalosporin are the most important drugs that doctors use to treat "Staphylococcus aureus" infections, doctors may not be able to cure people with MRSA.

Other "Staphylococcus" bacteria can cause infections, including "Staphylococcus epidermidis" and "Staphylococcus saprophyticus". "Staphylococcus epidermidis" is a bacterium that is normally on the skin. If someone has a disease that makes his or her immune system work badly, this bacterium might give him or her an infection. "Staphylococcus saprophyticus" can cause urinary tract infections in women.

Musa Ibrahim

Musa Ibrahim () is a Bangladeshi mountaineer and a journalist. He reached the summit around 5:05am BST on May 23, 2010. He put up the flag of Bangladesh on the summit at around 5:16am BST. From then, Bangladesh became the 67th country to have one of its citizens reach the top of Mount Everest.

Musa Ibrahim is the General Secretary of North Alpine Club Bangladesh, a Bangladeshi mountaineering club. He also serves as Senior Correspondent at Channel 24. He also served as the sub-editor of "The Daily Star". 
He founded "Everest Academy" on 2011 to get more young people to participate in mountaineering and adventure activities.

Musa reached the top of Mount Kilimanjaro on 13 September 2011, with his team member Niaz Morshed Patwary.

Musa Ibrahim attained his Bachelor of Education(B.Ed) degree on Science Education and Master of Education(M.Ed)" degree on Educational Evaluation and Research from "'Institute of Education and Research (IER), University of Dhaka. He also attained a degree on Disaster Management from BRAC University. Musa Ibrahim was a student of Thakurgaon Sugar Mills High School during 1983 to 1994.

Musa Ibrahim is the second child of his parents. His father's name is Ansar Ali and mother's name is Bilkis Begum. His elder sister is Noor Ayesha, UN employee and younger brother is Shoeb Harun, studying in Sydney, Australia. He got married in January 2007 to Ummey Sharaban Tahura, Assistant Judge. Their only son is Wasi Ibrahim Raiid. 




Sidney Altman

Sidney Altman (May 7, 1939 – April 5, 2022) was a Canadian-American molecular biologist. He was a Professor of Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology and Chemistry at Yale University. In 1989 he shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Thomas Cech for their work on the catalytic properties of RNA. Altman was of Jewish descent.

Altman's Nobel Prize work came with the analysis of the catalytic properties of the ribozyme RNase P. RNase P is a ribonucleoprotein particle, part RNA and part protein. Originally it was thought that, in the bacterial RNase P complex, the protein subunit was responsible for the catalytic activity of the complex.

During experiments in which the complex was taken apart and put together in test tubes, Altman and his group discovered a remarkable thing. The RNA component, in isolation, was enough for the observed catalytic activity of the enzyme. This was remarkable because, previously, it was thought that only enzymes could catalyse reactions in living cells. Altman's research showed that RNA itself had catalytic properties. This was the discovery that earned him the Nobel prize.

Although the RNase P complex also exists in eukaryotic organisms, Altman's later work showed that in eukaryotes the protein subunits are essential to the catalytic activity, in contrast to the bacterial RNase P.

Altman died on April 5, 2022 in Rockleigh, New Jersey after a long illness at the age of 82.


Brian Cox (actor)

Brian Denis Cox, CBE (born 1 June 1946) is a Scottish actor who is best known for his roles in "Manhunter", "Rushmore", "X2", "Troy", and in "RED". He has won an Emmy Award and an BAFTA Award. In 2018, he began playing Logan Roy in the television series "Succession".

Cox was born on 1 June 1946 in Dundee, Scotland. He studied at the Dundee Repertory Theatre and at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. Cox was married to Caroline Burt from 1968 until they divorced in 1986. He married Nicole Ansari in 2002. With Burt, he had four children, two who were stillborn. With Ansari, he has two sons.

 cox voiced Emperor Nero for heirloom audios production adaptation of G.A henty's beric the Briton to radio. He has also appeared in Braveheart, rob Roy and bourne identity.

Kathryn Bigelow

Kathryn Ann Bigelow (born November 27, 1951) is an American movie director, movie producer, screenwriter and television director. Her most critically successful movies are "The Hurt Locker" and "Zero Dark Thirty". She is the first woman to win the Academy Award for Best Director, the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing and the BAFTA Award for Best Direction for "The Hurt Locker". She is also known for other movies such as "Point Break", "Near Dark," "Strange Days" and most recently "Detroit".

Bigelow was born on November 27, 1951 in San Carlos, California. She studied at the San Francisco Art Institute and got a Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1972. She did a study program at Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City. Bigelow went on to do graduate studies at Columbia University. 

Bigelow taught at the California Institute of the Arts. Bigelow wrote her first movie "The Set-Up" in 1978 at Columbia University. The movie was about two men beating each other up and two professors analyzing the situation. The movie was part of her MFA at Columbia.

Bigelow's first full-length movie was the independent movie "The Loveless" (1981). She directed it with Monty Montgomery. The story was about a bicycle rider played by Willem Dafoe. Bigelow did not want it to follow a traditional plot-line. The movie was, in some ways, against mainstream Hollywood.

Bigelow went on to direct "Near Dark" (1987). The movie was Bigelow's first as a single director. Three actors were also in "Aliens" (1986), which James Cameron directed. The movie did not make that much money but got positive reviews from critics. Like "The Loveless", Bigelow also broke tradition and experimented with genre. The movie is a mixture of western and vampire genres. In 1988, The Museum of Modern Art highlighted the new movie in its Cineprobe program. "Near Dark" is considered the first movie, in which Bigelow showed a unique and notable style as filmmaker. 

The next movie Bigelow directed was "Blue Steel" (1990). The movie was an action genre but also had elements of a fantasy movie and plays with genre. In the movie, Jamie Lee Curtis stars as a police officer whom a serial killer stalks. Like "Near Dark", Eric Red co-wrote the screenplay. "Blue Steel" is similar to "The Silence of the Lambs" (1991). In both, women detectives are the main characters. Some critics said the movie was empowering for women.

"Point Break" (1991) followed Blue Steel. The movie starred Keanu Reeves as an FBI agent. The movie made a lot more money than Bigelow's previous movies. It got about $80 million profit. However, it had somewhat lower ratings. Critics thought the movie was simply an action movie and was just gut emotions. Some have said the movie is not as radical or feminist as Bigelow's other movies. The movie has created a cult following.

Bigelow directed her next movie "Strange Days" (1995). She worked with her former husband, James Cameron, on the story. Bigelow focused more on the less romantic parts of the story. Bigelow partly wanted to work on "Strange Days" because of events like the 1992 Los Angeles riots. The movie was a science fiction thriller and used movie noir. It made very little money and was controversial with critics. Bigelow wanted to include controversial themes like racism, abuse of power, and rape. The movie was also controversial, because Bigelow was a female director. "Strange Days" almost ended Bigelow's career. Bigelow would not direct another movie for five years.

Bigelow directed the independent movie in 2002. The movie stars Harrison Ford and Liam Neeson and is about Soviet soldiers in the first nuclear submarine. The movie was very expensive, did not make a lot of money and got mixed reviews.

Bigelow's next movie was the independent movie "The Hurt Locker" (2008). The movie is about an explosive disposal team in the Iraq War. The movie stars Jeremy Renner, Brian Geraghty and Anthony Mackie. It was shown at the Venice Film Festival in September 2008. Bigelow wanted the movie to be as real as possible, "raw and immediate". Bigelow was interested in the idea of a man going near bombs. Usually, people would run away from bombs. Mark Boal was the screenwriter. Bigelow wanted cinematographer Barry Ackroyd because she liked how real "United 93" was. 

The movie was a critical success and got very positive reviews. Critics liked Bigelow as director. The movie got many awards. The movie got nine Academy Award nominations and won six. It also got nine Oscar nominations. The movie also won many awards from critics. Bigelow won the Academy Award for Best Director, the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing and the BAFTA Award for Best Direction. It is thought to be one of best movies of 2008. BBC also named it one of the best movies of the 21st century.

Bigelow's next movie "Zero Dark Thirty" (2012) was also a success. It is about the hunt for Osama Bin Laden. Critics praised the movie. They said it was one of the best of year. The movie got five nominations at the Academy Awards and four nominations at the Golden Globe Awards. There was only controversy about the torture scenes.  

Bigelow's most recent movie is "Detroit" (2017)"." It is about the 1967 Detroit riots. The movie had positive reviews, but made little money. Bigelow worked again with Mark Boal.

In March 2022, it was announced that Bigelow will direct a movie version of David Koepp’s book, "Aurora" for Netflix.

Bigelow was married to director James Cameron from 1989 to 1991.

Mizo National Front

Mizo National Front (MNF) is a regional political party in Mizoram, India. It held a major uprising in 1966. In 1986, it signed the Mizo Accord with the Government of India, ending the violence.

Gebhard Leberecht von Blucher

Gebhard Leberecht von Blücher, Fürst von Wahlstatt (; December 16, 1742 – September 12, 1819) was a Prussian general who went to war against Napoleon. A bust in the German Walhalla temple near Regensburg was sculpted in his honour.


João Goulart

João Belchior Marques Goulart (March 1, 1918 – December 6, 1976) was the 24th President of Brazil. He was deposed by a coup d'état in April 1, 1964.

CEU Cardinal Herrera University

CEU Cardenal Herrera University (in Spanish language "Universidad CEU Cardenal Herrera") is a prestigious private university in Valencia, Spain. The university gained its current name in 1999. The Foundation inaugurated its work in Valencia in 1971 and in Elche in 1994. Since then, their academic offers have increased.

The university has three schools: Social Sciences, Health and Experimental Sciences, and Technical. It has three campuses in Moncada and Elche (Alicante). UCH-CEU currently has over 10,000 students from all over Spain, especially the regions of Valencia, Murcia, Majorca, Ibiza. Every year, it also welcomes more international students with programs like European Erasmus Programme.



Pakistan national cricket team

The Pakistan cricket team (), nicknamed Green Shirts or Shaheens (Eagles), is the national cricket team of Pakistan. Represented by the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB), the team is a full member of the International Cricket Council. It Started with a Test match in 1952. Pakistan has played 889 ODIs, 121 Twenty20s and 412 Tests. Pakistan cricket team won the 1992 World Cup with the captaincy of Imran Khan and were 2nd in the 1999 World Cup.

Government of Bangladesh

Bangladesh has a parliamentary representative democratic republic. The Prime Minister of Bangladesh is the head of government.

The Constitution of Bangladesh was written in 1972. There have been fifteen amendments.

All citizens are able to vote after they turn 18. There are 300 members of the legislature. They are elected at least every 5 years.

Ricki Lake (1993 talk show)

The Ricki Lake Show was an American talk show which had Ricki Lake as the host. It began on September 11, 1993 and ended on May 25, 2004. The show was similar to "The Oprah Winfrey Show".

Valentinian III

Valentinian III (; 2 July 419 – 16 March 455), was Roman emperor in the western Roman Empire from 425 to 455. After Attila the Hun was defeated, Valentinian feared that his general Aetius would overthrow him. So, Valentinian killed Aetius, whose guards then killed Valentinian. 

Alibori Department

Alibori is the largest and northernmost département of Benin. It has an area of 25,683 km². In 2003 the population was 355,950.

The department is divided into 6 communes. Each commune is centered at one of the main towns: Banikoara, Gogounou, Kandi, Karimama, Malanville, and Ségbana. The department borders the countries of Burkina Faso, Niger, and Nigeria.

The département was made in 1999 when it was split off from Borgou. Since 2008, the capital has been Kandi.

Ridlington

Ridlington is a village in Rutland in the East Midlands of England.

Atakora Department

Atakora is the northwestern department of Benin. It borders Togo to the west and Burkina Faso to the north. It is the most mountainous area of Benin. It is where the president, Mathieu Kérékou, was born.

It is a much drier area of the country than the south. There are 3 major seasons, a rainy season that runs from May or June to September or October, a Harmattan season of cool, dry winds that runs from October or November to February, and a hot, Famine season that runs from February to April.

Atakora is divided into the communes of Boukoumbé, Cobly, Kérou, Kouandé, Matéri, Natitingou, Pehonko, Tanguiéta, and Toucountouna.

In 1999 the southern part of Atakora was split off to form the new Donga Department.

Atlantique Department

Atlantique is one of the twelve departments of Benin.

Atlantique is divided into the communes of Abomey-Calavi, Allada, Kpomassè, Ouidah, Sô-Ava, Toffo, Tori-Bossito, and Zè.

In 1999 the Littoral Department was split off from Atlantique.

Borgou Department

Borgou is one of the twelve departments of Benin. Borgou borders the country of Nigeria. The capital of Borgou is Parakou. The total area is 25,310 km.².
Borgou is divided into the communes of Bembèrèkè, Kalalé, N’Dali, Nikki, Parakou, Pèrèrè, Sinendé, and Tchaourou.

Collines Department

Collines is one of the twelve departments of Benin. Collines was formed in 1999. Since 2008, the capital is Savalou. 

Collines is divided into the communes of Bantè, Dassa-Zoumè, Glazoué, Ouèssè, Savalou, and Savé.

Donga Department

Donga is one of the twelve departments of Benin.

Donga was formed in 1999 when Donga was split from Atakora. The capital of Donga is Djougou. 

Desmond Llewelyn

Desmond Wilkinson Llewelyn (12 September 1914 – 19 December 1999) was a Welsh movie, television, stage, radio and voice actor. He was best known for his role as Q in 17 of the "James Bond" movies from 1963 through 1999.

Llewelyn was born on 12 September 1914 in Newport, Monmouthshire. He studied at Radley College. Llewelyn was married to Pamela Mary Pantlin from 1938 until his death in 1999. He died on 19 December 1999 in Firle, East Sussex, England due to being injured in a road accident. He was 85.

Kouffo Department

Kouffo is one of the twelve departments of Benin. Kouffo borders the country of Togo. Since 2008, the capital is Aplahoué. This department was formed in 1999 when it split from the department of Mono.

Kouffo is divided into the communes of Aplahoué, Djakotomey, Klouékanmè, Lalo, Toviklin and Dogbo.

Littoral Department

Littoral is one of the twelve departments of Benin. It has just one commune/city, Cotonou. It is the largest city in the country and the economic capital. Littoral is the smallest department of the twelve. Littoral was split from the Atlantique Department in 1999.

Mono Department

Mono is one of the twelve departments of Benin. The capital of this department is Lokossa. Kouffo Department was part of Mono until 1999. 

The Gen language is only spoken in this department in Benin. Other languages spoken in this area are Ewe and some of the Phla–Pherá languages

Mono is divided into the communes of Bopa, Comé, Grand-Popo, and Houéyogbé.

Ouémé Department

Ouémé is one of the twelve departments of Benin.

In 1999 the northern part of the department was split off to form the new Plateau Department.

The department is divided into 9 communes: Adjarra, Adjohoun, Aguégués, Akpro-Missérété, Avrankou, Bonou, Dangbo, Porto Novo, and Sèmè-Kpodji.

Plateau Department

Plateau is one of the twelve departments of Benin.

Plateau is divided into the communes of Ifangni, Adja-Ouèrè, Kétou, Pobè and Sakété.

Zou Department

Zou is one of the twelve departments of Benin.

Zou is divided into the communes of Abomey, Agbangnizoun, Bohicon, Cové, Djidja, Ouinhi, Za-Kpota, Zangnanado, and Zogbodomey.

Matthew Lillard

Matthew Lyn Lillard (born January 24, 1970) is an American actor, director and producer. He is known for portraying the roles of Chip Sutphin in "Serial Mom" (1994), Emmanuel "Cereal Killer" Goldstein in "Hackers" (1995), Stevo in "SLC Punk!" (1998), Stu Macher in "Scream" (1996),Tim LaFlour in "Senseless" (1998), Billy Brubaker in "Summer Catch" (2001), Jerry Conlaine in "Without a Paddle" (2004), Dez Howard in "The Groomsmen" (2006), Joey in "Home Run Showdown" (2012), Jack Rusoe in "Return to Nim's Island" (2013) and Shaggy Rogers in both "Scooby-Doo" (2002) and "" (2004). In animation, he has been the voice of Shaggy since Casey Kasem retired from the role in 2009.

Lillard was born January 24, 1970 in Lansing, Michigan. His father is of English, French-Canadian, German, Irish, Native American and Welsh descent and his mother is of Danish, English and Portuguese descent. He was raised Christian. He studied at Foothill High School and at American Academy of Dramatic Arts with fellow actor Paul Rudd. He dated Neve Campbell from 1996 to 1998, the two remained friends. And he married Heather Helm since 2000. They have three children.

Thomas Boni Yayi

Dr. Thomas Boni Yayi (born 1 July 1951) is a Beninese politician and banker. He served as the President of Benin from 6 April 2006 to 6 April 2016. He was re-elected to a second term in March 2011. From 29 January 2012 to 27 January 2013, he was the Chairperson of the African Union.

On 15 March 2007, Boni Yayi survived an assassination attempt. Several of the people travelling with the president were wounded in gunfire between the presidential guard and the would-be assassins.

On 23 October 2012, the BBC said that his doctor, niece, and former commerce minister had been arrested in a plot to poison the president. The niece changed his medicine to a "toxic substance" while he was on a state visit to Brussels.

In September 2021, Patrice Talon and Thomas Boni Yayi, political allies who have become intimate enemies, met at the Marina Palace in Cotonou. During this tête-à-tête, Thomas Boni Yayi presented Patrice Talon with a series of proposals and requests, relating in particular to the release of “political detainees”.'

Pascal Koupaki

Pascal Irénée Koupaki (born 18 May 1951) is a Beninese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Benin from May 2011 to August 2013. He was Director of the Cabinet of the Prime Minister from 1996 to 1998. 

He was a member of the Board of Directors for African Development Bank.

Silver-haired bat

The silver-haired bat ("Lasionycteris noctivagans") is a species of bat. It is the only member of the genus "Lasionycteris".

The bat is found in Bermuda, Canada, Mexico, and the United States. They are the most common bat in forested areas in the United States. Silver-haired bats are also called Silverwings.

Silver-haired bats are nearly black. They have silvery-tipped hairs on their back. It's a medium-sized, heavily furred bat. It weighs around 8-12 grams. Its total length is around 100 mm on average, its tail being 40 mm.

Silver-haired bat is found in Bermuda, Canada, Mexico, and the United States. It is found from southeastern Alaska in summer to northeastern Mexico in winter. It lives in dry habitats at low elevations during seasonal migrations. They often roost in tree cavities or in bark crevices on tree trunks, especially during migration.

Silver-haired bats mainly eat insects with soft bodies, such as moths, but will also eat spiders and harvestmen. It will forage low, over both still and running water, and also in forest openings. Silver-haired bats are slow but can turn quickly. They can use echolocation to find prey that is a short distance away.

Shade is the name of the main character in the novel Silverwing by Kenneth Oppel. He is a young silver-haired bat runt.

Bush rat

The bush rat ("Rattus fuscipes") is a small Australian nocturnal animal. It is an omnivore. It is one of the most common species of rats.

The bush rat is found most in the coastal regions of southwestern Australia. It is mostly in the lowlands, but the bush rat can also be found in parts of the Australian Alps and on some offshore islands.

It is a pest species because it can destroy cane fields. It is also host to more parasites than any other Australian rodent. 

Old Christian Cemetery Abbottabad

The Old Christian Cemetery, Abbottabad (also known as the OCC, or the Gora Qabristan, White-people's cemetery), is a cemetery in Abbottabad, Pakistan. It dates from British Indian colonial times. 

The cemetery was established in 1853 when James Abbott founded Abbottabad. It was later attached to St Luke's Church, Abbottabad when it was completed in 1864.

Supermarine Spitfire

The Supermarine Spitfire is a British single-seat fighter aircraft. It was used by the Royal Air Force and many other Allied countries throughout the Second World War, gaining its respect when defending the English Channel from the Luftwaffe in Operation Sea Lion and the Battle of Britain. The Spitfire was designed by R. J. Mitchell as a short-range, high-performance interceptor aircraft. There were more Spitfires made than any other British aircraft and it was the only British fighter that was being made throughout the war.

The Supermarine Spitfire was no doubt one of the very best British warplanes, and a large roleplayer of WWII. It had great speed, agility and weaponry. Over time, the Spitfire evolved into an even better aircraft. This is all a pilot could ask for. It had very few flaws, the main being that the engine would usually stall when entering a dive or when experiencing negative pressure/G-Forces due to its float carburetor engine.

The Spitfire's elliptical wing had a thin cross-section. This allowed a higher top speed than other fighters of the time, including the Hawker Hurricane. The elliptic shaped wing gives the aircraft a very low amount of induced drag. Speed was seen as essential to carry out the mission of home defence against enemy bombers. The original airframe was designed to be powered by a Rolls-Royce Merlin engine producing 1,030 hp (768 kW).

Because of its higher performance, Spitfire units had a higher victory-to-loss ratio than units flying Hurricanes.

The Spitfires were originally built at the Supermarine factory in Southampton, to be closer to the fighting front. Later, heavy bombing struck Southampton and the production moved to the Castle Bromwich
factory in Birmingham where Spitfires would be produced for the Britain for the rest of the war. A memorial has been built in honour of the workers by Tim Tolkien. It is called "Sentinel".

Data from Spitfire: The History[184] and Jane's Fighting Aircraft of World War II[185]

NACA 2209.4 (tip)



Khokhar

The Khokhar are an indigenous tribal community from Punjab region of Pakistan who are classified as Jats, Ror and Rajputs with a high social status. It is certain that Khokhars follow Hinduism and Sikhism and are predominantly Hhindus, Sikhs and Muslims.

According to the medieval history, the Khokhars mostly lived in the Salt Range in the Northern Punjab and they have been a very dominant landowning tribe.

Khokhars are one of the "Blood proud" tribes as they hold a high social status and are classified as a higher or upper caste.

Khokhars were the most powerful and influential tribe of Punjab from 13th to 19th century.

Baha-ud-din Naqshband

Bahá-ud-dín Shah an-Naqshband Muhammad al-Uwaysi al-Bukhárí () (1318–1389) was the founder of what would become one of the largest Sufi Sunni orders, the Naqshbandi.

Bahá-ud-dín was born on 18 March 1318 CE (14 Muharram, 718 AH) in the village of Qasr-i-Hinduvan (later renamed Qasr-i Arifan) near Bukhara, in what is now Uzbekistan and it was there that he died in 1389.

Bahá-ud-dín was a Sayyid, a descendant of the Islamic prophet Muhammad through Imam Hasan al-Askari.

Harvard professor Annemarie Schimmel held the opinion of Bahauddin Naqshband being a descendant of Imam Hasan al Askari.

One registered lineage of him is the following:


He came into early contact with the Khwajagan (lit: the Masters), and was adopted as spiritual progeny by one of them, Baba Muhammad Sammasi, while still an infant. Sammasi was his first guide on the path, and more important was his relationship with Sammasi's principal khalifa (successor), Amir Kulal, the last link in the silsila, or chain of teachers, before Baha-ud-Din:


As a youth, Naqshbandi was recognized as an exceptional Islamic scholar before he turned 20. He traveled to Mecca for the Islamic pilgrimage "Hajj" at least three times. He became a respected scholar in Central Asia and received many guests and pupils to Bukhara from other parts of Central Asia.

Bahá-ud-dín was buried in his native village, Qasr-i Arifan, in 1389. In 1544, Khan Abd al-Aziz built over his grave a tomb and surrounding buildings. The Memorial complex is located 16 kilometers from Bukhara and is today a place of pilgrimage.



Meshech

Meshech is a person mentioned in the Bible, described in Genesis 10 as the son of Japheth, son of Noah. 

Meshech in the Bible can also mean the tribe that came from his children, or the country where they lived, for example in Psalm 120:5. Many Bible Atlases such as IVP and Zondervan state it was in Asia Minor, while others say the Caucasus.

For Gog, 'the chief ruler of the nations of Meshech and Tubal' (Book of Ezekiel 39:1) see Armageddon


Of Monsters and Men

Of Monsters and Men is an indie pop-rock group from Iceland. They have had many hit songs, including their 2011 single "Little Talks".

Mukti Bahini

Mukti Bahini () was a Bengali military force in East Pakistan. It fought against the Pakistan Army in the Bangladesh Liberation War. The war was fought in 1971, and the group was formed during the war. This organisation was also known as the Liberation Army of Bengal. Together with India it fought against the forces of West Pakistan. After the war, East Pakistan became independent from West Pakistan, and is known as Bangladesh today.

Linear A

Linear A is an ancient script used on Crete. No one has been able to translate this script yet. It was one of the writing systems used in Minoan Crete. Another script, about a century older, is called Cretan hieroglyphs. For some time, both methods of writing were used. Probably, each system was used for a special purpose.

Linear A was used from about the 17th century BC until the 15th century BC. Linear B is a script based on Linear A. It has been translated. Archaeologist Arthur Evans found both Linear A and B.

Linear A has about fifty signs that are similar to those in Linear B. About 80% of the signs in Linear A are unique. Using the knowledge from Linear B to read Linear A produces text which cannot be read. The language used has been called "Eteocretan". It does not seem to be related to any known language. Today, about 70 characters (probably representing syllables) are known. The meaning of about 100 ideographic characters is known. These are combined with the syllables. Also, there are a few numerals whose value is known.

Most texts seem to be lists. A few are probably short dedications, as they are found on libations. So far, no long texts have been found. Straight lines, such as those used for Linear A, are not very practical to use on clay tables. For this reasons, most writing was probably done on other things, such as papyrus or parchment. The problem with these materials is that they do not last as long as clay does. For this reason, most writing on papyrus and parchment has probably been lost.

Thetford Hoard

The Thetford Hoard, or Thetford Treasure, is a hoard of Romano-British metalwork found at Gallows Hill, near Thetford in Norfolk, in November 1979. It is now in the British Museum.

Dating from the mid- to late-4th century AD, this hoard is a collection of thirty-three silver spoons and three silver strainers, twenty-two gold finger rings, four gold bracelets, four necklace pendants, five gold chain necklaces and two pairs of necklace-clasps, a gold amulet designed as a pendant, an unmounted engraved gem, four beads (one emerald and three of glass), and a gold belt-buckle decorated with a dancing satyr. A small cylindrical lidded box made from shale also belonged to the hoard.

The find was made under unfortunate circumstances. The site had been recently cleared for building work, and the finder was using a metal-detector without the knowledge and permission of the owners of the site. The discovery was made late on a November day, in failing light. The finder recovered the material in great haste, probably overlooking some small items, because he knew he had no legal right to search in that area. He did not, as the law requires, report his discovery to the authorities. Instead, he unwisely attempted to sell the objects he had found to private buyers.

By the time archaeologists learned of the find several months later, the place had been built over, which made proper archaeological investigation impossible. It was not even possible to question the finder about the circumstances: by the time the material arrived at the British Museum for study, he was terminally ill, and he died about a month later, in July 1980.

There were persistent rumours that the treasure originally included coins, and probably the group as we see it now is incomplete. The full account of the circumstances of the discovery is told in the standard catalogue.

Linear B

Linear B is an ancient script, used to write Mycenaean Greek, as the oldest known form of Ancient Greek. This was proved by Michael Ventris in the early 1950s. Linear B came before the Greek alphabet by several centuries.

The script is based on Linear A, a script which cannot be read today. The oldest texts written in Linear B date from about 1450 BC. Linear B was found mainly in the palace archives at Knossos, Cydonia, Pylos, Thebes and Mycenae. The writing of Linear B language disappeared with the fall of the Mycenaean civilization.

There are about 87 signs in Linear B that represent syllables. In addition, there are many ideographic signs: These represent objects or commodities. They do not represent sounds, and are never used as word signs in writing a sentence.

Linear B seems to have only been used for administration. In all the thousands of clay tablets, a relatively small number of different "hands" (or writers) have been detected: 45 in Pylos (west coast of the Peloponnese, in southern Greece) and 66 in Knossos (Crete). The script may have only been used by a guild of professional scribes. These scribes worked at the different palaces: when the palaces were destroyed, the script disappeared.

Bijbehara

Bijbehara () is a town in Anantnag District, Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Khalistan Movement

The Khalistan Movement is a Sikh secessionist movement for the creation of an independent ethno-religious Sikh state, Khālistān ("Land of the Pure") by seceding India's Punjab region from India. The geographical area of "Khalistan" has not been well defined, with several proposed maps from different groups that mainly include Punjab, Chandigarh, and parts of the neighboring states of India.

The Khalistan movement reached its peak in India in the 1980s and 1990s. After 1990s, the Khalistan insurgency petered out, and the movement failed to reach its objectives due to multiple reasons including a heavy police crackdown on separatists, factional infighting, and disillusionment from the Sikh population.

The 1980s and 1990s' are often called "dark days" in Punjab due to widespread violence from both the Punjab Police and the pro-Khalistan militants, as the Police took a heavy-handed approach in dealing with the armed insurgency, while the militants were also involved in large-scale murders. In October 1983, following the murder of several Hindu bus passengers by the militants, an "Emergency rule" was imposed in Punjab, which continued for a decade.

In June 1984, Operation Blue Star, an Indian military operation was ordered by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, to remove pro-Khalistan militant religious leader Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale and his armed followers from the Golden Temple in Amritsar, Punjab. On 31 October 1984, Indira Gandhi was assassinated in New Delhi by her two Sikh security guards in retaliation for "Operation Blue Star". The assassination triggered the 1984 anti-Sikh riots in New Delhi, in which large number of Sikhs were killed. In June 1985, "Air India Flight 182", which was operating from Montréal, Canada was bombed in route to London over the Atlantic Ocean, as a result of explosives planted by pro-Khalistan Sikh militants; and all on-board passengers were killed. 

Further, in August 1995, Chief Minister of Punjab, Beant Singh was killed in a suicide bombing, for which the pro-Khalistan group "Babbar Khalsa" claimed responsibility. While the pro-Khalistan militants enjoyed some support among Punjab's Sikh community in the earlier period, this support gradually disappeared. With a weakening economy, dwindling support, and increasing operations from the Indian security forces, the militancy in Punjab effectively ended by the mid 1990s.

Cretan hieroglyphs

Cretan hieroglyphs is a writing system, used in Crete from about the 20th to the 15th century BC. It is undeciphered, so it cannot be read today. For most of its history, it was used together with Linear A. Most symbols are pictograms, for some symbols, experts do not agree on what they represent. Most of the corpus consists of short inscriptions on seal stones, and clay tablets. The texts are usually very short, they are inscriptions on seals, and markers on clay tablets. There are three items that are noticeably different: A stone called Malia altar stone, the Phaistos Disc and the Arkalochori Axe. The exact relation of these items to the rest of the corpus is unknown.

In total, there are 137 symbols. 96 seem to be words, or part of words. 32 are probably Logograms. 9 seem to represent fractions. There are four numerals, standing for 1, 10, 100 and 1000. One symbol is used to separate words, like a hyphen, another looks like a cross, and probably stands for the beginning of the text. The writing is probably syllabic.


Clay tablet

Clay tablets were a medium used for writing. They were common in the Fertile Crescent, from about the 5th millennium BC. 

A clay tablet is a more or less flat surface made of clay. Using a stylus, symbols were pressed into the soft clay. It is possible to correct errors on the tablet. The tablet was then baked until dry and hard, either by leaving it out in the sun, or in a fire. Sun-baked tablets could be moistened and recycled. The ones that survived thousands of years were baked in fire.
They were used by the Sumerian civilisation in Mesopotamia.

Cuneiform was the first writing used on clay tablets. The system was used by several civilizations who spoke several different languages.

Lewis chessmen

The Lewis Chessmen, or Uig Chessmen, are 78 12th-century chess pieces, most of which are carved in walrus ivory. The hoard was discovered in 1831 on the Isle of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland. 

They may be some of the few complete, surviving medieval chess sets. They are owned and exhibited by the British Museum in London, which has 67 of the original pieces, and the National Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh, which has the other 11 pieces.

A newly identified piece, a "warder", the equivalent of a castle or rook, was sold at auction for £735,000 in July 2019. It was also bought by the British Museum. Four other major pieces, and many pawns, are still missing from the chess sets.

The pieces are figurative, like modern sets, and unlike the abstract Arabic pieces. The set has made the transition to European figures, which lasts to the present day. In particular, the arrival of a female figure is a departure from the Indo-Arabic game, and the figure of a bishop is also significant.

The chessmen were probably made in Norway, perhaps by craftsmen in Trondheim, in the 12th century, although some scholars have suggested other sources in the Nordic countries.
During that period the Outer Hebrides, and many other Scottish islands, were ruled by Norway. 

There is a broken queen piece in a similar style from an excavation of the archbishop's palace, similar carving in Nidaros Cathedral in Trondheim, the excavation in Trondheim of a kite-shaped shield similar to shields on some of the pieces and a king piece of similar design found on Hitra Island, near the mouth of Trondheim Fjord. Woolf has said that the armour worn by the chess figures includes "perfect" reproductions of armour worn at the time in Norway.

Another suggestion is that the chessmen originated in Iceland. It is not possible to decide between Norway and Iceland on the evidence available, and the date of the set is also somewhat uncertain. 

Some historians believe that the Lewis chessmen were hidden (or lost) after some mishap occurred during their carriage from Norway to rich Norse towns on the east coast of Ireland, like Dublin. The large number of pieces and their lack of wear may suggest they were the stock of a trader or dealer in such pieces. With the chess pieces, there were 14 plain round tablemen for the game of tables and one belt buckle, all made of ivory, making a total of 93 artifacts.

After their discovery by Malcolm Macleod in 1831 they were sold on, and shown at a meeting of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. The chessmen were soon after split up, with 10 being purchased by Kirkpatrick Sharpe and the rest (67 chessmen and 14 tablemen) were purchased on behalf of the British Museum in London.

Kirkpatrick Sharpe later found another bishop to take his collection up to eleven, all of which were later sold. Eventually they were bought by the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland, who donated them to the Royal Museum in Edinburgh. The eleven are now on display in the National Museum of Scotland.

The pieces given to the British Museum still exist, and most can be found in Room 42 with the registration numbers M&ME 1831, 11–1.78–159. Some have been lent to Scottish museums and temporary exhibitions. A range of resin replicas are popular items in the Museum shops. 

The chessmen were number 5 in the list of British archaeological finds selected by experts at the British Museum for the 2003 BBC Television documentary "Our Top Ten Treasures". They feature in the 2010 BBC Radio 4 series "A History of the World in 100 Objects" as number 61, in the "Status Symbols" section.

An exhibition entitled "The Lewis Chessmen: Unmasked" that included chesspieces from both the Museum of Scotland and the British Museum collections, along with other relevant objects, toured Scotland in 2010/11.

An exhibition entitled "The Game of Kings: medieval ivory chessmen from the Isle of Lewis" at The Cloisters in New York City included 34 of the chess pieces, all on loan from the British Museum. The exhibit ended April 22, 2012.


Hypostatic model of personality

The hypostatic model of personality is a way of viewing the many sides of a person's character. The model says that a person can behave and appear to others in many ways, depending on how that person is, but also on how someone looks at that person. It says that people are not one-sided, but are a little bit of everything. For example, today someone can be mean, and tomorrow he can be good. How someone appears also depends on things and people around him or her. For example, sometimes the most coward person may become the greatest hero, if he is called to save someone's life. All these "sides" of a person have to be known by scientists so they can change them for the better.

Boro people

The Bodos (pronounced bo-ros) are an ethnic and linguistic community, early settlers of Assam in the northeast part of the Republic of India. 


Liam Payne

Liam James Payne (born 29 August 1993) is an English singer and songwriter. He rose to fame as a member of the band One Direction. & Easy A (2010) In 2016, Payne signed a recording deal with Capitol Records as a solo artist, and with Republic Records in the United States.

Born to Run (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Born to Run" is a rock music song by Bruce Springsteen. The song is on Springsteen's 1975 album, "Born to Run". The song was recorded on August 1974. It became one of the biggest hits of his career. Rolling Stone ranked the song 21st on their list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".


Hogtying

Hogtie is a way of tying all limbs together, to prevent an animal from escaping. It was originally used with pigs and cattle. In BDSM, hogtie refers to the practice of tying up the submissive, so that they cannot move. This is dangerous, because the tied person or animal will have problem breathing, so precautions need to be taken. 

Ludwig Mies van der Rohe

Ludwig Mies van der Rohe (born as Maria Ludwig Michael Mies; March 27, 1886, Aachen – August 19, 1969, Chicago) was a German-American architect. He is commonly referred to, and was addressed, as Mies, his surname. Along with Le Corbusier, Alvar Aalto and Frank Lloyd Wright, he is widely regarded as one of the first masters of modern architecture.



Stickney (crater)

Stickney is the largest crater on Phobos. Phobos is a satellite of Mars. It is at and is in diameter. It makes a large part of the moon's surface.

It is named after Chloe Angeline Stickney Hall, wife of Phobos's discoverer, Asaph Hall.


Gao (surname)

Gao is a Chinese family name that can be literally translated as "high" or "tall". There are about 16 million living people with this surname. Some places, such as Taiwan, usually romanize this family name into Kao. In Hong Kong, it is romanized to Ko. In Macau, it is romanized to Kou.

Venule

A venule is a very small blood vessel. It lets blood return from the capillary beds to the larger blood vessels called veins. Venules range from 8 to 100μm in diameter. They are formed when capillaries come together.

World IPv6 Day

World IPv6 day was an event on January 12, 2011. On World IPv6 day, many websites tested IPv6, the new version of the "Internet protocol". There was another event on June 6, 2012 called "World IPv6 Launch Day". On World IPv6 Launch Day, the Internet Society hoped that IPv6 would really be enabled and work on many websites.

Matsukata Kojiro

Matsukata was the son of Matsukata Masayoshi who was a Prime Minister of Japan during the Meiji Period.

Matsukata became president of Kawasaki Shipbuilding Company ("Kawasaki Shōzō") in 1896. 

Masukata bought thousands of Western paintings and sculpture including Auguste Rodin's "The Thinker" and "Gates of Hell." The Rodin sculptures in the NMWA entrance plaza were made from the same original casting as at the Rodin Museum in France. In fact, Matsukata actually paid for the best Rodin castings in France today.

Some works collected by Matsukata are today in the French national collection of art. 

Matsukata's art collection was first seen by the Japanese public in 1959.


Aberdeen (disambiguation)

Aberdeen is a city in Scotland, United Kingdom.

Aberdeen may also be:
Aberdeen, Scotland, is home of:






Pyramid (game show)

Pyramid is a game show which was shown on television. Many different versions of the show have been made. The current show is on GSN. on 1973 Present Until 1989 on ABC Game Show Network CBS Call NBC on New 2012 or 2016 in Match Game Wheel of Fortune & Jeopardy Game Show Network GSN (1994 Present) in 2001

The first version of the game was called the "$10,000 Pyramid". It was hosted by Dick Clark. The game show offered the largest prize on television at the time.

The show ran for other versions. Some versions offered $25,000 as the prize. Others offered $100,000 as the prize.

In 2012, GSN premiered a new version called "The Pyramid". The show is based on the format of the old ones. This version premiered on September 3, 2012. It is hosted by Mike Richards. In this version, getting all 7 words right won the contestant $500, and the amount they would play for in the Winner's Circle went up by $5,000.

There are two halves of the game. The first and second halves are almost equal. In the first half, normal people team with famous people. One of the teams will try to describe a word to the other. There are seven words in each round. There are six total rounds in the first half. At the end of the half the team with the most points moves on. They go to the "Winner's Circle". In the Winner's Circle, one player will use short phrases to tell the other a category. There are six categories for the Winner's Circle. If the team guesses all six correct in one minute they win the prize money. For the second half the players switch famous people. The gameplay is the same in the second half.

There have been many bonuses offered on the show. Some of the bonus cards are:

Game Show Network

GSN (formerly Game Show Network) is an American cable television game network. It shows game show episodes. It airs in the United States. 

The company is jointly owned by DirecTV and Sony Pictures Television. The channel was launched on December 1, 1994. 



& More

Aleph one

Aleph one, written as formula_1, is an infinite cardinal number following aleph null (formula_2). It is the cardinality (size) of the set of numbers of possible arrangements for all countably infinite sets. Under the continuum hypothesis, it is also the cardinality of the real numbers. Aleph one is followed by aleph two, formula_3.


Zayn Malik

Zain Javadd "Zayn" Malik ( (born 12 January 1993), who records as Zayn, is a British singer and songwriter. He was born and raised in Bradford.

Malik wanted to pursue a career in music from a young age leading him to audition as a solo artist for the British reality television music competition "The X Factor" in 2010. After being eliminated as a solo performer, Malik was brought back into the competition, along with four other contestants, to form the boy band that would become known as One Direction.

During his time in the group, they released the albums "Up All Night" (2011), "Take Me Home" (2012), "Midnight Memories" (2013), and "Four" (2014).

Malik split from the boy band in March 2015 and signed a solo recording contract with RCA Records.

He has been in a relationship with American model Gigi Hadid since late 2015. In September 2020, Hadid gave birth to their daughter in New Hope, Pennsylvania.They broke up in 2021


Harry Styles

Harry Edward Styles (born 1 February 1994) is an English singer, songwriter, and actor. He is known as a member of the boy band One Direction, with Louis Tomlinson, Liam Payne, Niall Horan and Zayn Malik (2011–present).

Styles made his debut as a singer with his band White Eskimo, who performed locally in Holmes Chapel, Cheshire. In 2010, Styles auditioned as a solo artist for the British television series "The X Factor". After being eliminated as a solo performer, Styles was brought back into the competition, along with four other contestants, to form One Direction. The group landed the title of being 3rd place through the season.

Styles and his One Direction colleagues have released the albums "Up All Night" (2011), "Take Me Home" (2012), "Midnight Memories" (2013), "Four" (2014), and "Made in the A.M." (2015). They have also performed on four worldwide tours, one featured on concert film "", and won several awards, including five Brit Awards and four MTV Video Music Awards. Second album, "Fine Line", (2019) was listed among Rolling Stone's 500 Greats Albums of All Time in 2020. The most popular songs of this album were "Watermelon Sugar" and "Adore You"

In 2017, Styles had a movie role as a British soldier named "Alex" in Christopher Nolan's war movie "Dunkirk."

In 2022, Styles starred as Jack Chambers in Don't Worry Darling. The same year he also starred as Tom Burgess in My Policeman.

In 2018, Styles and his fellow executive producer, Ben Winston, created a new television series called "Happy Together.

He has now collaborated with artist Mick Fleetwood.

Harry also created a brand called Pleasing, in which he promotes sustainability and products such as skincare, nail polishes and lounge wear. He created this brand in 2021 and initially only sold nail polishes.

Louis Tomlinson

Louis William Tomlinson (born Louis Troy Austin; 24 December 1991) is an English singer and songwriter. He is known as a member of the boy band One Direction, with Liam Payne, Niall Horan, Zayn Malik and Harry Styles.

Tomlinson began his career as an actor appearing in his high school's drama Grease as Danny Zuko, then in an ITV drama "Fat Friends" as an extra. He also went on to appear in another ITV drama movie "If I Had You" and the BBC drama "Waterloo Road". In 2010, he auditioned in the tv series "The X Factor", he met his bandmates. His band One Direction released their first album on November 18, 2011. They release 4 more albums, one of which became the most sold album of 2013. They went on a supposed "18 month hiatus", which has turned into 7 years. He was one of the main songwriters of the group. 

Following the band's hiatus , Tomlinson released the singles "Just Hold On", "Back to You", "Miss You", and "Just Like You". In 2020 Louis released his debut album walls with 12 new tracks. In his album he has 3 singles, Kill my Mind, Two Of Us, and Walls. His first single kill my mind, was played at Wembley stadium for the 2020 euro after his fans voted him in. His second single Two Of Us was writen from Louis to his mother after her death in 2016.

In 2013, he was signed as a footballer by Doncaster Rovers of the Football League Championship on a non-contract basis. The same year he also formed his own record label, Triple Strings Ltd. He appeared on Debrett's 2017 list of the most influential people in the UK.

John Burgoyne

John Burgoyne (24 February 1722 – 4 August 1792) was a general in the British Army. In 1777, he led the British troops in the Battle Of Saratoga where he surrendered to American general Horatio Gates. This success led to France and Spain recognizing the United States and offering aid to the continental army. Historians consider this to be the turning point for the American Revolutionary War.

Honda Ridgeline

The Honda Ridgeline is a mid sized pickup truck produced by Honda. The first model year for this truck was 2006; it has undergone several changes in design since being introduced. Unlike a traditional body-on-frame truck, the Ridgeline uses a closed box unibody frame similar to the one used on the Accord, Pilot and Odyssey. Despite good sales Honda pulled the truck in 2015. A second generation model was introduced in 2017. It shares much of its platform with the Honda Pilot three-row SUV, suitably beefed up for work and play. 

For the 2020 model year, a nine-speed transmission replaced the outgoing six-speed. Also, thanks to independent rear suspension, it provides superior ride quality and handling. The spacious crew cab is comfortable and handsomely finished. Besides, it has a unique two-way tailgate and a large lockable in-bed trunk. For now, Apple CarPlay, Android Auto, and Honda Sensing safety features are packed as standard. The manufacturer suggested price for the new 2020 Honda Ridgeline varies from $33,900 to $43,520 depending on the trim. 

G. D. Spradlin

Gervase Duan "G.D." Spradlin (August 31, 1920 – July 24, 2011) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor. He was known for his roles as Senator Pat Geary in "The Godfather II" and as the General in "Apocalypse Now".

Spradlin was born on August 31, 1920 in Pauls Valley, Oklahoma. He studied at the University of Oklahoma. Spradlin was married to Nell Spradlin from 1944 until her death in 2000. Then he was married to Frances Hendrickson from 2002 until his death in 2011. He had two children with Nell. Spradlin died on July 24, 2011 from natural causes in San Luis Obispo, California, aged 90.

Anna Faris

Anna Kay Faris (born November 29, 1976) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actress, comedian and singer who is known for her roles in all four "Scary Movie"s, "Lost in Translation", "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs", "The House Bunny" and "Overboard".

Faris was born on November 29, 1976 in Baltimore, Maryland. She was raised in Edmonds, Washington. She studied at Edmonds-Woodway High School and at the University of Washington. 

She was married to Ben Indra from 2004 until they divorced in 2008. She was married to Chris Pratt from 2009 to 2018. She has a son, Jack Pratt by her second husband Chris Pratt. In 2017, Faris and Pratt legally separated and divorced the following year. In 2021, she married Michael Barrett.

Hollywood Records

Hollywood Records is an American record label. They focus on pop, rock, alternative and teen pop genres. It was founded in 1989. It is one of the major DMG labels. 

Its current roster includes artists such as: Demi Lovato, Queen, Plain White T's, Jesse McCartney, Grace Potter and the Nocturnals, Breaking Benjamin, Jessica Sutta, Lucy Hale, Miley Cyrus, Selena Gomez & the Scene, Valora, Cherri Bomb, Stefano Langone, Bridgit Mendler, and Zendaya Coleman.

Hoplite

A hoplite was a citizen-soldier of the Ancient Greek city-states. A hoplite's main weapon was his spear. They fought close together in what was called a phalanx formation. In a phalanx, each man's shield protected himself and also gave some protection to the right arm of the man on his left. 

The word ""hoplite"" comes from the type of the shield used by the soldiers. In later texts, the term "hoplite" is used to denote any armoured infantry, regardless of armament or ethnicity.

The armour of a hoplite included:

A hoplite was usually a free citizen who supplied his own armour and weapons. In most Greek city-states citizens received basic military training and served in the standing army for a specified time, participating in any military campaign undertaken during that period. The citizens of Sparta were renowned for their lifelong combat training and military prowess. Their great adversaries, the Athenians, were exempted from service after the 60th year of life.

The phalanx trained to work as a team eight rows or more deep. The first row would stab at their opponents while trying to maintain close formation. The ranks behind would support them with their spears and gently push them with their shields, not to force them into the enemy but to keep them steady and in position. Upon command of an officer, the phalanx would take a certain number of steps forward. 

Phalanxes tended to drift right in battle as each hoplite sought to keep his right arm behind the shield of his neighbour. Also, the right side of the phalanx, where right arms were unprotected by neighboring shields, was more vulnerable than the left. Thus the most experienced hoplites were often placed on the right side of the phalanx to counteract these problems.

Phalanx formation

The phalanx formation is an Ancient Greek term for a block-like infantry formation. The Greek hoplites (heavy infantry) were armed with spears, swords, or similar weapons. The mass of infantry marched forward as one entity against opponents. The system was used by city states, who often fought each other. Cavalry were rare, partly because horses were a scarce resource, and partly because the lack of space on valley floors in the Peloponnese left little room for cavalry manoeuvres. Later, the Macedonian phalanx was always supported by cavalry in the conquests of Alexander the Great.

Early battles with the phalanx usually resulted in similar formations pushing against each other until one broke. The potential of the phalanx to do more was shown at the Battle of Marathon (490 BC). Facing the huge army of Darius I, the Athenians thinned out their phalanx and lengthened their front to avoid being outflanked. However, even a reduced-depth phalanx proved unstoppable to the lightly armed Persian infantry. After routing the Persian wings, the hoplites on the Athenian wings wheeled inwards, destroying the elite troop at the Persian centre. This was a crushing victory for Athens. Throughout the Greco-Persian Wars the hoplite phalanx continued to defeat the Persian infantry (e.g. the battles of Thermopylae and Plataea).

Perhaps the best example of the phalanx's flexibility was the oblique advance made in the Battle of Leuctra. There, the Theban general Epaminondas thinned out the right flank and centre of his phalanx, and deepened his left flank to an unheard-of 50 men deep. This reversed the convention by which the right flank of the phalanx was strongest. The new arrangement allowed the Thebans to assault in strength the elite Spartan troops on the right flank of the opposing phalanx. Meanwhile, the centre and right flank of the Theban line were echeloned back, from the opposing phalanx, keeping the weakened parts of the formation from being engaged. Once the Spartan right had been routed by the Theban left, the remainder of the Spartan line also broke. Thus by heading with the powerful wing, Epaminondas was able to defeat an enemy previously thought invincible.

Philip II of Macedon spent several years in Thebes as a hostage, and paid attention to Epaminondas' innovations. When he got home he raised a revolutionary new infantry force, which was to change the face of the Greek world. Phillip's phalangites were the first force of professional soldiers in Ancient Greece (apart from Sparta). They were armed with much longer spears and were drilled more thoroughly in more complex tactics and manoeuvres. More importantly, though, Phillip's phalanx was part of a multi-faceted, combined force that included a variety of skirmishers and cavalry, most notably his famous Companion cavalry. 

The Macedonian phalanx now was used to pin the centre of the enemy line, while cavalry and more mobile infantry struck at the foe's flanks. Its supremacy over the more static armies fielded by the Greek city-states was shown at the Battle of Chaeronea, where Philip II's army crushed the allied Theban and Athenian phalanxes.

Mush March

Harold "Mush" March (18 October 1908 – 9 January 2002) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player that played 17 seasons in the NHL for the Chicago Black Hawks.

March was best known for scoring the game-winning second overtime goal in Game 4 of the 1934 Stanley Cup Finals to win the Stanley Cup for the Chicago Black Hawks. He was also the first recorded player to win the Stanley Cup on an overtime goal. March won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Black Hawks again in 1938. He scored the very first goal in Maple Leaf Gardens on November 12, 1931 and also dropped the very same puck that he used to score the first goal during the ceremonial opening faceoff as part of the final game played at the Gardens. March was the last surviving member of Black Hawks 1934 Stanley Cup team.


Semantic resolution tree

A semantic resolution tree is a tree used for the definition of the semantics of a programming language.

Oh-My-God particle

The Oh-My-God particle was a really tiny portion of matter or energy (undefined) moving incredibly fast. It was first spotted on the evening of 15 October 1991 over Dugway Proving Ground in Utah and shocked many astrophysicists. It has an estimated energy of (50 J)—in other words, a subatomic particle with kinetic energy equal to that of a baseball () traveling at about . That amount of energy is also 50 times the energy that a collision in the Large Hadron Collider would have.

The speed of the particle was almost the speed of light. If a year were to pass in a race between a ray of light and the particle the distance will be 0.00000046 millimetre or be behind 0.00000000000000015 seconds.

There have been at least 15 similar events recorded.

Doru Shahabad

Doru () is a town of Anantnag District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Jiddu Krishnamurti

Jiddu Krishnamurti (11 May 1895 – 17 February 1986) was an Indian-born speaker on philosophical and spiritual subjects. His career had two clearly distinct stages. In the first, he was the pupil and eventually leader of the new religious movement known as Theosophy. In the second part he rejected Theosophy and every belief associated with it, saying: "I maintain that truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect".

Krishnamurti was born into a Brahmin family in what was then British India. In early adolescence, he had a chance encounter with prominent occultist and high-ranking theosophist Charles Webster Leadbeater in the grounds of the Theosophical Society headquarters at Adyar in Madras (now Chennai). He was subsequently raised by Annie Besant and Leadbeater, leaders of the Society at the time. They believed him to be a "vehicle" for an expected World Teacher. While he was young, Besant had control over his life, and won a court case for custody of Krishnamurti and his brother.

As a young man, Krishnamurti disavowed Theosophy and dissolved the worldwide organization (the Order of the Star in the East) established to support it. He resigned from the various trusts and other organizations which were affiliated with Order of the Star, and the Theosophical Society. He returned the monies and properties donated to the Order, among them a castle in the Netherlands and of land, to their donors.

From then on he claimed allegiance to no nationality, caste, religion, or philosophy. He spent the rest of his life travelling the world, speaking to large and small groups and individuals. He authored many books, among them "The First and Last Freedom", "The Only Revolution", and "Krishnamurti's Notebook". Many of his talks and discussions have been published.

Krishnamurti did not accept followers nor worshippers. He thought the relationship between disciple and guru encouraged dependency and exploitation. He accepted gifts and financial support freely offered to him by people inspired by his work, and continued with lecture tours and the publication of books and talk transcripts for more than half a century.

He constantly urged people to think independently, and he invited them to explore and discuss specific topics together with him. His subject matter included: psychological revolution, the nature of mind, meditation, inquiry, human relationships, and bringing about change in society. He stressed the need for a revolution in the psyche of every human being and emphasized that such revolution cannot be brought about by any external entity, be it religious, political, or social.

His supporters, working through non-profit foundations in India, Great Britain and the United States, oversee several independent schools based on his views on education. They continue to transcribe and distribute his thousands of talks, group and individual discussions, and writings by use of a variety of media formats and languages.

XYZ Affair

France was taking American ships in 1797. President John Adams wanted to avoid a war with France, so he sent officials to France to discuss the rights of neutral nations. However, Charles Maurice de Talleyrand, the French foreign minister, sent three secret agents who insisted that America give a loan to France and pay a bribe. President Adams refused the offer that France gave. When he told the public in 1798, he addressed the Frenchmen as X, Y, and Z, hence the name of this affair. People hated the XYZ Affair, saying, “Millions for defense, but not one cent for tribute!” America soon quickly declined France’s offer. John Adams decided to start preparing for unofficial war, but not declaring war so as to keep peace.

Craig Defoy

Craig Defoy (born 27 March 1947) is a Welsh professional golfer. Defoy played on the European Tour. He did not win but had three second-place finishes.

Deep Space Network

The Deep Space Network (or DSN) is NASA's group of large antennae at three stations around world. They are at Madrid, California, and Canberra, about 120 degrees apart around the Earth. They communicate with satellites and probes in space. The antennas are also used as radio telescopes to learn about stars and other natural things in space.

The DSN is NASA’s international array of giant radio antennas. It supports interplanetary spacecraft missions, plus a few that orbit Earth. It also provides radar and radio astronomy observations that improve the understanding of the solar system and the larger universe.

According to NASA, "The antennas of the Deep Space Network are the indispensable link to explorers venturing beyond Earth. They provide the crucial connection for commanding our spacecraft and receiving their never-before-seen images and scientific information on Earth, propelling our understanding of the universe, our solar system and ultimately, our place within it."

The placement of these sites allow communication with spacecraft as our planet rotates. Before a distant spacecraft sinks below the horizon at one DSN site, another site can pick up the signal and carry on communicating. All three sites have at least four antennae stations. Each are equipped with large parabolic dish antennas and ultra-sensitive receiving systems. They can detect incredibly faint radio signals from distant spacecraft.

Edwin M. Stanton

Edwin McMasters Stanton (December 19, 1814 – December 24, 1869) was an American lawyer and politician. He was the United States Secretary of War under Abraham Lincoln administration during most of the American Civil War. Stanton's effective management helped organize the massive military resources of the North and guide the Union to victory under the command by Ulysses S. Grant.

Stanton was born in Steubenville, Ohio, the eldest of four children to David and Lucy Norman Stanton. Throughout his childhood and adult life Stanton suffered from asthma. Stanton studied at Kenyon College. He was also from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

He was married to Mary Lamson from 1836 until her death in 1844. They had two children; Lucy Lamson and Edwin Lamson. Then he was married to Ellen Hutchinson. His brother David committed suicide in 1846. Stanton died on December 24, 1869 in Washington, D.C. from respiratory failure, aged 55.


Samuel J. Tilden

Samuel Jones Tilden (February 19, 1814 – August 14, 1886) was the Democratic candidate for the U.S. presidency in the United States from which he lost to Rutherford B. Hayes in one of the most contentious and violent American elections in the 18th century. Tilden was also Governor of New York from January 1, 1875 through December 32, 1845. 

Tilden was born on February 19, 1814 in New Lebanon, New York. He studied at Yale University and at the University of New York. Tilden was never married and had no children. Tilden died on August 4, 1886 in Yonkers, New York from natural causes, aged 72. Tilden's gravestone has the phrase "I still trust the people" on it.


Horatio Seymour

Horatio Seymour (May 31, 1810 – February 12, 1886) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the 18th Governor of New York from 1853 to 1854 and from 1863 to 1864. He was the Democratic Party nominee for president of the United States in the presidential election of 1868, but lost the election to Republican and former Union General of the Union Army Ulysses S. Grant.

Seymour was born in Pompey Hill, New York on May 31, 1810. He studied at Geneva College. He was married to Mary Bleecker. They had no children. Seymour died on February 12, 1886 from an illness, aged 75. His wife, Mary Bleecker died a month later also from an illness.


Stephen A. Douglas

Stephen Arnold Douglas (April 23, 1813 – June 3, 1861) was an American politician from Illinois. He was a U.S. Representative, a U.S. Senator, and the Democratic Party nominee for President in the 1860 election, losing to Republican Abraham Lincoln.

Douglas had previously defeated Lincoln in a Senate contest, noted for the famous Lincoln-Douglas debates of 1858. He was nicknamed the "Little Giant" because though short in physical stature, he was a forceful and even dominant figure in politics.

Douglas was born on April 23, 1813 in Brandon, Vermont. He was raised in Jacksonville, Illinois. He was married to Martha Martin from 1847 until her death in 1853. They had three children. Then he was married to Adele Cutts from 1856 until his death in 1861. They had one child. Douglas died from pneumonia caused by Typhoid fever in Chicago, Illinois on June 3, 1861, aged 48.


Surtur (Marvel Comics)

Surtur is a fictional character that appears in comic books by Marvel Comics. The character is based on the giant Surtr from Norse mythology.

Phaistos disc

The Phaistos disc is a bronze age artifact. The disc is about in diameter and is made of clay. It is covered with many symbols. It is from the civilization of Minoa on the Greek island of Crete, possibly from the 2nd millennium BC. 

The symbols cover both sides of the disc. They show everyday things. They were stamped onto the disc, pressed into the clay when it was still soft. They run in a spiral. This disc is the first known "printed" work in history; in the sense that there was a re-usable set of characters and drawings. It is the only artefact of its kind. Many questions have been asked about the disc, about its purpose, and if the signs shown actually represent writing.

In total, there are 242 tokens on the disc, taken from a set of 45 unique signs. There are arranged in 61 groups, separated by lines. Groups are between two and seven stamps long. Because the "text" is very short, and the disc is unique, it is likely that it will not be deciphered. 

Chris Pratt

Christopher Michael Pratt (born June 21, 1979) is an American actor. He is known for his television roles as Harold Brighton "Bright" Abbott in the series "Everwood," Ché in "The O.C." (2003), and Andy Dwyer and "Parks and Recreation" (2009), a role which garnered him a Critics' Choice nomination for Best Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series in 2013. He also was the voice of Emmet in the 2014 animated film "The Lego Movie" and "" (2019).

In recent years, Pratt is known for his role as Owen in the "Jurassic Park" movie series beginning in the 2015 movie "Jurassic World," in "" (2018), and in Jurassic World Dominion (2022).

Pratt was born in Virginia, Minnesota on June 21, 1979. He was raised in Lake Stevens, Washington. He married Anna Faris in 2009. Their son, Jack Pratt, was born August 25, 2012. In 2017, Pratt and Faris legally separated and divorced in 2018. He later married author Katherine Schwarzenegger in 2019. They have two daughters.

Rosario Couture

Joseph Albert Rosario "Rosie, Lolo" Couture (July 24, 1905 – March 1, 1986) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player that played 8 seasons in the NHL; 7 seasons for the Chicago Black Hawks and 1 season for the Montreal Canadiens.

Couture won the Stanley Cup with the Black Hawks in 1934. Couture along with Leroy Goldsworthy were given the task of helping identify the body of their Black Hawks teammate Jack Leswick when Leswicks body was pulled out of the Assiniboine River in August of 1934. 


Affordable Care Act

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was a bill in the United States. It was signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 23, 2010. It is also known as Obamacare. The law addresses health insurance coverage, health care costs, and preventive care. The law was enacted in two parts: The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was signed into law on March 23, 2010 and was amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act on March 30, 2010.

Individuals who have low or no income, or their household meets a certain income threshold, they may qualify for a government subsidy to help them afford the insurance needed to cover rehab. Subsidies offered through the ACA include the premium tax credit and the cost-sharing subsidy.

There are many parts to the health care law.

There is now no limit on how long a person can get health care from a company. If an insurance company wants to make people pay more for their coverage, they have to give an explanation of their decision to the public. The amount that a person pays for health care, called an insurance premium, must now be used by the insurance companies only for health care. This money cannot be used for other things, like paying workers.

Health care that goes to preventing sickness is now free for many people. This is called preventive care. Health care plans now give people more choices for doctors. People can also get emergency health care at hospitals that are not covered by their health insurance.

Because of this law, children can use the health insurance of their parents until they are 26 years old. Children under 19 years old have to be given good health insurance by insurance companies, even if they are very sick before they purchase health insurance. This means that health insurance companies cannot limit coverage to only healthy children.

People who do not have health insurance will have to pay a tax until they get health insurance. This part of the act is called the individual mandate. The Supreme Court of the United States decided that the government has a right to give this tax under the United States Constitution. The amount that people will have to pay if they do not have health insurance will increase every year until 2016. Some people without health insurance will not have to pay this tax, such as poor people who cannot get insurance for free.

In 2015, companies that have more than 50 full-time workers will be responsible for giving these workers health insurance. Companies who have fewer than 50 workers will not have to do this. A full-time worker is a person who works for more than 30 hours a week at one job.

If you do not have health insurance, then you can purchase insurance on the Health Insurance Marketplace. You can also purchase insurance on the marketplace if the company that you work for gives you insurance and you are not happy with it. People can use the Health Insurance Marketplace to buy insurance on the website Healthcare.gov. If people want health insurance by January 1st, 2014, they have to register for the insurance on this market by December 15th, 2013. If they register after December 15th and they do not get health insurance by January 1st, then they will probably have to pay the tax from the individual mandate. There are ways to contact someone who works for the government if you have problems registering for health insurance on this market.

Each health insurance on this market has to pay for a person’s prescription medicine, emergency health care, maternity care, mental health care, rehabilitation, and many other things. Maternity care is given to pregnant women to take care of their children.

Medicaid is health insurance given to people with low income that is paid by the states and the federal government. Medicaid will be expanded so that more people can use it. States can choose if they want to expand Medicaid. If they choose to do this, then the federal government will pay for the majority of the cost of Medicaid.

People were worried that companies would not hire new workers or would make people work for less than 30 hours in one week so that they would not have to pay for health insurance. There have been some stories of companies doing this, but there are no statistics to support it.

There are 27 states that are not happy with the Medicaid expansion. The Supreme Court of the United States decided that these states do not have to expand Medicaid, even if the federal government wants them to.

In October 2013, the government stopped working for 16 days because Republicans refused to raise the debt ceiling unless President Obama agreed to repeal the Affordable Care Act. They led to the shutdown of the government. Over 800,000 people who work for the government were not paid during this time and the government had to pay them back after the shutdown ended.

In August 2009, Sarah Palin, a person who used to be a candidate for vice president, said to the news that the Affordable Care Act would create death panels. She said that these death panels would be a group of people who would decide whether or not an older person was to receive health care or whether they should die. Many news companies and people who do research have shown that what she said is not true.

On May 4, 2017, the American Health Care Act of 2017 (AHCA) was passed narrowly by the United States House of Representatives with a vote of 217 to 213, sending the bill to the Senate for voting This is the second time the AHCA was voted in the House as the first version was not approved by the House in March 2017. President Donald Trump supported the passage of the AHCA and supports the idea of replacing and removing Obamacare.



National Assembly (Benin)

The National Assembly is Benin's legislative body. It is unicameral, meaning there is only one legislative body.

In 2012 the National Assembly has 83 members. Members are directly elected through a system of party-list proportional representation. They serve five-year terms. 

Robert Osborne

Robert Jolin Osborne Jr. (May 3, 1932 – March 6, 2017) was an American movie, stage, voice, television actor and movie historian who was known for hosting the Turner Classic Movies channel from the 1990s until his retirement in early 2016.

Osborne was born on May 3, 1932 in Colfax, Washington. He was raised in Whitman County, Washington. He studied at the University of Washington. Osborne was gay. His life partner was David Staller from 1996 until his death in 2017.

Osborne died in New York City, New York on March 6, 2017 from complications of kidney failure, aged 84.


Angélique Kidjo

Angélique Kpasseloko Hinto Hounsinou Kandjo Manta Zogbin Kidjo, commonly known as Angélique Kidjo, is a Beninoise singer-songwriter and activist. She is noted for her diverse musical influences and creative music videos. 

"Time Magazine" called her "Africa's premier diva". "The Guardian" listed her as one of their Top 100 Most Inspiring Women in the World. She was the first woman to be listed on "The 40 Most Powerful Celebrities In Africa" by "Forbes Magazine". 



Dhobi Ghat

Dhobi Ghat or Dhoby Ghaut is a word used in various parts of South Asia. It means a place where the traditional "dhobi" caste of washermen and women go to wash clothes. The word usually means a place near a river or stream, in India, Pakistan and Bangladesh, but a "Dhobi Ghat" doesn't necessarily have to be near a source of natural water. 

The world's largest "Dhobi Ghat" is said to be in Mumbai, India. It figured in the famous "Dhobi Ghat" (2010).

Djimon Hounsou

Djimon Gaston Hounsou (born April 24, 1964) is a Beninese-American actor and model. As an actor, Hounsou has been nominated for two Academy Awards.

In 1987, he became a model and started a career in Paris. He moved to the United States in 1990.

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe he plays the role of Korath the Pursuer in "Guardians of the Galaxy" (2014) and in "Captain Marvel" (2019). Also, in the DC Extended Universe, he played the role of the Fisherman King in "Aquaman" (2018), and the wizard Shazam in "Shazam!" (2019).

Wally Badarou

Wally Badarou (born Waliou Jacques Daniel Isheola Badarou, 22 March 1955, Paris, France) is a musician from Benin. Badarou played with the British band Level 42.

Badarou helped organise the Kora All Africa Music Awards in 1997. He co-wrote and produced "So Why", a charity album for the ICRC.




Gnonnas Pedro

Gnonnan Sossou Pierre Kouassivi, known by the stage name Gnonnas Pedro was a singer and musician from Lokossa, Benin. He is best known as the lead singer of Africando between 1995 and his death in 2004.

Gnonnas Pedro died August 12, 2004, age 61 of prostate cancer in a hospital of Cotonou, Benin.



Zam Zama

Zam Zama or Zam-zammah also often called the 'terror of Northern India' is an old cannon. It is made of brass and was made in Lahore (now in Pakistan) in 1762, on the orders of the Afghan king. Ahmad Shah Durrani. It was of great size back then, and had tremendous fire-power, and all armies opposing the Afghans were terrified of it in the region. 
The cannon was later damaged in a military campaign and sank to the bottom of the Chenab River from where it was recovered and captured by the victorious Sikh "Khalsa" forces of Maharaja Ranjit Singh. After that, the Punjab region fell under Sikh rule, giving birth to the superstition that 'whoever holds Zam Zama holds the Punjab'.

The cannon was later taken to Delhi but brought back to Lahore in 1870 and installed outside the old Lahore Museum and then later on shifted outside the present museum building in the 1890s, opposite to the old campus of the University of the Punjab. It was later restored and cleaned up in the 1990s.

During the period of British India, Zam Zama achieved special fame when the writer Rudyard Kipling mentioned in the opening pages of "Kim (book)", published in 1901.

Lahore Museum

The Lahore Museum or Ajaib Ghar (Urdu: Wonder House) is a museum in the city of Lahore, Pakistan. It is the largest and best museum in the country.

The original old Lahore Museum was made during British Indian times in the 1860s, in what had been the old 'Punjab Exhibition Hall' and the famous gun Zam Zama was installed outside it in 1870. This old museum, along with the Punjab School of Arts (later the Mayo College of Arts) was looked after by John Lockwood Kipling (1837-1911) father of the writer Rudyard Kipling, who mentioned the museum and Zam Zama in his "Kim (book)" (1901). In 1894, the museum's new building was completed and it moved there the same year, right opposite the old campus of the University of the Punjab, on the Mall.

The Lahore Museum is set in its beautiful grounds and has one of the best collections of arts and artifacts in its galleries in South Asia. Especially notable are: 




Don't Break the Oath

Don't Break the Oath is the second studio album by Mercyful Fate, a heavy metal band from Denmark. Some people who make music and people who talk about music think it is one of the best heavy metal albums ever.

In the 1980s, there were a lot of bands in Europe playing heavy metal. Many of them were playing music like bands from the United Kingdom, in a way that was called the New Wave of British Heavy Metal (or NWOBHM for short). There were a lot of hard rock bands, too, and there were a lot of things hard rock bands and NWOBHM bands both did. Mercyful Fate was one of the first few NWOBHM bands to be different from hard rock bands on purpose.

King Diamond, the singer and leader of Mercyful Fate, painted his face with upside-down crosses and wrote lyrics about Satan, Hell, and things like that. Hank Shermann, the band's guitarist, played very fast and with a lot of guitar solos to help make the band sound evil. Mercyful Fate had already started to do these things in 1983 with their last album, "Melissa".

Hank Shermann and Michael Denner wrote the songs in a way that fit well with King Diamond's singing. Like on "Melissa", King Diamond sang in a high-pitched way that was different from other heavy metal singers.

All of the ideas in all of the songs are evil. They talk about things like bringing back people from the dead, casting black magic, and witches and demons. Worshipping Satan is a special subject, and is talked about on almost every song.



Didier Demazière

Didier Demazière is a French sociologist specialized in the study of unemployment. He is senior researcher at French National Center for Scientific Research (Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, CNRS).


Legal clinic

A legal clinic or law clinic is a place where people get legal help. They are non-profit organizations. Clinics can be found in many countries.

When legal clinics were first started, they were a way for law students to get practical experience. Many legal clinics offer pro bono work. 

Abdur Rahman Chughtai

A.R. Chughtai or in full Abdur Rahman Chughtai (1897-1975) was a Pakistani artist and painter. He was well known for his unique style of painting deeply influenced by the miniature paintings of the Mughal Empire. 

Ustad Allah Bux

Ustad Allah Baksh (1895-1978; ) was a very well known early modern artist and painter of Pakistan. He is best known today for his depictions of rural life in the country and for subjects from Hindu and Persian mythology.Whenever Pakistan's folk culture and life will be talked about, the name of Ustad (ustad means a maestro) Allah Baksh will stand out prominently. He was the man who immortalized our rural life, and specially of the Punjab – the land where he was born in 1885 in the small town of Wazirabad, Punjab. His very near-to-life life-size paintings are full of colour, life and people that forces an onlooker to stop in his tracks and appreciate his masterly work of art. He died in October 1978. His grave can be found at Muslim Town graveyard, Lahore.

Ustad Allah Bakhsh was lucky to have found Master Abdullah, a great maestro of his own time and a master of miniature art. He started learning from his ustad at the age of five and by the age of fourteen he had become an artist of his own style. He also learnt the art of painting from Master Meeran Bakhsh Naqash, a known teacher and painter and was also the Vice Principal of the Mayo School of Arts, now the National College of Arts Lahore.

His art treasure has been preserved in the National art gallery is an exclusive corner attributed to one of the great master painters of Pakistan and Indo-Pak subcontinent. Besides, his studio where he used to spend most of his time has been converted into an academy "Allah Bux Academy" which is now serving as a learning ground for those who wants to excel in this great master's style.

Henna

Henna, also known as mehandi or mendhi is a flowering plant. It has been used since ancient times to dye skin, hair, fingernails, leather, cotton, wool and other fabrics. The name is also used for the dye or color preparation derived from the plant, and for the art of making temporary tattoos or designs from these dyes. These henna tattoos are often used in wedding ceremonies. 

In addition, the name is also sometimes used, wrongly, for other chemical preparations and dyes that are in fact not made from this plant. 

The English name "henna" comes from the Arabic (or colloquially , loosely pronounced /ħinna/). The natural dye is still mostly used in Arabia, the Middle East, India, and Pakistan.

List of New England Patriots players

This is a list of New England Patriots players.


People of the Dominican Republic

Dominicans () are inhabitants or citizens of the Dominican Republic. The Dominican Republic is a multi-ethnic country in the Caribbean basin which is home to people of many different racial, ethnic, national and cultural backgrounds which has often become a great pride for many Dominicans.

It is estimated that some 894,000 enslaved Africans were brought to Dominican Republic between 1717 and 1870 (and more before 1717). The slaves came from various West African regions, but the majority came from primarily the Congo region (present-day Angola, Congo, Gabon, and Cameroon) and the gold coast/Guinean (present-day Ghana and Guinea).

In addition, many immigrants arrived from other places around the world. After the last smuggled slave ship that arrived in 1898, many Chinese people came to the island due to the Chinese Revolution, along with the Arabs of North Africa (Morocco or Algeria) and Indians. Immigration from Europe, most notably Spaniards, Italians and Germans occurred during the later parts of the nineteenth century into the beginning of the twentieth century, mostly settling in Santo Domingo and in rural areas in the Cibao valley alike. During World War II, the Dominican Republic became the only nation to take in Jewish refugees by orders from then president Rafael Leonidas Trujillo. Nearly 800 German and Austrian Jews settled in the town of Sosua, Puerto Plata.

Today, much of the contemporary Dominican population is largely Black and Mulatto. The Dominican Republic itself is 45% Mulatto, 40% Black, and 15% White. Studies have indicated that up to 15% of all Dominicans carry maternal Taino-Arawak lineage, figures which are higher in rural areas. Other studies often indicate that the average Dominican is 60% African , 35% European (Mostly Spanish) and 5% Taino-Arawak, but these figures also vary by region as the purest Blacks is lives mostly in the Coastal lowland regions of the country.

Bodo nationalism

Bodo nationalism is an ideology that supports self-determination for the Bodo people. The Bodo people are said to be persecuted and discriminated against by Muslim groups in the Indian state of Assam.

Somme River

The Somme is a river in the north of France, in the Hauts-de-France region, and gives its name to the department called Somme.

The name of the river is of Celtic origins, and refers to the tranquility of the river over much of its course. The river is known for the Battle of the Somme, which was an important battle of the First World War.

The Somme river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

The source of the Somme is in the Fonsomme "commune" (Aisne), at an altitude of about .

The Somme passes through the departments and cities of:

The Somme river flows through 49 "communes".

Finally, it flows into the English Channel near Saint-Valery-sur-Somme.


Different archeological finds have been discovered in its valley: The Acheulean culture is named after Saint-Acheul, a suburb of Amiens. Hand axes from the Palaeolithic period were found there, and gave this name to the respective period.



United National Liberation Front

The United National Liberation Front (UNLF) is an insurgent group in the state of Manipur in the North east of the Republic of India. The UNLF wants to make Manipur an independent Socialist state.

Ghost Dance

Ghost Dance was a new religious movement among Native Americans. It was active from about 1860 to about 1890. These people had been forced to change their ways of life, and had lost much of their culture and identity. The Ghost Dance promised them that if they performed the "Dance" and lived the right way, they could re-unite the living and the dead, they would again be given most of the things they had lost to the whites, and the people who had caused such misery would be driven away from their land. There were also real dance rituals that they did to represent their spiritual path.

There was a lot of activity twice: the first time around 1860, and the second time around 1890. Around 1860, a Native American (Paiute) called "Wodziwob" had a vision. He saw that the white people would be driven away, and the people would be reunited with their ancestors' spirits, called "ghosts". He was also told how to do the dance ritual. The movement spread rapidly. Each tribe added its own elements into the Ghost Dance. The first phase ended around 1872, because it did not have success, and Wodzivob said that he was possibly wrong.

The second wave started about twenty years later. A man called Wovoka who worked at an LDS Mormon ranch started it. He was influenced by the new faith, and by some of its ideas, such as sending apostles to spread the faith. This movement spread wider, and was again adapted to each tribe's culture. The Lakota also adopted the idea of a messiah. The Lakota lived on a reservation, and the local authorities saw this as threat, when they saw 25,000 natives dance. This led to the Wounded Knee Massacre in 1890, where many Natives were killed.

Wovoka wrote a letter in 1892 to the other tribes telling them that Jesus had just returned to earth that year, and that if they lived upright lives, they would be getting their lands and culture again some day, and the dead would live. He stayed out of public sight for the rest of his life after giving this message, and lived until the 1930s.

Suiko period

The Suiko period was an era of 25 years during the Asuka period of Japanese history. This period overlaps all but 7 years of Empress Suiko's reign (604-628) or it is used as a synonym for her reign (593-628).

The adoption of the sexegenary cycle calendar ("Jikkan Jūnishi") was a significant event in the reign of Empress Suiko. This pre-dates the system of which was started in 645.





Ballast tamper

A ballast tamper is a machine used to make railway tracks level. It is like the railway version of a road roller but instead of only squashing the high parts, it also lifts the track out of dips. Before tamping machines were made, tamping was done by lots of people with shovels. The machines make tamping quicker and the track is more level than if tamping is done by hand. Also, some new tracks and sleepers are too heavy to be lifted by hand, so a tamper has to be used.

New tampers can also move the track from side to side to make it smoother.

WFMU

WFMU is a listener-supported, radio station based in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States. It uses a freeform radio program format. This means each personality or disc jockey who goes on the air, gets to decide what music to play. WFMU is the longest-running freeform radio station in the U.S.

Official Homepage The official site of "WFMU".

Christiana Guinle

Christiana Guinle is a Brazilian producer and actress of stage, movies and television. She graduated from the Royal Shakespeare Company.





Jackie Earle Haley

Jack "Jackie" Earle Haley (born July 14, 1961) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles in "Little Children", "Nightmare on Elm Street", "Watchmen", "Human Target", "Dark Shadows", "Lincoln", "London Has Fallen" and "".

Haley was born on July 14, 1961 in Northridge, California. He was married three times, both ended in divorce. He was married to Amelia Cruz since 2004. He has a son, Christopher, and a daughter, Olivia.


River Phoenix

River Jude Phoenix (August 23, 1970 – October 31, 1993) was an American movie, television, stage, voice actor, musician, and activist who is known for his roles in "The Thing Called Love", "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade", "Dark Blood", "My Own Private Idaho", "I Love You To Death" and in "Stand by Me". His brother was actor Joaquin Phoenix.

Phoenix was born on August 23, 1970 in Madras, Oregon to Arlyn Sharon Dunetz and to John Lee Botton. He was the oldest of five. Phoenix never married and had no children. Phoenix died on October 31, 1993 in West Hollywood, California from a drug overdose and heart failure, aged 23.


Alan Cumming

Alan Cumming OBE (born 27 January 1965) is a Scottish actor who is known for his roles in "The Smurfs", "Spy Kids", "Son of the Mask", and in "X2". He won an Drama Desk Award and an Tony Award.

Cumming was born on 27 January 1965 in Aberfeldy, Perthshire, Scotland. He studied at Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. Cumming is openly bisexual. He was married to Hilary Lyon from 1985 until they divorced in 1993. He had been in a civil partnership with Grant Shaffer since 2007. Cumming gained American citizenship in 2008; he has been a dual British-American citizen since then.


Tent pegging

Tent pegging (sometimes spelled 'tentpegging' or 'tent-pegging') is a cavalry or equestrian sport of ancient origin.
In the specific sport of tent pegging a mounted horseman, or at times a team of horsemen, rides at a gallop and uses a sword or a lance to pierce, pick up and carry away a small ground target (a symbolic tent peg) or a series of such small ground targets.

The origins of tent pegging are ambiguous and subject to some controversy. Some historians and other scholars believe it originated in Arabia, others believe that it might have evolved in Central Asia, while others still believe in its Indian origins. It is believed that people have practised the game of tent pegging since at least the 4th century BC, and over the ages Middle Eastern, Asian and later European empires popularized the game around the world.

The term "tent pegging", however, historically emerged from the attacks by Arabian Muslim cavaliers on enemy camps at dawn or late night, where they would gallop to their tents and pluck out the pegs of their tents, so that these would collapse on them, thus causing havoc and terror in the camp. Several old medieval Arab books give descriptions of such tactics.

Today, tent pegging is practised around the world, but is especially popular in Australia, Pakistan, India, Israel, Oman, the United Arab Emirates, South Africa, Canada and the United Kingdom. The Olympic Council of Asia included tent pegging as an official sport in 1982, and the International Federation for Equestrian Sports recognised it as an official equestrian discipline in 2004.

However, it is important to recognize the difference between tent pegging as an 'international sport' and the local, rural version of the sport played by the traditional tribal peoples such as the Bedu in the Middle East and Oman, the "Desi" horsemen of Pakistani and Indian Punjab and so on. The former is a milder sport, whereas the latter is a fiercer and more commanding contest.

Sadequain

Syed Sadequain Ahmed Naqvi (1930-1987) also referred to as Sadequain Naqqash or simply Sadequain, was a famous Pakistani artist. He is best known for his skills as a calligrapher and a painter.

Leavenworth, Kansas

Leavenworth is a city in the state of Kansas in the United States. It is the county seat of Leavenworth County. It is also the biggest city in the county. Leavenworth is about northwest of Kansas City, Missouri. It is part of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. There were 37,351 people living in Leavenworth in 2020.

The city of Leavenworth was started in 1854. It was the first incoporated city in Kansas. The city is south of Forth Leavenworth. The fort is the oldest active Army post west of the Mississippi River. Fort Leavenworth was started in 1827 by Colonel Henry Leavenworth. At first, the fort was outside of the city. On April 12, 1977, the city took over the fort and it became part of the city.

There are many jails, prisons, and detention centers in Leavenworth. The most famous prison is the Leavenworth federal prison. The United States military also has a maximum security prison in Leavenworth. This prison is called the United States Disciplinary Barracks. The Kansas State Penitentiary and the state medium security prison are also close to the city.

One of the famous people who was in Leavenworth prison was Ricardo Flores Magon. Flores Magon was an anarchist from Mexico. (An "anarchist" is someone who thinks that there should be no government.) He was an important person during the Mexican Revolution (1910). He died in Leavenworth prison in 1922. Some people think that the guards killed him. Other people think he died of natural causes.

There are some vaults underneath the city. These are big rooms underground. The vaults were found very recently. Historians (people who study history) think that the vaults were used for slaves, fugitives (people hiding from the law), or commerce (buying and selling things.)

The University of Saint Mary is in Leavenworth. The University is run by the Sisters of Charity.

The coordinates for Leavenworth are (39.3111112, -94.9224637). The city is above sea level. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . It covers of land and of water.

Leavenworth is on the west bank (side) of the Missouri River. It is in the Dissected Till Plains region of the Central Lowlands of North America. Four tributaries of the Missouri River go through the city. These tributaries are Quarry Creek, Corral Creek, Three Mile Creek, and Five Mile Creek.

Leavenworth is in the northeastern part of Kansas. U.S. Route 73 and Kansas Highway 92 (K-92) intersect (cross) at the city. It is about northwest of Kansas City, Missouri. Omaha, Nebraska is to the northeast. Wichita, Kansas is to the southwest.
The north half of the city is Fort Leavenworth. Both Leavenworth city and Leavenworth County are a part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. To the south of Leavenworth is another city: Lansing, Kansas.

Leavenworth is in a part of North America where the climate (weather) changes from humid subtropical (Köppen "Cfa") to humid continental (Köppen "Dfa"). The summer is hot and humid. The winter is cold and dry. The average temperature for the whole year is .

The average low temperature in the winter is in January. The average high temperature is in July. Usually the temperature only gets hotter than on 43 days every year. The temperature gets hotter than about four days ever year. The low temperature goes below freezing () for 107 days every year. The first frost usually happens in October. The last frost usually happens by April.

Every year, there are about 89.7 days of precipitation. (Precipitation is any kind of water falling from the sky. Snow, hail, and rain are kinds of precipitation.) The city usually gets about of precipitation. It also gets about of snow every year. It usually snows for eight days every year.

The coldest month of the year is usually January. The hottest month is usually July. The most rain usually falls in June. The hottest temperature ever recorded was in 1954. The coldest temperature ever recorded was in 1989.

The 2020 census found there were 37,351 people, 13,143 households, and 8,369 families living in Leavenworth. The population density was 1,540.7 people per square mile (594.9/km²). Of the households, 47.9% owned their home and 52.1% rented their home.

The people living in Leavenworth were 71.0% White, 13.8% African-American, 1.1% Native American, 1.8% Asian American, 0.3% Pacific Islander, 2.0% from other races, and 10.0% from more than one race.

The median age was 35.4 years.

The 2010 United States Census found there were 35,251 people living in Leavenworth. They made up 12,256 households and 8,129 families. The population density was 1,466.2 people per square mile (566.1/km²). The people living in Leavenworth were 75.4% white, 15.1% African-American, 0.9% Native American, 1.8% Asian American, 0.2% Pacific Islander, 2.0% from other races, and 4.6% from more than one race.

From the middle to late 19th century (1850-1900), there were many Jewish people in Leavenworth. It was one of the biggest Jewish communities in all of Kansas. By 1870, there were many Orthodox congregations in Leavenworth.

Leavenworth has two sister cities:


Arkalochori Axe

The Arkalochori Axe is a bronze double axe, probably from the 17th century BC. The axe was found in a cave on Crete, in 1934. Other items were also found together with the axe. Possibly, there was an earthquake which rendered the cave inaccessible, at the end of the period SM I. The axe was probably used for a reliious ritual. The axe is inscribed with fifteen symbols. It has been suggested that these might be Linear A but Professor Glanville Price agrees with Louis Godart that "the characters on the axe are no more than a 'pseudo-inscription' engraved by an illiterate in uncomprehending imitation of authentic Linear A characters on other similar axes." The axe and the Phaistos Disc are conserved in the Iraklion Archaeological Museum.

The cave where the axe was found was used from about 2500 BC onwards. In 1912, 53 bronze swords, and 19 double axes were found there; one of the axes is made of silver. Such axes often appear on items which have been attributed to the Minoan or Mycenean culture. One example is the Hagia Triada sarcophagus, which has been dated to the 14th century BC.

When the cave was searched again in 1934, a bigger double axe, made of bronze was found. This axe is about 30 centimetres wide. It is special because it bears an inscription. The symbols on the axe are aligned in three columns. These characters have been compared to both Linear A and the stamps on the Phaistos disc. As of 2012, the writing is unreadable.

Together with this axe, hundreds of long swords, knives and double axes were found in the cave. Most of these were given as offerings, but some are usable. There are 25 small double axes made of gold and seven made of silver. Among the axes found, there are a golden axe, and one made of sivler; either axe is only about 5 cm wide. Both axes (ref "AR Zf 1" and "AR Zf 2") bear the same inscription of a word in Linear A:

This has been phonetically transcribed as "I-DA-MA-TE". This transcription resembles the name of the goddess Demeter. The four symbols in Linear A also resemble symbols on the bigger bronze axe. The findings indicate that there probably was a temple to a deity linked to military activity in the cave.

Of the fifteen signs, two appear to be unique. The suggestions for comparison with Linear A and Phaistos Disc glyphs are due to Torsten Timm (2004).

Reading right to left, top to bottom, the symbols are as follows.

National College of Arts

The National College of Arts in Lahore, Pakistan is usually referred to by its acronym NCA. It is the oldest fine arts training institute in the country and one of the oldest and best in all of Asia. 

The NCA has a rich historical tradition dating back to the days of the British Raj. During the 1860s, it was established in Lahore, in the Punjab region, as the 'Punjab School of Arts' and was then renamed the 'Mayo School of Arts, Lahore', after Lord Mayo, a Viceroy of India. In the 1890s, it moved to its present location next to the Lahore Museum and became the 'Mayo College of Arts' and after Partition and Independence of Pakistan in 1947, it was formally designated as the 'National College of Arts'. 

The old Mayo School and College had the unique distinction of having as its first principal and head, Mr John Lockwood Kipling, father of the writer Rudyard Kipling, who was also Curator of the Lahore Museum simultaneously. 

John Lockwood Kipling

John Lockwood Kipling (6 July 1837 – 26 January 1911) was an English art teacher, illustrator, and museum curator, who spent most of his career in British India. He was the father of the famous writer Rudyard Kipling. Most of the original illustrations for Rudyard's renowned "Kim (book)" (1901) were made by John Lockwood.

Yasuhito, Prince Chichibu

Prince Chichibu (Chichibu-no-miya Yasuhito Shinnō) (25 June 1902 – 4 January 1953), also known as Prince Yasuhito, was the second son of Emperor Taishō and a younger brother of the Emperor Shōwa. 

As a member of the Imperial House of Japan, he was the patron of various sporting, medical, and international exchange organizations. As an English-speaking prince he played a significant role in post-World War 2 Japan's reconstruction. However, he died tragically early due to Tuberculosis.

The Prince was married to the Princess Chichibu.

Setsuko, Princess Chichibu

Princess Chichibu (Yasuhito Shinnōhi Setsuko, née Setsuko Matsudaira) ( 9 September 1909 – 25 August 1995) was the wife of Prince Chichibu (Yasuhito) of Japan, the second son of Emperor Taishō and Empress Teimei. She was, therefore, a sister-in-law of Emperor Shōwa and an aunt of the present Emperor, Akihito. 

After her husband's death from Tuberculosis in 1953, Princess Chichibu became president of the Japanese Society for the Prevention of Tuberculosis, honorary president of the Britain-Japan Society, the Sweden-Japan Society, and an honorary vice president of the Japanese Red Cross. She also maintained close links with old friends active in similar social service ventures around the world. 

She died in August 1995 of heart failure.

Guelma

Guelma () is the capital of Guelma Province and Guelma District. It is in northeastern Algeria, about from the Mediterranean coast.

The town of Guelma was created in 1836; and the modern city was established in 1974.


Josef Fritzl

Josef Fritzl (born 9 April 1935) is an Austrian criminal who has been convicted in the Fritzl case. He held his daughter Elisabeth captive in a basement dungeon that he built under his house. Fritzl made his daughter write letters to him and her mother, saying she had joined a cult. During the 24 years that he had her imprisoned, Fritzl often raped his daughter, and she had seven children with him because of this. One of the baby boys died and Fritzl burned his body. The police eventually found out about his crimes when one of the children became very sick and he took her to the hospital. 

Fritzl was tried and convicted on several charges, and he was sentenced to life imprisonment in a facility for the mentally ill in March 2009. Fritzl could become eligible for release after fifteen years, but he is expected to be in prison until he dies. A forensic psychiatrist diagnosed him with a personality disorder and a .

Superiority bias

Superiority bias is when people think too much of themselves without good reason. They overrate their positive qualities and abilities, and underrate their negative qualities (relative to others). Other phrases for this are: illusory superiority, the above average effect, leniency error, sense of relative superiority, the "primus inter pares" effect, and the Lake Wobegon effect. This was named after Garrison Keillor's fictional town where "all the children are above average". 

Illusory superiority has been found in education (such as class performance, exams and overall intelligence), at work (for example in job performance), and in social settings (for example in estimating one's popularity, or the extent to which one possesses desirable personality traits, such as honesty or confidence), as well as everyday abilities requiring particular skill.

One problem is the ambiguity of the word "average". It is logically possible for nearly all of the set to be above the mean if the distribution of abilities is highly skewed. For example, the mean number of human legs is slightly lower than two, because of a small number of people have only one or no legs. Experiments usually compare subjects to the median of the peer group, since by definition it is impossible for a majority to exceed the median.

A second problem is that people interpret a question in different ways, so maybe most are better than the rest of the group "each on their own understanding". This interpretation is confirmed by experiments which varied the amount of interpretive freedom subjects were given. As people evaluate themselves on a specific, well-defined attribute, illusory superiority remains.

In Kruger and Dunning's experiments people were given specific tasks such as solving problems in logic, analyzing grammar questions, and deciding whether or not jokes were funny. They were asked to evaluate their performance on these tasks relative to the rest of the group. This gave a direct comparison of their actual and perceived performance.

Results were divided into four groups depending on actual performance and it was found that all four groups evaluated their performance as above average, meaning that the lowest-scoring group (the bottom 25%) showed a very large illusory superiority bias. The researchers attributed this to the fact that the people who were worst at performing the tasks were also worst at recognizing skill in those tasks. This was supported by the fact that, given training, the worst subjects improved their estimate of their rank as well as getting better at the tasks.

In a survey of faculty at the University of Nebraska, 68% rated themselves in the top 25% for teaching ability. In a similar survey, 87% of MBA students at Stanford University rated their academic performance as above the median.

Findings of illusory superiority in research have also explained phenomena such as the large amount of stock market trading (as each trader thinks they are the best, and most likely to succeed), and the number of lawsuits that go to trial (because, due to illusory superiority, many lawyers have an inflated belief that they will win a case).

In team science contexts, superiority bias has been mathematically modeled as a reluctance to adopt solutions used by others unless they are significantly better than one's current solution. This bias can increase the diversity of solutions within a team, potentially leading to higher-quality outcomes for complex problems, albeit with increased time and resource investment.

One of the first studies that found the effect of illusory superiority was carried out in 1976 by the College Board in the USA. A survey was attached to the SAT exams (taken by approximately one million students per year), asking the students to rate themselves relative to the median of the sample (rather than the average peer) on a number of vague positive characteristics. In ratings of leadership ability, 70% of the students put themselves above the median. In ability to get on well with others, 85% put themselves above the median, and 25% rated themselves in the top 1%.

Research also showed subjects rated friends higher than other peers. 

In Zuckerman and Jost's study, people were given detailed questionnaires about their friendships and asked to assess their own popularity. They showed that they generally had exaggerated perceptions of their own popularity, particularly in comparison to their own friends.

Researchers have also found the effects of illusory superiority in studies into relationship satisfaction. For example, one study found that people thought their own relationships were better than others' relationships on average. They also thought that most people were happy with their relationships. This study found evidence that the higher the participants rated their own relationship happiness, the more superior they believed their relationship was. 

In men, satisfaction was also related to the perception that one's own relationship was superior. Women's satisfaction was particularly related to the assumption that most others were happy with their relationship.

Illusory superiority effects have been found in a study of health behaviors. The study involved asking people to estimate how often they, and their peers, carried out healthy and unhealthy behaviors. They reported that they carried out healthy behaviors more often than the average peer, and unhealthy behaviors less often, as would be expected given the effect of illusory superiority. These findings were for both past self-report of behaviors and expected future behaviors.

Svenson (1981) surveyed 161 students in Sweden and the United States, asking them to compare their driving safety and skill to the other people in the experiment. For driving skill, 93% of the US sample and 69% of the Swedish sample put themselves in the top 50% (above the median). For safety, 88% of the US group and 77% of the Swedish sample put themselves in the top 50%.

McCormick, Walkey and Green (1986) found similar results in their study, asking 178 drivers to evaluate their position on eight different dimensions relating to driving skill (examples include the "dangerous-safe" dimension and the "considerate-inconsiderate" dimension). Only a small minority rated themselves as below average (the midpoint of the dimension scale) at any point, and when all eight dimensions were considered together it was found that almost 80% of participants had evaluated themselves as being above the average driver.

Subjects describe themselves in positive terms compared to other people, and this includes describing themselves as less susceptible to bias than other people. This effect is called the "bias blind spot".

OpenSolaris

OpenSolaris was an open source Unix operating system from Sun Microsystems. It was based on Sun's non-free Solaris operating system. The operating system was known for its ZFS file system. In 2010, Oracle Corporation bought Sun Microsystems and chose to stop making new versions of OpenSolaris. OpenSolaris was later forked into the illumos kernel and the OpenIndiana distribution.


Tyne Daly

Ellen Tyne Daly (born February 21, 1946) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actress who is known for her roles as Detective Mary Beth Lacey in "Cagney & Lacey" and as Maxine Gray in "Judging Amy". She has won six Emmy Awards, an Tony Award, and an Drama Desk Award.

Daly was born on February 21, 1946 in Madison, Wisconsin. She studied at Brandeis University and at the American Musical and Dramatic Academy. She was married to Georg Stanford Brown from 1966 until they divorced in 1990. They had three children. Her brother is actor Tim Daly; her father was actor James Daly.


Azerbaijan State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre

The Akhundov Azerbaijan State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre (Azeri: "Axundov adına Azərbaycan Dövlət Akademik Opera və Balet Teatrı") is an opera house in Baku, Azerbaijan. It is used for opera performances and ballet performances. The building was built in 1911 and is in the Art Nouveau style. It is in the center of Baku. It was opened as an opera house in 1920, and in 1927 the opera house was named after the Azerbaijani writer Mirza Fatali Akhundov. The opera house has 600 seats. The opera house was renovated in 1985 but burned just after all the restoratory works were finished. In 1987, the opera house was renovated again, and after all the restoratory works were finished, the opera house finally reopened its doors.


Liz Smith (journalist)

Mary Elizabeth "Liz" Smith (February 2, 1923 – November 12, 2017) was an American gossip columnist. She was known as The Grand Dame of Dish. She was a journalist for the New York Daily Times.

Smith was born on February 2, 1923 in Fort Worth, Texas. She was raised in New York City. Smith studied at the University of Texas at Austin. She worked for five years at CBS Radio with Mike Wallace. She was married to George Edward until they divorced.

She was bisexual.

Smith died at her Manhattan apartment on November 12, 2017 of natural causes at the age of 94.


Ann Richards

Dorothy Ann Willis Richards (September 1, 1933 – September 13, 2006) was an American politician and the 45th Governor of Texas. She first obtained national attention as the state treasurer of Texas, when she delivered the keynote address at the 1988 Democratic National Convention. Richards served as the 45th Governor of Texas from 1991 to 1995 and was defeated for re-election in 1994 by George W. Bush. Ann Richards was the second woman governor of Texas.

Richards was born on September 1, 1933 in Lakeview, Texas. Richards was raised in Austin, Texas. She studied at Baylor University. Richards was married to David Richards from 1953 until they divorced in 1984. They have four children, including former President of Planned Parenthood Cecile Richards.

Richards died on September 13, 2006 just 12 days after her 73rd birthday from esophageal cancer in Austin, Texas, aged 73.


Susannah York

Susannah York (Susannah Yolande Fletcher, January 9, 1939 – January 15, 2011) was an English movie, stage, voice, radio, and television actress. She was known for her role as Alice in "They Shoot Horses, Don't They?". She won a BAFTA Award for her role as Alice. She was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award.

York was born on 9 January 1939 in Chelsea, London, England. She studied at Marr College and at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts.

York was married to Michael Wells from 1960 until they divorced in 1976. They have two children. York died on 15 January 2011, six days after her 72nd birthday in a hospital in Chelsea, London, England from multiple myeloma, aged 72.


Robert Goulet

Robert Gerard Goulet (November 26, 1933 – October 30, 2007) was an American singer, movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor.

He was known for his deep voice and for his roles in "Beetlejuice", "", and in the broadway version of Camelot as Lancelot. He won a Grammy Award and a Tony Award. He was a "lost Canadian".

Goulet was born on November 26, 1933 in Lawrence, Massachusetts. He studied at Victoria Composite High School and at The Royal Conservatory of Music.

He was married to Louise Longmore from 1956 until they divorced in 1963. Then he was married to Carol Lawrence from 1963 until they divorced in 1981. Then he was married to Vera Novak from 1982 until his death in 2007.

Goulet died on October 30, 2007 in Los Angeles, California from respiratory failure caused by pulmonary fibrosis, aged 73.



Lucille Bliss

Lucille Theresa Bliss (March 31, 1916 – November 8, 2012) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actress. She was known for being the voice of Smurfette in "The Smurfs".

Bliss was born on March 31, 1916 in New York City, New York. Her career began in 1935 and lasted until her death in 2012. Bliss died on November 8, 2012 in Costa Mesa, California from natural causes, aged 96.


Daws Butler

Charles Dawson "Daws" Butler (November 16, 1916 – May 18, 1988) was an American actor and comedian. He was is known for his voice roles as Yogi Bear, Quick Draw McGraw, Snagglepuss, and Huckleberry Hound.

Butler was born on November 16, 1916 in Toledo, Ohio. Butler's family later moved to Chicago, Illinois were he was raised. He began his career as an entertainer in Chicago.

Butler was married to Mytris Martin from c. 1940 until his death in 1988. They had four children. Butler died from a heart attack in Culver City, California on May 18, 1988, aged 71.


Jimmy Donegan

Jimmy Donegan (born around 1940) is an Aboriginal Australian artist. His painting "Papa Tjukurpa munu Pukara" won the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2010. He speaks Pitjantjatjara and Ngaanyatjarra. His work is held in several major private galleries in Australia and Europe. The only major public gallery to hold one of his works is the National Gallery of Victoria.

Donegan was born about 1940. He was born at Yanpan, a rock hole near Ngatuntjarra bore in outback Western Australia. He grew up living a traditional, nomadic way of life in the Pitjantjatjara and Ngaanyatjarra country around what is now the communities of Papulankutja and Mantamaru. His family settled at Papulankutja (then known as Blackstone) in the 1950s.

Before he began painting, Donegan worked as a stockman. He was also a hunter and a craftsman well known for making traditional hunting tools (spears, spear-throwers and boomerangs). During the early 1970s, Donegan helped to set up outstations in the south-western Pitjantjatjara lands. His wife was born near Puta Puta, a place close to Kalka in what is now the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. The couple and their children originally lived there, but they later moved to Papulankutja, closer to Jimmy's own homeland.

Jimmy's wife, Nuuniwa Imundura Donegan, was also a craftswoman. During the mid- to late-1990s, she was a member of the Tjanpi Desert Weavers, a project of women producing artistic objects made mainly from grass (""). Their life-sized "Tjanpi Grass Toyota", a truck made mostly of desert grasses, won the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2005. Other examples of her work are now held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the National Gallery of Australia, and the National Museum of Australia.

Donegan began painting professionally about 2000. He was one of the first painters at the local co-operative Papulankutja Artists, established in 2001. Some of his work with Papulankutja was displayed in a group exhibition in Perth in 2005. During this year, Nuuniwa died, and Donegan moved back to live at Kalka. The couple's four children were living there, and he returned to live with them. He started painting for Kalka's community art centre, Ninuku Arts, when it was established in 2006.

Since joining Ninuku Arts, Donegan's work has been featured every year in the annual Desert Mob exhibition in Alice Springs. It has also been shown in other group exhibitions in Sydney, Canberra, Broome, Melbourne and Adelaide. He has not had a solo exhibition.

Donegan's paintings depict ancestral stories from the Dreamtime, which have spiritual significance for his family. He mostly focuses on stories relating to his paternal (his father's and grandfather's) heritage. His father was Dulu, a rock hole in the Gibson Desert where there are lots of dingoes. It is associated with the Dingo Dreaming ('). His grandfather's country is Pukara, a sacred men's site south of Irrunytju that is closely associated with the story of the two snake men ('). These are stories are about how the land was created.

Donegan's most famous painting, "Papa Tjukurpa munu Pukara", combined both of these stories onto a single canvas. It is a composition of several different styles and techniques. The painting won the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in August 2010. It was given the award for best painting, and was then chosen for the overall prize from the winners of each of the five categories. It was the first time Donegan had entered his artwork into a competition.

Critics have said that Donegan's work looks influenced by the early styles of the Western Desert art movement at Warburton – as the artist was living there during the mid-1990s –, but that he also shows a new style and experimentalism.


Lady Garden Park

The Lady Garden Park (originally Ladies' Garden) is a public park in Abbottabad town, Pakistan. 

The park was established soon after the foundation of Abbotabad town itself (January 1853) by Major James Abbott. As distinct from the "Company Bagh" (East India Company Park) which was also founded down in the main bazaar for the recreation of "natives", the Ladies Garden was exclusively for the use of European or "White" ladies and families. It was laid out over a whole block of the urban military cantonment area, opposite to St Luke's Church, Abbottabad. A number of trees and flowers imported from England and other places were also planted here.

While the British Raj in India lasted, this park retained its exclusive character, but after the Independence of Pakistan in 1947, it was opened to all the general public.

The park is a very popular recreational place for the citizens of Abbottabad. Apart from the general, open area with lawns and walks etc., a section has also been segregated for women and children, with swings, slides, see-saws and so on. A small snack-bar and benches are also placed in a pleasant location, under some fine old trees. A special feature of the park is the copy of the farewell poem written by Major Abbott, the town's founder, which has been carved on a big stone slab beneath a majestic cedar tree. Many tourists come to see and read this and get themselves photographed here (See Link Below for Abbott Poem Text).

The park has some literary connections, or has been mentioned in some literary works, most notably:



Commemorative plaque

A commemorative plaque, or simply plaque, is a plate made of metal, ceramic, stone, wood, or other material. It is usually placed on a wall or a large stone. It usually has text and sometimes an image in memory of one or more persons, as used for epitaph, an event, a former use of the place, or some other thing. A plaquette is a small plaque. The word plaquette is not usually used for outdoor plaques fixed to wall.

In England there is the Blue Plaques scheme. Plaques are put on to buildings to commemorate their links with important people or events. The scheme has been run by English Heritage for over 140 years and is thought to be the oldest of its kind in the world.

Other commemorative plaque schemes are run by local councils and charities throughout the United Kingdom. These use their own rules for deciding when to put up a plaque. A list of schemes in England can be found on the English Heritage website.

As the price of scrap metal has increased plaques have been stolen by thieves wishing to sell the metal for cash.

Plaques or, more often, plaquettes, have text awarding someone or something.


Valonia ventricosa

Valonia ventricosa, also known as "bubble algae" and "sailors’ eyeballs", is a species of algae found in oceans throughout the world in tropical and subtropical regions. It is one of the largest single-celled organisms. However, although genuinely a single cell, it has more than one nucleus.

"Valonia ventricosa" usually grow alone, but sometimes they grow in groups. They appear in the littoral zones and continental shelf of tropical and subtropical areas, like the Caribbean, north to Florida, south to Brazil, and in the Indo-Pacific. Overall, they inhabit most oceans in the world, often living in broken coral.
The deepest water it lives in is about .

The single-cell organism has a spherical to ovoid (egg-like) shape. The colour varies from grass green to dark green (though in deep dark water they may appear to be silver, teal, or even blackish). This is determined by the number of chloroplasts of the specimen. The surface of the cell shines like glass. The body is a thin-walled, tough, single cell with more than one nucleus. The diameter is usually from although it may get to in rare cases. The "bubble" alga is attached to the bottom by fibres: "... anchored to a substrate by minute hair-like appendages called rhizoids that create a surprisingly strong hold". 

Reproduction occurs by cell division, where the multinucleic mother cell makes daughter cells, which become separate from the mother cell.

Because its cells are so large, "Valonia ventricosa" has been used to study the permeability of cell membranes.< In studying the cellulose lattice in the cell wall, "Valonia ventricosa" has undergone extensive X-ray analytical procedures. It has also been studied for its electrical properties, due to its unusually high electrical potential relative to the seawater that surrounds it.

Gulab Singh

Maharaja Gulab Singh (1792–1857), Dogra Rajput, was the founder of the princely state of Jammu and Kashmir. It was the second largest princely state in British India.Though he was a man of principles, his descendents especially Hari Singh then turned out to be an autocratic ruler who suppressed the Muslims during his reign.

In 1821, Gulab Singh caprajauri from Azhar Khan and vishwa from raja tej Mohan Singh comma full stop that same year gulab into part in VI who had been leading of revolution against the se Kishore Singh died in 1822 and gulab Singh was confirmed as raja of Jammu by his subject Ranjit Singh afterwards gulab Singh ticket, declaration of sun

Ranjit Singh

Maharaja Ranjit Singh (13 November 1780 – 27 June 1839) was the founder of the Sikh Empire, which came to power in the Punjab from the 16th-19th century. The capital was at Gujranwala, later moved to Lahore. Ranjit Singh first came to fame around the year 1798 when he took advantage of the Durrani Empire turmoil in the Punjab region and captured the city of Lahore expelling the Afghan Muslim army garrison in the city. He then expanded in the Punjab region destroying each and ever Afghan Empire garrison and conquered many cities through his most decorated general, Hari Singh Nalwa. At its height, the Sikh Empire stretched from Jamrud in the west, Amritsar in the east, Multan in the south and Srinagar in the north.

After Ranjit Singh's death, his successors were weak and divided and the entire Punjab region fell to the British East India Company, and was conquered by the British Empire later to become part of British Raj.

Dogras

The Dogra are an Indo-Aryan ethnic group in South Asia. Dogras are mostly believed to be of Rajput origins. They are largely settled in the hilly areas of Jammu, in India. In terms of religion, they are mostly Hindus, with some Sikhs and Muslims too.

Tiwana

The Tiwana are a Punjabi Jatt and Rajput clan from the Punjab region of India and Pakistan. The Tiwanas in Indian Punjab are mostly Sikhs, while the Tiwanas of Pakistani Punjab are almost all Muslims. 

The best-known member of this clan was late Malik Sir Khizar Hayat Tiwana who for some time remained Premier of the Punjab in British India, following Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan's demise.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 15

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 15 is the fifteenth cycle of "America's Next Top Model". It premiered on September 8, 2010. The episode titles for this cycle were based on the guest judges. The international destinations for this cycle are Venice, Milan, Verona and Como. The winner was 19-year-old Ann Ward from Dallas, Texas.

"(ages stated are at time of contest)"
Chelsey's age during on the recap episode, when she turned 23.

 The contestant was eliminated outside from judging panel


Khizar Hayat Tiwana

Sir Malik Khizar Hayat Tiwana (7 August 1900 – 20 January 1975) () was a Punjabi politician of British India. He was a member of the Unionist Party (Punjab). He remained Premier of the Punjab region from 1942 to 1947, just before the Partition of India.

He was from a Tiwana Jat landowning family which had been prominent since the 15th and 16th centuries. His father Malik Sir Umar Hayat Tiwana had also been a faithful vassal of the British Raj and did much to elevate the family further.

Tarar

The Tarar are a Jatt clan of India and Pakistan. They mostly live in the Punjab region in both these countries. Tarars in Indian Punjab are mostly Hindus and Sikhs while those in Pakistani Punjab are all Muslims.

In recent times, the most well-known member of this clan is Muhammad Rafiq Tarar, a former President of Pakistan.

Pahalgam

Pahalgam () is a town in India. It is located in the Anantnag District in the union territory of Jammu and Kashmir.

Common ivy

Common Ivy ("Hedera helix") is a vine. It is evergreen - it does not lose its leaves in winter. Originally, the plant grew on the Macaronesian islands, but it spread through the Mediterranean and Europe to Asia. All parts of the plant are poisonous. It is often used as a decorative plant in gardens. Ivy is very important for ecology: its nectar and seeds are available when few other plants are. Sometimes ivy is considered to be an invasive species, esp. in North America.


Macaronesia

The Macaronesian islands, or simply Macaronesia is a modern name for several groups of islands of volcanic origin in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Europe and Africa. They belong to three countries: Portugal, Spain, and Cape Verde.

Macaronesia ( 'blessed', 'happy' and 'island'; 'blessed/fortunate islands'). This term was used by Ancient Greek geographers for islands to the west of the Strait of Gibraltar.

The modern use of the term Macaronesia goes to the botanist Philip Barker Webb in the 1830s for botanical descriptions. The name is occasionally misspelled "Macronesia" in analogy with Micronesia.

The following groups of islands (archipelagos) are commonly counted as being part of the Macaronesia - from north to south:

Spanish is spoken in the Canary Islands and Portuguese in the rest of the islands. Cape Verde was a colony of Portugal but it is independent since 1975.

The islands of Macaronesia are volcanic in origin, and are thought to be the product of several geologic hotspots.

The climate of the Macaronesian islands goes from Mediterranean in the Azores and Madeira to arid in Cape Verde. The Portuguese archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira have a generally cooler climate and higher rainfall than the Canary Islands and Cape Verde.

Even if the distances between the different groups of islands are large, the plants and animals are similar and there are many endemic plants that are found only in these islands.

The islands have a unique biogeography, and are home to several distinct plant and animal communities. The laurel forests, known as "laurisilva", of Macaronesia are a type of mountain cloud forest with species of a vegetation type which originally covered much of the Mediterranean Basin when the climate of the region was more humid and evolved to adapt to island conditions. These forests once covered most of the Azores, Madeira, and parts of the Canary Islands ("Canaries") between 400–1200 m altitude (the eastern Canaries and Cape Verde being too dry).

Cutting the trees for timber and wood, clearing vegetation for grazing and agriculture, and the introduction of plants and animals by humans has displaced much of the native vegetation. The laurisilva has been reduced to small pockets. As a result, many of the endemic biota of the islands are seriously endangered or extinct.


Dhamrai Jagannath Roth

Dhamrai Jagannath Roth is a temple that is actually a chariot, that is located in the city of Dhamrai in Bangladesh. The temple is dedicated to the Hindu God Jagannath. The chariot is carved from wood, with many decorative carvings and paintings, and has six levels with statues inside. It is taken out in a grand procession once a year for a festival called the Roth Jatra (or the Rathyatra or Rathajatra). The Roth Jatra in Dhamrai is one of the most important events for the Hindu community of Bangladesh.

Killer Instinct

Killer Instinct is a fighting game published by Nintendo. The game premiered on arcade in November 1994 and onto SNES the following year. "Killer Instinct" is strongly similar to "Street Fighter", except that the characters for this game are different with far more sophistication.

Doc Severinsen

Carl Hilding "Doc" Severinsen (born July 7, 1927) is an American pop and jazz trumpeter. He is best known for leading the NBC Orchestra on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson". He has won a Grammy Award.

Severinsen was born on July 7, 1927 in Arlington, Oregon. He was married to Evonne Nyman from 1964 until they divorced in 1976. He married Emily Marshall in 1980. He has five children.


Warraich

The Warraich or Warraich are found in Pakistan and India. They mostly live in Pakistani Punjab and also in Indian Punjab. They belong to Sikh religion and people left in Pakistan converted to Muslim. Apparently, the roots are from shrubs of Chenab River in Gujrat now district Gujrat , Pakistan. In the beginning 20th century the spread all over the Punjab including Pakistan and India after land allocation due to modern Punjab irrigation system introduced by British India government.mahraja ranjit singh belong warraich clan

The majority of Warraich are muslim. The Warraich from the Pakistani side of Punjab are mostly Muslim, while those from the Indian states of Haryana and Punjab are predominantly Sikh.

In Pakistan, the Warraich are mostly found in the districts of Gujrat and Gujranwala. They also live in Lahore, Multan, Bahawalpur, Dunyapur Tehsil of Lodhran, Faisalabad , Chichawatni and Sargodha.
In India, Warraich are mostly found in Haryana, Patiala and the Amritsar District. 

Lena Horne

Lena Mary Calhoun Horne (June 30, 1917 – May 9, 2010) was an American singer, actress, civil rights activist and dancer. 
Horne was born on June 30, 1917 in Brooklyn, New York City. She was raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and in New York City. When she was three years old, her father, Edwin “Teddy” Horne, and her mother, Edna, divorced. She lived with her grandmother, Cora Calhoun, and her grandfather, Edwin Horne. Her mother was an actor and singer, but she was not very successful. She took Lena to the South, where they moved often. When she returned to Brooklyn, she continued to move often. After her career started, Horne married Louis Jones. They divorced later. They had two children, Gail and Edwin “Teddy”. Then, she was married to Leonard George “Lennie” Hayton, a white musician. Because marriage between two races was against the law in California, they were married in Paris, France. In 1970, Horne’s son and father died. The year after, Horne’s husband died of a heart attack.

Even though her parents did not want her to be a singer, she still spent a lot of time doing it. Her family thought that she was able to do better things. Later, she decided to leave high-school to spend her time singing. Horne cared a lot about helping people without equality. Horne was a singer, actress, and dancer. She mostly sang a type of music called the blues and had a strong voice. Horne began her career in the arts by dancing and singing at the Cotton Club when she was 16. When she was 25, Horne became the first black singer with a long term singing contract. A few years later she was very popular in clubs. In the 1940s and 1950s she was in many movies and musicals, such as "Stormy Weather", "The Wiz", "Ziegfeld Follies", "Till the Clouds Roll By", "Death of a Gunfighter", and in "The Duke is Tops". At age 46, Horne wrote a book about herself called “Lena.” She won the Spingarn Medal, the Tony Award, and the Drama Desk Award. Horne won these awards at ages 64 and 66. Horne died on May 9, 2010 in New York City, New York from heart failure, aged 92. 


Francis Preston Blair

Francis Preston Blair, Sr. (April 12, 1791 – October 18, 1876) or Preston Blair was an American journalist and politician, before and during the American Civil War. Blair wanted to reunite the North and the South during the war. Blair helped to create the Republican Party. He supported many Democrats, but was mostly the ally of Republican President Abraham Lincoln. He is nicknamed The Father of the Republican Party since he was one of the men who started the Republican Party.

Blair was born at Abingdon, Virginia on April 12, 1791. He moved to Kentucky and later graduated from Transylvania University in 1811. Blair became a journalist in Frankfort, Kentucky and Washington D.C., and a prominent leader of the Democrats. He was married to Eliza Violet Gist from 1812 until his death in 1876. They had five children. He founded Silver Spring, the second largest city in Maryland, in 1840.

Blair helped create the Republican Party and supported the first nominee of the party, Abraham Lincoln. Although he had slaves, Blair was said that after the Mexican War that slavery should not be extended beyond where it was allowed. In 1848 he actively supported Martin Van Buren, the Free Soil Party candidate for the presidency. Later, he supported Franklin Pierce, but then went on to help organize the new Republican Party in supporting Anti-Slavery reforms at a convention at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in February 1856.

Blair wanted John C. Frémont for president and supported him at the June 1856 convention. At the 1860 convention he supported the nomination of Edward Bates as president. When it was clear that Bates would not be nominated, Blair then supported the nomination of Abraham Lincoln. Blair helped many democratic politicians to vote yes on making slavery illegal and becoming the 13th Amendment.

Blair asked President Lincoln that once Savannah, Georgia fell, he should travel to the capital of the Confederacy in Richmond, Virginia to talk to President Jefferson Davis, whom he knew. He organized a peace conference that failed.

In 1862, Blair had told his slaves that they could "go when they wished." He said that "all but one declined the privilege," choosing to stay on as servants.

Blair died on October 18, 1876 in Silver Spring, Maryland from natural causes, aged 85. He was later buried at Rock Creek Cemetery in Washington, D.C. His wife, Eliza, died on July 5, 1877, a year after his death.

In Steven Spielberg's 2012 biography movie "Lincoln", Blair was played by actor Hal Holbrook.

A town is named after him in Georgia, Blairville, Georgia.

His great-great grandson is American actor Montgomery Clift.


Araliaceae

The Araliaceae are a family of flowering plants, also known as the Aralia family (after its type genus "Aralia") or ivy family. The family includes 254 species of trees, shrubs, lianas and perennial herbaceous plants in two subfamilies. Species usually bear pinnately or palmately compound leaves, and usually have small flowers produced in large panicles.

Hindkowan

Hindkowans is a general term used to identify speakers of the Hindko dialect of Punjabi in Pakistan. In fact this is not an ethnic grouping or category properly speaking, and comprises diverse elements in the Punjab, and small amount in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and in Mianwali District and Dera Ghazi Khan areas of Punjab (Pakistan). 

However, over time, this linguistic category or grouping has come to be linked to various indigenous regional demands and aspirations and is now thought to be an ethnic group in itself.

Patricia Neal

Patricia Neal (January 20, 1926 – August 8, 2010) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actress who is known for her roles in "Breakfast at Tiffany's", "The Day the Earth Stood Still", "Hud", "A Face in the Crowd", and in "The Fountainhead". She has won an Academy Award in 1963, two BAFTA Awards in 1963 and in 1965, a Golden Globe Award 1971, and a Tony Award in 1947.

Neal was born on January 20, 1926 in Packard, Kentucky. She was raised in Knoxville, Tennessee. She studied at Knoxville High School and at Northwestern University. Neal was married to Roald Dahl from 1953 until they divorced in 1983. They had five children. She was partners with Gary Cooper before she meet Dahl. Neal died on August 8, 2010 in Edgartown, Massachusetts from lung cancer, aged 84.


Thaddeus Stevens

Thaddeus Stevens (born April 4, 1792) was an American Republican leader. He was one of the most powerful members of the United States House of Representatives from 1849 until his death in 1868.

He was chairman of the powerful House Ways and Means Committee. Stevens was a witty, sarcastic speaker and confident party leader. He dominated the House from 1861 until his death. Stevens helped create the 14th Amendment to the United States Constitution. He also helped with the act that helped the Reconstruction of the United States.

Stevens was born in Danville, Vermont on April 4, 1792. He went to Dartmouth College and the University of Vermont. Stevens was never married and had no children. He was in a relationship with his black housekeeper even when slavery was legal. He wore a wig because he was bald.

He wrote much of the financial legislation that paid for the American Civil War. Stevens and Senator Charles Sumner were the prime leaders of the Radical Republicans during the war and Reconstruction era. He worked and supported Abraham Lincoln's plan to end slavery and the U.S. reconstruction plan. He was part of Andrew Johnson's impeachment.

Stevens died on August 11, 1868 in Washington, D.C. from a stomach infection, aged 76. He was buried in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.

Stevens never married. However, there were rumors about his 20-year relationship (1848–1868) with his widowed housekeeper, Lydia Hamilton Smith (1813–1884). She was a light-skinned African-American; her husband Jacob and at least one of her sons were much darker than she was.

He was played by actor Tommy Lee Jones in Steven Spielberg's 2012 biography movie "Lincoln".


Lincoln (movie)

Lincoln is a 2012 biographical war drama movie that is based on events during the life of the 16th president of the United States, Abraham Lincoln. The movie was made by Disney's Touchstone label, DreamWorks, and 20th Century Fox. The movie is based on Doris Kearns Goodwin's book .

"Lincoln" tells about President Abraham Lincoln during January 1865, in his efforts to pass the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution in the United States House of Representatives, which would finally ban slavery in the country. Expecting the Civil War to end within a month but concerned that his 1863 Emancipation Proclamation may be rejected by the courts once the war has stopped and the 13th Amendment defeated by the returning slave states. President Lincoln seeks help from his cabinet including the founder of the Republican Party Francis Preston Blair who can help congress vote yes on stopping slavery. As he talks about the Democrats saying no, Lincoln talks to Secretary of State William H. Seward about the problem of Democrats. As Thaddeus Stevens convinces the congress to vote yes on abolishing slavery, Union Army General Ulysses S. Grant received a surrender from Confederate General Robert E. Lee. Later on April 14, 1865, Lincoln has a final meeting with his cabinet and prepares to go to a play with his wife Mary Todd Lincoln. The movie ends when Lincoln's son receives the news that his father died after being shot at Ford's Theater. As the movie ends it shows flashbacks of Lincoln's second inaugural address.


As of November 22, 2012, the movie has made $32,291,000 from 1,775 theaters. The movie opened at 11 theaters with $944,308 and an average of $85,846 per theater. It opened at the #15 rank, becoming the highest opening of a movie with such a limited release.

The movie was nominated for seven Golden Globe Awards including: Best Musical Score for John Williams, Best Supporting Actor Tommy Lee Jones, Best Supporting Actress for Sally Field, Best Screenplay for Tony Kushner, Best Director Steven Spielberg, and Best Movie. The movie only won one Golden Globe, given to Daniel Day-Lewis for Best Leading Actor.

The movie was nominated for four Screen Actors Guild Awards including: Best Crew in a Motion Picture, Best Female Actor in a Supporting Role for Sally Field. It won two for Best Supporting Actor for Tommy Lee Jones and Best Male Actor in a Leading Role for Daniel Day-Lewis.

The movie was nominated for 12 Academy Awards some of them includes: Best Supporting Actor, Best Supporting Actress, Best Cinematography, Best Sound Mixing, Best Costume Design, Best Film Editing, Best Original Score. Lincoln won the Academy Award for Best Production Design to Rick Carter and Jim Ericson.

"Lincoln" was released on Blu-ray, DVD, and digital download on March 26, 2013 from Touchstone Home Entertainment. The release was produced in two different physical packages: a 2-disc combo pack (Blu-ray and DVD); and a 1-disc DVD.


Benjamin Wade

Benjamin Franklin "Bluff" Wade (October 27, 1800 – March 2, 1878) was a U.S. lawyer and United States Senator. In the Senate, he was associated with the Radical Republicans of that time. Wade was only one vote away from becoming the President of the United States due to the impeachment of Andrew Johnson.

Wade was born on October 27, 1800 in Springfield, Massachusetts. He was raised in Jefferson, Ohio. Wade was married to Caroline M. Rosekrans from 1841 until his death in 1878. They had two children. Wade died on March 2, 1878 in Jefferson, Ohio from natural causes, aged 77.


Japanese New Year

New Year in Japan is one of the most important festivals. Unlike the Chinese New Year, it is held on January 1. 

Yoshirō Mori

In 2014, he was appointed to be in charge of the organizing committee for the 2020 Summer Olympics and Paralympics. He resigned in February 2021 after he made some sexist comments at a committee meeting.

Harry Tjutjuna

Harry Tjutjuna is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. He belongs to the Pitjantjatjara people. Tjutjuna began painting in 2005. He held his first solo exhibition in 2007, in Darwin. His work is now held in several major public galleries in Australia, including the Art Gallery of New South Wales, the National Gallery of Victoria, and the National Gallery of Australia. His painting ' (Bilby Dreaming Story) was a finalist for the Togard Contemporary Art Award in 2009. In 2010 and 2011, another of Tjutjuna's paintings, ', was chosen as a finalist in both the Western Australian Indigenous Art Awards, and the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award (NATSIAA).

Tjutjuna was born around 1930. He was born in the bushland close to what is now the community of Pipalyatjara in the north-west corner of South Australia. Sources disagree on where exactly he was born. Some say he was born at Walytjatjara, a place to the north-east of Pipalyatjara, just over the border in the Northern Territory. Others say that he was born at Mount Davies, a hill that overlooks Pipalyatjara.

When Tjutjuna was still young, his family settled at Ernabella. He went to school on the mission there and later worked as a labourer for the community. He later moved back west to live in the communities of Irrunytju and Pipalyatjara after they were established. He moved there with his wives and children to be closer to his homeland. In his later life, Tjutjuna became known as an important traditional healer (') and law man (') for the Pitjantjatjara.

Tjutjuna began painting in late 2005, when he was aged in his mid-seventies. He was living again at Ernabella, and began to paint for the community's art company Ernabella Arts. His work at Ernabella depicted "Tjukurpa" (traditional law or stories from the Dreamtime). It supported a shift in subject matter for the centre's artists, from quite secular to more spiritual subjects. In 2008, Tjutjuna moved back to Pipalyatjara and began work for Ninuku Arts.

Tjutjuna paints concepts and stories from his Dreaming (spirituality). His main personal totem is a spider ('), and his Dreaming revolves around the (Spider Man Dreaming). According to his Dreaming, which was passed on to him from previous generations, Tjutjuna's ancestor is a powerful being known as the Spider Man. This creature is said to have created Tjutjuna's country in the Dreamtime, and so Tjutjuna associates his country, his heritage and himself with this set of beliefs. In this way, the paintings are autobiographical in addition to depicting traditional stories. Tjutjuna identifies himself as the Spider Man, and his paintings are often seen to symbolise his work as a ' (healer). Because his totem is a spider, he uses spider webs to treat wounds on people's skin.

Tjutjuna also paints figures from several other Dreaming stories associated with his country, such as the Wati Maḻu (Red Kangaroo Man) and the Kungka Mingkiri (Mice Women). Many of the paintings have sexual themes. One of Tjutjuna's most famous paintings, "", is a composition of two Dreaming stories. It depicts the story of the Kungkarungkara (Seven Sisters), which is about the constellations of Pleiades (the sisters) and Orion. Tjutjuna painted it from the male's perspective. , a shape-shifting man, chases the seven sisters and catches the youngest, raping her. The other story depicted is from the Spider Man Dreaming. The painting was chosen as a finalist for the Western Australian Indigenous Art Awards in 2010, and the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2011.

Tjutjuna paints in the typical style of the Western Desert, which can be seen as very abstract. The figures in his paintings, ancestral beings, are obscured and encoded for cultural reasons. He uses fields of dots to represent their interactions, and lines to represent their journeys across the landscape. The landscape is depicted with the earthly colours of the desert (reds, oranges, ochres and white). In his works depicting , he often paints circular patterns across the background. This motif is used to represent both a spider's web and the spider man's many women. Tjutjuna is also known for drip paintings.


2012 Asia Cup

The 2012 Asia Cup was the 11th edition of the Asia Cup tournament. It was held in Bangladesh. Pakistan became the champion of this tournament as the host's Bangladesh became runner-up. It was the second time when Pakistan became champion of Asia Cup. On the other hand, in their history of Asia Cup Bangladesh qualified for the final first time.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 16

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 16 is the sixteenth cycle of "America's Next Top Model" and the tenth season to be aired on The CW network. It premiered on February 23, 2011. The international destination for this cycle is Marrakech, Morocco. The winner was 19-year-old Brittani Kline from Beech Creek, Pennsylvania.

"(ages stated are at time of contest)"

Episode 1

Episode 2

Episode 3

Episode 4

Episode 5

Episode 6

Episode 7

Episode 8

Episode 9

Episode 10

Episode 11

Episode 12


Kingdom of God

The Kingdom of God, or Kingdom of Heaven is an important religious idea. It is found in Judaism, Christianity and Islam
God has a 'Kingdom' of His own. The Parables of Jesus talk about the Kingdom. Life here is seen as a test for us and if we follow the orders of God and do good deeds then we shall be rewarded in an Afterlife, where 'good' people alone will enter the heaven with all its joys.

Those who do evil will not get to heaven.


Adinath Temple, Maheshkhali

Adinath Temple is a temple dedicated to the Hindu God Adi Nath - another name for Shiva. It is on the summit of a hill, on Maheshkhali Island, off the coast of Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh. The temple is famous for the fair held once a year at the foot of the hill. The fair lasts thirteen days and draws thousands of Hindus from across Bangladesh.

Chandranath Temple

Chandranath Temple is in southeastern Bangladesh, on top of a hill named Chandranath Hill. The temple is a sacred place to which people make pilgrimages.

Alec McCowen

Alexander Duncan "Alec" McCowen CBE (May 26, 1925 – February 6, 2017) was an English movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor who was known for his roles in "Frenzy", "Gangs of New York", "Never Say Never Again", "The Age of Innocence", and in "Travels with My Aunt".

McCowen was born on May 26, 1925 in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent. He was raised in London, England. McCowen studied at Skinner's School and at the Royal Academy of the Dramatic Arts. He was gay. His partner, Geoffrey Burridge died from AIDS in 1987.

McCowen died at his home in London, England on February 6, 2017, aged 91.


Bill Tarmey

Bill Tarmey (born William Piddington GBE; 4 April 1941 – 9 November 2012) was an English actor, singer, author, and comedian, he was best known for playing the role of Jack Duckworth in the long-running ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street", first playing the role in 1979, he played the role regularly from 1983 to 2010.

Tarmey was born on 4 April 1941 in Ardwick, Manchester, England. He was married to Alma Tarmey from 1962 until his death in 2012. They had a son and daughter. Tarmey died on the morning of 9 November 2012 in Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain from a heart attack, aged 71.

Stanley Tucci

Stanley Oliver Tucci (born November 11, 1960) is an American actor who is known for his roles in "The Devil Wears Prada", "Winchell" and "The Lovely Bones". He has won two Golden Globe Awards and two Emmy Awards.

Tucci was born on November 11, 1960 in Peekskill, New York. He was raised in Katonah, New York. He studied at John Jay High School and at SUNY Purchase. Tucci was married to Kathryn Spath from 1995 until her death in 2009. Then he was married to Felicity Blunt since 2012. He has three children with Spath. He currently lives in London.


Mia Wasikowska

Mia Wasikowska (born 14 October 1989) is an Australian movie, television, and voice actress who is mostly known for her role as Alice in Tim Burton's "Alice in Wonderland". She is also known for her television role as Sophie in "In Treatment".
Wasikowska was born and raised in Canberra, Australia. She has an older sister named Jess, and a younger brother named Kai. Her mother, Marzena Wasikowska, is a photographer from Poland while her father, John Reid, is an Australian painter-and-collagist. As a child, she frequently accompanied her parents on their gallery rounds in Europe, and in her spare time, she continues to enjoy photography. She studied ballet as a child and turned to acting when she was 15. 
After some television and movie works in Australia, Wasikowska moved to Los Angeles to be in the cable drama "In Treatment". Her portrayal of a suicidal teen earned critical praise and led to more work in American movies, including "Defiance" and "Amelia". In Tim Burton's Alice, Wasikowska co-starred with Johnny Depp, Anne Hathaway, Helena Bonham Carter and carried a blockbuster movie, appearing in almost every scene. She won an AFI International Award, a Teen Choice Award and nominated an Empire Award for her performance. In 2009, it was announced that Wasikowska was cast in the Lisa Cholodenko-directed indie comedy film "The Kids Are All Right" alongside Annette Bening, Julianne Moore, Josh Hutcherson and Mark Ruffalo. Film received positive reviews from critics, and Wasikowska received Hollywood Film Festival Breakthrough Actress Award for her role. From March to May 2010, Wasikowska filmed Cary Fukunaga's adaptation of Jane Eyre, in which she starred as the title character opposite Michael Fassbender as Mr. Rochester. In 2011, Wasikowska shot the small supporting role of Shia LaBeouf's character's love interest in John Hillcoat's "Lawless". Then she filmed the lead in Park Chan-wook's English-language debut movie, "Stoker", alongside Nicole Kidman and Matthew Goode. In 2014, she starred in David Cronenberg movie titled "Maps to the Stars" with Julianne Moore, John Cusack, Robert Pattinson, Olivia Williams, and Sarah Gadon which premiered in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.

In November 2013, it was announced that Wasikowska was cast in "Alice Through the Looking Glass", the 2016 sequel to "Alice in Wonderland".

Wasikowska lives in Bronte, New South Wales. In 2013, she began dating her "The Double" co-star Jesse Eisenberg. The two split in 2015.


Alfred Hermann Fried

Alfred Hermann Fried (November 11, 1864 – May 5, 1921) was an Austrian Jewish pacifist, publicist, journalist, co-founder of the German peace movement, and winner (with Tobias Asser) of the Nobel Prize for Peace in 1911.

Fried was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary on November 11, 1864. Fried left school at the age of 15 and started to work in a bookshop. In 1883 he moved to Berlin, where he opened a bookshop of his own in 1887.

In 1892 he was a co-founder of the German Peace Society (). He was one of the fathers of the idea of a modern organisation to assure worldwide peace (the principal idea was fulfilled in the League of Nations and after the Second World War in the United Nations).

Fried was a prominent member of the Esperanto-movement. In 1903 he published the book "" ("Textbook of the International Language of Esperanto"). In 1911 he received the Nobel Peace Prize together with Tobias Asser. During the First World War he lived in Switzerland. Fried died in Vienna on May 5, 1921, aged 56.


Christian Lous Lange

Christian Lous Lange (September 17, 1869 – December 11, 1938) was a Norwegian historian, teacher, and political scientist. He was one of the world's foremost exponents of the theory and practice of internationalism.

Lange was born in Stavanger, Norway on September 17, 1869. His father was a military engineer. He graduated from secondary school in 1887 and later went to travel and study history, English, and French at the University of Oslo in Oslo, Norway. He received the cand. philol. degree in 1893. He taught at secondary schools for many years and eventually returned to the University of Oslo to receive a doctorate.

His support of internationalism was demonstrated by the first of a three volume historical treatise (Histoire de l'internationalisme). The work, published in 1919, was said to contribute to the ideological preparation for the League of Nations. For this and all his other activities, Lange shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Hjalmar Branting in 1921.

Lange died on December 11, 1938 in Oslo, Norway from an illness, aged 69.

Tobias Asser

Tobias Michael Carel Asser (April 28, 1838 – July 29, 1913) was a Dutch lawyer and legal scholar of Jewish background. In 1911, he was cowinner (with Alfred Hermann Fried) of the Nobel Peace Prize for his role in the formation of the Permanent Court of Arbitration at the first Hague peace conference (1899).

He was the son of Carel Daniel Asser (1813-85), and grandson of Carel Asser (1780-1836). He studied law at the University of Amsterdam and Leiden University and was law professor at the University of Amsterdam. Asser died on July 29, 1913 in The Hague, Netherlands, aged 75.


Hjalmar Branting

Karl Hjalmar Branting (23 November 1860 – 24 February 1925) was a Swedish politician. He was the leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party (1907–1925), and Prime Minister during three separate periods (1920, 1921–1923, and 1924–1925). When Branting came to power in 1920, he was the first Social Democratic Prime Minister of Sweden. When he took office for a second term after the general election of 1921, he became the first socialist politician in Europe to do so following elections with universal suffrage. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1921 with Christian Lous Lange.

He was also minister of Finance and Foreign Affairs.

Branting was born on November 23, 1860 in Stockholm, Sweden. He studied at the University of Uppsala. He was married to Anna Branting. Branting died on February 24, 1925 in Stockholm, Sweden from unknown causes, aged 64.


Binocular vision

Binocular vision is vision in which both eyes are used together. It can mean having two eyes instead of one, but more often it means having a visual field which is put together by the brain with input from both eyes. This is the standard equipment for vertebrates and many other types of animals.

Humans have a maximum horizontal field of view of about 200 degrees with two eyes. About 120 degrees make up the binocular field of view (seen by both eyes), and two side fields of about 40 degrees seen by only one eye.

Our system of vision uses parallax to give precise depth information, called stereopsis. Such binocular vision is usually accompanied by singleness of vision or "binocular fusion", in which a single image is seen even though each eye has its own image of an object. 

Stereopsis is the impression of depth we get when we look at a scene with both eyes. Binocular viewing of a scene creates two slightly different images of the scene in the two eyes due to the eyes' different positions on the head. These differences give information that the brain uses to calculate depth in the visual scene. The term 'stereopsis' is often used as short hand for 'binocular vision', 'binocular depth perception' or 'stereoscopic depth perception', though strictly speaking, the impression of depth associated with stereopsis can also be got under other conditions, such as when an observer views a scene with only one eye while moving. Observer motion creates differences in the single retinal image over time similar to binocular disparity; this is referred to as "motion parallax". 

Some animals, usually but not always prey animals, have their two eyes positioned on opposite sides of their heads to give the widest possible field of view. Examples include rabbits, buffaloes, and antelopes. In such animals, the eyes often move independently to increase the field of view. Even without moving their eyes, some birds have a 360-degree field of view.

Other animals, usually but not always predatory animals, have their two eyes positioned on the front of their heads, thereby allowing for binocular vision and reducing their field of view in favor of stereopsis. Examples include humans, eagles, wolves, and snakes.

Some predator animals, particularly large ones such as sperm whales and killer whales, have their two eyes positioned on opposite sides of their heads. Other animals that are not necessarily predators, such as fruit bats and a number of primates also have forward facing eyes. These are usually animals that need fine depth discrimination/perception; for instance, binocular vision improves the ability to pick a chosen fruit or to find and grasp a particular branch.

In animals with forward-facing eyes, the eyes usually move together. Some animals use both strategies. A starling, for example, has laterally placed eyes to cover a wide field of view, but can also move them together to point to the front so their fields overlap giving stereopsis. A remarkable example is the chameleon, whose eyes appear to be mounted on turrets, each moving independently of the other, up or down, left or right. Nevertheless, the chameleon can bring both of its eyes to bear on a single object when it is hunting.

Fredrik Bajer

Fredrik Bajer (April 21, 1837 – January 22, 1922) was a Danish writer, teacher, and pacifist politician. He received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1908.
Bajer was born on April 21, 1837 in Vester Egede, Denmark. He fought in the 1864 war against Prussia and Austria where he was promoted to the rank of first lieutenant. He was discharged in 1865, and moved to Copenhagen where he became a teacher, translator and writer.
He entered the Danish Parliament in 1872 as a member of Folketinget and held a seat there for the following 23 years. As a member of parliament, he worked for the use of international arbitration to solve conflicts among nations, and it is due to Bajer's efforts that foreign relations became part of the work of the Danish Parliament and that Denmark participated in the Inter-Parliamentary Union from the beginning and earned a distinguished position among its members.
He supported many peace organizations, both inside Denmark and Europe-wide. He helped guide the passage of a bill to reach arbitration agreements with Sweden and Norway.

Bajer died on January 22, 1922 in Copenhagen, Denmark from unknown causes, aged 84.


Charles Albert Gobat

Charles Albert Gobat (May 21, 1843 – March 16, 1914) was a Swiss lawyer, educational administrator, and politician. He jointly received the Nobel Peace Prize with Élie Ducommun in 1902 for their leadership of the Permanent International Peace Bureau.

Gobat was born on May 21, 1843 at Tramelan, Switzerland. He was the son of a Protestant pastor. He was the nephew of Samuel Gobat, a missionary who became bishop of Jerusalem. He was educated at the University of Basel, University of Heidelberg, University of Bern, and University of Paris. He received his doctorate in law, "summa cum laude", from the University of Heidelberg in 1867.

In 1902, Gobat jointly received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1902 with Élie Ducommun for their leadership of the Permanent International Peace Bureau.
After the death of Élie Ducommun in 1906, Gobat took over the direction of the International Peace Bureau.

Gobat died on March 16, 1914 in Bern, Switzerland from unknown causes, aged 70. He died while attending a meeting of the peace conference at Bern. He stood as if to speak but collapsed, dying about an hour later.


Herzl Museum

The Herzl Museum is a biographical museum in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. It is dedicated to Theodor Herzl, the founder of the Zionism movement. It is located at the entrance plaza of the National Civil Cemetery of the State of Israel.


Élie Ducommun

Élie Ducommun (19 February 1833 – 7 December 1906) was a Swiss peace activist. He won the 1902 Nobel Peace Prize, which he shared with Charles Albert Gobat.
Ducommun was born in Geneva Switzerland on December 19, 1833. Ducommun worked as a tutor, language teacher, journalist and a translator for the Swiss federal Chancellery (1869–1873).
In 1867, he helped to found the (League for Peace and Liberty), though he continued working at other positions, including secretary for the Jura-Simplon Steel Company from 1873 to 1891. That year, he was appointed director of the newly formed (International Peace Office), the first non-governmental international peace organization, based in Bern. He refused to accept a salary for the position, stating that he wished to serve in this capacity solely for reasons of idealism.
His keen organizational skills ensured the group's success. He was awarded in the Nobel Peace Prize in 1902 with Charles Albert Gobart. He served as director of the organization until his death.

Ducommun died from respiratory and heart failure on December 7, 1906 in Bern, Switzerland at the age of 73.

Garden of the Missing in Action

The Garden of the Missing in Action (, "") is a memorial garden in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. It is in the National Military and Police cemetery of Israel. The garden is dedicated to the missing in action whose bodies were never found from 1914 to today. There is also a temporary monument for the unknown soldiers. It is planned to move this to the National Memorial Hall. The memorial includes names of Jewish and non-Jewish soldiers and officers who have served in the Israeli Army and Israeli Police. The garden was built in 1954 a short time after an ancient Jewish cave was discovered nearby. It became the "Garden of the Missing" in 2004. The garden includes "empty graves" with a memorial board with all the names of the missing in action next to a memorial plaza.

The Operation Boatswain Memorial is next to the garden.


Leif Garrett

Leif Garrett (born Leif Per Nervik; November 8, 1961) is an American singer, actor and television personality. He became famous in the late 1970s as a teen idol, but received much publicity in later life for his drug abuse and legal troubles.

Garrett was born on November 8, 1961 in Hollywood, California.


Victims of Acts of Terror Memorial in Israel

The Victims of Acts of Terror Memorial in Israel (Hebrew: אנדרטת חללי פעולות האיבה, Andartat Halalei Pe'ulot HaEiva) is a memorial to all victims of terrorism in Israel from 1851 onward. The memorial is located at the National Civil Cemetery of the State of Israel in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. The memorial includes the names of Jewish and non-Jewish people who have been killed in acts of terror. 


Dalton's law

In chemistry and physics, Dalton's law states that the total pressure of a gas mixture is equal to the sum of the pressure that each gas would exert (give out) independently. This law was observed by John Dalton in 1801.

Eretz Israel Museum

The Eretz Israel Museum is an archeological, historical and anthropological museum in Tel Aviv. It is dedicated to history of Jewish life in the Land of Israel before 1948. The museum has some pavilions and a large archaeological park. 


Marina Diamandis

Marina Lambrini Diamandis (born 10 October 1985), better known by her stage name Marina, is a Welsh singer-songwriter. She rose to fame after placing second in the BBC Sound of 2010 poll behind Ellie Goulding in the United Kingdom.

Her debut album "The Family Jewels" was released in 2010, which contained five singles. The album reached number five upon release in the UK. Lead single "Mowgli's Road" was re-released in November 2009 whilst Marina was working on the album. Second single "Hollywood" peaked at number 12 in the UK Singles Chart. Third and fourth singles "I Am Not A Robot" and "Oh No!" became other top forty hits. Fifth and final single "Shampain" was released in October 2010.

Marina released the single "Radioactive" in October 2011 as a lead single for her second album "Electra Heart", and it became her fourth top forty single. "Primadonna" was used as the lead single instead in April 2012 and achieved worldwide success. Marina released "Electra Heart" in the UK a week after the release of the song. It debuted at number one in the UK whilst "Primadonna" reached number eleven. "Power & Control" was released only in the UK as a second single.

Marina's third studio album, 'FROOT' was released 13 March 2015 following the leak of the whole album in February of that year. Many critics named this the best album ever released in terms of lyrics, production and general aesthetic.

On 16 July 2014, Marina published the bridge of the absolute tune, 'I'm Not Hungry Anymore', on Instagram, which many hoped would appear in FROOT repackage. Unfortunately not. However, in 2017 the whole song was leaked and revealed to be an absolute bop.

In 2016, Marina joined Clean Bandit at Coachella, performing 'Disconnect' which would be released as a single in 2017, after some (limited) request from the fanbase. 

Mid-2018 Marina began teasing her upcoming album, posting a cute note on twitter and Instagram saying new album will come in Autumn. To mixed reception, she announced a collaboration called 'Someone Else's Baby' with Clean Bandit, who you may recall she performed with in 2016 and her boyfriend, Jack Patterson, is in it. She also teased some lyrics to what would soon become 'Orange Trees', released in 2019. 
To mark a new stage in her career, Diamandis announced via Twitter in 2018 that she would be dropping her "and the Diamonds" moniker to release music as simply "Marina", explaining that "It took me well over a year to figure out that a lot of my identity was tied up in who I was as an artist and there wasn't much left ..

In February 2019, Marina announced her fourth and most recent studio album and tour, 'Love + Fear', to be released on 26th April 2019, an album of two 8 song discs. However, to much surprise she released the 'Love' half, on 4th April 2019, at 4pm on a Thursday! (UK time). 'Fear' was released as planned on 26th April. 'Love + Fear' reached number 1 in 6 countries on release day, including Russia and Greece. It reached number 3 in the UK on the ITunes album chart.

Marina is classed as a New Wave artist by critics. She is mostly known for her pop, electronic and more alternative music.

Diamandis was born in Abergavenny, Wales. Her mother is Welsh and her father is Greek. Her parents separated when Marina was sixteen and she moved to Greece to live with her father but returned to Wales two years later.

Marina first used MySpace to release music and she released two EPs before releasing her debut album. She was signed to Neon Records in 2008.

Marina says her old stage name "Marina and the Diamonds" represents her fans and her surname rather than her backing band.

Albums

EPs

Singles

Roy E. Disney

Roy Edward Disney (January 10, 1930 – December 16, 2009) was an American animator and executive for The Walt Disney Company. He is the nephew of Walt Disney. Disney is the last member of the Disney family. He and Michael Eisner are one of the most well known people in the Disney industry. Disney had about 1.2 million dollars.

Disney was born on January 10, 1930 in Los Angeles, California to Roy O. Disney and to Edna Francis. He was raised in Los Angeles, California and in Chicago, Illinois.

He studied at the Buckley School and at Pomona College. He was married to Patricia Ann Dailey from 1955 until they divorced in 2007. Then he was married to Leslie DeMeuse from 2008 until his death in 2009. He had three children with Dailey.

Disney died on the morning of December 16, 2009 from stomach cancer in Newport Beach, California, aged 79. After his death, his remains were cremated and his ashes were scattered at the Pacific Ocean.


Volcani Institute of Agricultural Research

The Volcani Institute of Agricultural Research (Hebrew: מכון וולקני) is an agricultural research center named after its founder and director Yitzhak Elazari Volcani. The Institute is located in Rishon LeZion, Israel. 


Academy of the Hebrew Language

The Academy of the Hebrew Language (, "HaAkademya laLashon ha'Ivrit") is the main institution of the Hebrew language. The academy was started in 1890 as the "Hebrew Language Committee" in Jerusalem. In 1953 it was replaced by the "Academy of the Hebrew Language" that was established in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem on the Givat Ram campus.

The Family Jewels (album)

The Family Jewels is an album released by Marina and the Diamonds on 15 February 2010. It has received mostly positive reviews scoring 68/100 on Metacritic.

It debuted at number five on the UK Albums Chart, selling 27,618 copies in its first week. It also peaked at number 7 in Greece, 9 in Ireland and 20 on the European Top 100 Albums Chart. The album gave Marina three top forty singles in the UK.


Only in UK and Ireland:

Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities

Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities is the supreme institution for sciences and humanities in Israel. Its headquarters are located in Jerusalem.



Electra Heart (album)

Electra Heart is an album released by Marina and the Diamonds on 27 February 2012. It was met with average reviews, scoring 57/100 on Metacritic.

Marina has released a series of seven videos on YouTube surrounding the release of "Electra Heart". Part 2, 4, 6 and 7 are music videos to singles released from the album.

The album entered at number one in the United Kingdom (selling 21,358 copies) and Ireland. It also peaked at number 2 on the US Dance/Electronic Albums chart, whilst reaching the top twenty in three other countries. It also reached number 31 on the US Billboard 200.



Gentianaceae

Gentianaceae are a family of flowering plants of 87 genera and over 1500 species.

Distribution is cosmopolitan. The family consists of trees, shrubs and herbs showing a wide range of colours and floral patterns.

Economically, some species are cultivated ornamental plants and many species yield bitter principles used medicinally and in flavorings.

Many of this group are mycoheterotrophs: their roots need fungi to break down organic material for them to absorb.

Total Drama

Total Drama is an american animated television series in the United States that have below the airdates listed in the table with currently six "Total Drama" seasons in the series.

The show first premiered on TeleToon on July 8, 2007, it was shown on Cartoon Network on June 5, 2008., It became the Biggest franchise of Canada on August 29, 2009, it has been premiering on 100 countries or 188 countries.

The show premiered on Pop on Pop Max( formerly Kix )with some episodes of Total Dramarama, while it's reboot on CBBC is still in the UK.

Fresh TV announced they made a show with some adults while it's owners: Voodoo, Teletoon and Warner Bros. Discovery.

List of Total Drama episodes

This article contains a list of all the episodes to the "Total Drama" series in the American cable television channel, Cartoon Network. 

This series has six seasons: Every season has 27 episodes although a special episode is sometimes added as a transition from two seasons to another. Although the third season only has 26 episodes and the fourth season only has 14 episodes and for the fifth and sixth season only has 13 episodes. 

In the Cartoon Network release, in the beginning of each episode, Chris McLean narrates a voice introduction with a written disclaimer as follows: ""This episode of Total Drama contains scenes of extreme stunts performed by animated teens. Do not try any of what you see here at home. Seriously, you could get really messed up."" and laughs. In the United States, Cartoon Network creates a disclaimer with a TV-PG-D rating before the previous show's recap. 

The episodes in the series are listed and ordered in their original American titles and numbers.

Source for table:

Key:

This is a brief summary displaying all the airdates by month for the entire "Total Drama" series throughout the years.
The series is only designed to have one commercial break on every episode; this is seen by the episode fading in and fading out at the middle of each episode, while Chris (or Geoff in the Aftermath episodes) says a line (like ""We'll be right back!"", for example) right before the screen fades. Originally, Cartoon Network, they have two or sometimes three commercial breaks on each episode, resulting in an edit-out and interrupting the main plot of that episode. One example is when a contestant, or a team, wins a certain challenge, and then all of a sudden, the screen fades and a commercial pops out. Usually, Chris is supposed to warn the viewers that a commercial break is coming, and says so before the fade-in, this scene is only shown on the middle of each episode, which is a perfect place for a commercial break for Cartoon Network.

In almost every episode, there is an elimination. The tables below display all the ranks and eliminations of all the contestants throughout the entire series.
In almost every episode, there is an elimination in the tables below display all the ranks and eliminations of all the contestants throughout the entire series.


Gatka

Gatka is a South Asian martial art most commonly practised in the Punjab region. Though today generally identified with Punjabi Sikhs, it has traditionally been practiced by other ethno-cultural groups in Pakistan such as the Tanolis and Hindkowans.

The word "gatka" properly refers to the wooden sticks which were originally used for sparring in this sport although now a range of other weapons are also employed. 

Gatka can be practiced either as a contact sport ("khel") or ritual/ceremonial demonstration ("rasmi").

Maliar

The Maliars are an ethnic group, or people, mostly inhabiting the Northern districts of Punjab (Pakistan) and the lower plains of the Hazara Division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. 

The Maliars are by and large an agrarian people and most still work as farm tenants and small peasant farmers. The term or name 'Maliar' itself derived from the Punjabi language word that means 'gardener' and 'cultivator'. 

Almost all the Maliars are Muslims. 

Michael Eisner

Michael Dammann Eisner (born March 7, 1942) is an American executive of The Walt Disney Company from 1984 through 2005.

Eisner was born on March 7, 1942 in Mount Kisco, New York. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Eisner studied at The Lawrenceville School and at Denison University. He has been married to Jane Breckenridge since 1967. They have three children. He now lives in Los Angeles, California.


Rita Ora

Rita Sahatçiu Ora (born 26 November 1990) is an Albanian singer-songwriter and actress based in the United Kingdom. 

In 2004, Ora appeared in the British movie "Spivs". Ora played Mia Grey in the 2015 movie "Fifty Shades of Grey". In 2019, she will appeared in the movie "".

In 2009, she auditioned for "Eurovision: Your Country Needs You" on BBC One to be the British contestant for the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest. She later quit the competition. The same year, Ora made a cameo on Jay-Z's video for "Young Forever" and "Over" by Drake. Ora caught the attention of Jay-Z and he signed her to Roc Nation, for which she was featured in a commercial for Roc Nation + Skullcandy Aviator Headphones.

Her first album "Ora" was released in August 2012 and entered the charts at number one in the UK and number two in Ireland. Four singles have been released which appear on the album. "Hot Right Now" featured Rita Ora's vocals and entered at number one in the UK in March 2012. Rita was the lead artist on "R.I.P" and "How We Do (Party)", which also entered the UK charts at number one. Her single "I Will Never Let You Down" also reached number one in 2014. So far in the UK she became the first artist to appear on four top 10 singles in 2012.

In 2012, Rita Ora was a guest judge on "The X Factor." She returned to the show in 2016 as a permanent judge for that year's season. She has also been one of the four celebrity panellists on the UK version of "Masked Singer". She was also a coach on "The Voice". Ora was also an interval act in the first semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2023. 

Rita Ora was born in 1990 in Pristina, Kosovo to Albanian parents and moved to London in the same year.

In 2012, Ora dated Rob Kardashian. From 2013 to 2014, Ora dated Calvin Harris. The artist is currently married to Taika Waititi.

"As featured artist"
"As main artist"

Comilla Jagannath Temple

Comilla Jagannath Temple is a Hindu temple in Comilla, in southeastern Bangladesh. Its terracotta brick construction is in the typical Bengal style of temple architecture. The temple was originally built in the 16th century by Sree Sreejoktou Moharaja Rada Kishor Manikuo Bahadur, who was the king of Tripura. The statues of the deities of Jagannath, Balabhadra and Subhadra were originally installed in a temple in Tripura from where they were subsequently shifted to this temple.


Wingu Tingima

Wingu Tingima (died 8 March 2010) was an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She was born in Great Victoria Desert, and grew up living a traditional way of life in the bush, without any contact with Western civilisation. A member of the Pitjantjatjara people, she painted spiritual stories from her Dreaming. Along with her friend and colleague Eileen Yaritja Stevens, Wingu became one of the most well-known artists to paint in the style of the Western Desert.

Although she only began painting less than 10 years before her death, Wingu's work is now held in many of Australia's major art collections, including the National Gallery of Australia and the state galleries of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, the Northern Territory and Western Australia.

Wingu was born in the late 1910s or early 1920s. She was born at Nyumun, a rock hole in the Great Victoria Desert in Western Australia. This is a sacred site for Pitjantjatjara men, and it is associated with the (Eagle Dreaming). She grew up living a semi-nomadic way of life with her family in the country around Kuru Ala, very close to her place of birth. This is a sacred place for the Kungkarungkara (Seven Sisters Dreaming), which Wingu would later feature in many of her most important paintings.

Wingu was involved in traditional desert craft from a young age. Her mother and her aunts taught her how to weave hair-string belts and ' (head rings) from hair, fur, feathers and spinifex. She also learned to spin hair-string on a traditional hand-held spindle, and carve wooden tools such as "wana" (digging sticks), "piti" (bowls), "wira" (digging scoops), and ' (basins for collecting seeds). At ceremonies with other Aṉangu families, she and the other girls would paint each other in ritual designs.

When she was older, Wingu and her parents travelled by foot to settle in the mission at Ernabella, with many other Pitjantjatjara families. Wingu worked there spinning sheep's wool to make rugs and other things for the mission. While living at Ernabella, Wingu became close friends with Eileen Yaritja Stevens; the two of them would later work together closely.

After the community of Irrunytju was established in the 1980s, Wingu moved there with her family to be closer to her home country. Stevens moved to Nyapaṟi with her own family, and Wingu spent most of her life between the two communities. Wingu's son, Winmati Roberts, became married to Eileen's daughter, Yaritji Stevens. As the two elder women's success in the art business increased, they became the main providers of income for their intermingled families. Several of their grandchildren are now also painters.

The community co-operative Irrunytju Arts was opened in 2001, and Wingu was one of its first artists. She achieved success soon after, and she had her first exhibition in Melbourne in 2002. In the same year, she was also featured in the annual "Desert Mob" exhibition in Alice Springs. Her work from this exhibition was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award (NATSIAA) in 2003. Even in her earliest work, Wingu's style was unique and stood out strongly against the styles of the other artists at Irrunytju. She used lighter shades of colour with curvier lines, while other artists at the centre were experimenting with bright colours and block shapes.

Wingu began to work in Nyapaṟi from 2006, when the community established Tjungu Palya. Wingu came to support the new centre as a working artist, while still continuing to paint for Irrunytju as well. One of Wingu's earliest works at Tjungu Palya was chosen as a finalist for that year's NATSIAA. Wingu came to work primarily in Nyapaṟi during the next few years.

Most of the time, Wingu would paint alongside her friend Eileen. The two women often shared creative ideas, and travelled to exhibitions together. Eileen died in 2008, and Wingu left Nyapaṟi; as is custom among Western Desert people, the grieving move away from the place where the dead had lived. Wingu moved back to Irrunytju and continued to work there. She continued to achieve success until her death. She died on 8 March 2010, estimated to be aged around 90.

Wingu's painting focused on her spirituality, depicting the Dreaming stories (') associated with her country. Most of her paintings are about the Kungkarungkara (', or Seven Sisters). This "Tjukurpa" is closely associated with the sacred women's place of Kuru Ala, where Wingu grew up. According to the story, the seven sisters stopped at Kuru Ala while they were travelling through the area in the Dreamtime. They were running away from a lustful man who was trying to catch them. He had supernatural powers and could transform himself into many things. There are many different versions of the story, but Kuru Ala is said to be the place where the man tricked the sisters by turning himself into a fruit tree. The story comes from a group of stars; the sisters are the Pleiades, and the man chasing them is Orion.

Although she used traditional images, patterns and icons to paint these stories, Wingu's artwork did not illustrate them explicitly or in a way that is recognisable. The images are always obscured and the meaning hidden. She combined many styles together, including ancient desert imagery that had been passed down to her through sand drawings, rock art and body painting, but by using modern tools and techniques. One critic notes that her style would change depending on where she was painting; her brush-strokes and choice of colour differing between Tjungu Palya and Irrunytju Arts.

Wingu's paintings of the Kungkarungkara story were chosen as finalists in the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Awards in 2003, 2006, and 2008.

In 2009, Wingu's work was shown in New York City as part of the exhibition "I Have a Dream", an international tribute to Martin Luther King, Jr.. Her artwork has been exhibited in many other cities, including Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth, Alice Springs, Broome, Darwin and Singapore. Her work is held in the Gallery of Western Australia, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory, Art Gallery of New South Wales, the National Gallery of Victoria, the National Gallery of Australia, and the Australian National University.

Andrew Ebbett

Andrew Ebbett (born January 2, 1983 in Vernon, British Columbia) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Anaheim Ducks, Chicago Blackhawks, Minnesota Wild, Phoenix Coyotes, Vancouver Canucks, and the Pittsburgh Penguins. He also played for SC Bern of the National League A (NLA) and the EHC Red Bull München of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). He played college hockey with the University of Michigan for 4 seasons before entering the NHL. He signed a one-year contract worth $525,000 with the Vancouver Canucks on July 1, 2011.

Diane Downs

Elizabeth Diane Frederickson Downs (born August 7, 1955) is an American convicted murderer. She was born Elizabeth Diane Frederickson in Phoenix, Arizona. In Oregon on May 19, 1983, she shot her three children and then shot herself in the arm. On June 17, 1984, she was convicted of murder, attempted murder and assault and sentenced to life imprisonment. Downs has been diagnosed with three cluster B personality disorders: antisocial, histrionic and narcissistic. 

The movie Small Sacrifices is about her. 

ICloud

iCloud is a cloud storage and cloud computing service from Apple Inc.. It was launched on October 12, 2011. As of July 2012, the service has more than 150 million users.

Hebrew University of Jerusalem

The Hebrew University of Jerusalem (, ; abbreviated HUJI) is a university in Israel. It is the country's second-oldest university. It was established in 1918, 30 years before the State of Israel.

It was the first university to open in Israel with three campuses. Its campuses are on Mount Scopus, in Givat Ram and Ein Karem.


Greg Jennings

Gregory Jennings, Jr. (born September 21, 1983 in Kalamazoo, Michigan) is a wide receiver. He plays for the Green Bay Packers of the NFL. He played college football at Western Michigan University. He was drafted in the second round of the 2006 NFL Draft.

Jennings played three sports in high school, football, basketball, and track. He played many football positions, including wide receiver, running back, linebacker and defensive back.

Greg Jennings decided to go to Western Michigan University. He finished his career there with 238 receptions for 3539 yards and 39 touchdowns. In his second year, he broke an ankle bone, and had to miss eight games. He graduated from the college in 2010.

Jennings declared for the NFL Draft in 2006. He was chosen by the Packers with the 52nd pick in the 2006 NFL Draft. In his fourth game, Jennings caught Brett Favre's 400th touchdown pass. He was voted Rookie of the Week that week. Jennings finished the season with 45 catches for 632 yards and 3 touchdowns. His next season was better, with twelve touchdowns and 932 yards. After his first thousand yard season in 2009, Jennings got a 26.35 million dollar contract. In 2010 and 2011, Jennings made the Pro Bowl. He also played in the Super Bowl in 2010, where he had two touchdowns in a Packers victory. He had to miss most of the 2011 and 2012 seasons with injuries.

Don Messick

Donald Earl "Don" Messick (September 7, 1926 – October 24, 1997) was an American actor. He was the voice of Scooby-Doo in "Scooby-Doo", Bam Bam Rubble in "The Flintstones", Astro the Dog in "The Jetsons", Muttley the Dog in "Wacky Races", Papa Smurf in "The Smurfs", and as Dr. Quest in "Johnny Quest".

Messick was born on September 7, 1926 in Buffalo, New York. He was married to Helen Marie McHugh from 1949 until his death in 1997. Messick died on October 24, 1997 from a stroke in Salinas, California, aged 71.



Don Hewitt

Donald Shepard "Don" Hewitt (December 14, 1922 – August 19, 2009) was an American television producer. He was known for creating "60 Minutes". He also produced the first televised presidential debate in 1960.

Hewitt was born on December 14, 1922 in New York City, New York. He was raised in New York, New York. He studied at Rochelle High School and New York University.

He was married to Mary Weaver from 1945 until they divorced in 1963. Then he was married to Frankie Hewitt from 1963 until they divorced in 1974. Then he was married to Mariyln Berger from 1979 until his death in 2009. They have three children and one is adopted.

Hewitt died on August 19, 2009 from pancreatic cancer in his home in Bridgehampton, New York, aged 86.


Robert Wuhl

Robert Wuhl (born October 9, 1951) is an American movie, television, stage, voice actor, comedian, and writer who is known for his roles in "Arliss", "Batman", "Mistress", and in "Police Squad!". He has won an Emmy Award in 1991.

Wuhl was born on October 9, 1951 in Union Township, New Jersey. He studied at Union High School and in the University of Houston. He married Barbara Koldys Capelli in 1983.

Ross Perot

Henry Ross Perot (June 27, 1930 – July 9, 2019) was an American businessman. He founded Electronic Data Systems in 1962. He ran for president in 1992 and in 1996. Both times he lost to Bill Clinton. Perot had about 3.5 billion dollars. In 2012, he was ranked by "Forbes" as the 101st-richest person in the United States.

Perot was born on June 27, 1930 in Texarkana, Texas. He studied at Texas High School, at Texarkana Junior College and at the United States Naval Academy. Perot married Margot Birmingham in 1956. They had five children and 16 grandchildren.

In 2012, Perot endorsed Mitt Romney for President.

Perot died on July 9, 2019 at his home in Dallas from leukemia at the age of 89.


Cover Drive

Cover Drive were a four-piece band from Barbados consisting of Amanda Reifer, T-Ray Armstrong, Barry "Bar-Man" Hill and Jamar Harding.

The band began by performing covers of popular songs and posting them on Youtube. The band was signed by record label Global Talent, part of Polydor Records. They were an opening act for Rihanna on her Loud Tour.

Amanda met T-Ray when she became his babysitter. T-Ray was in the same year at school as Jamar although not in the same school. Amanda met Bar-Man at college because they were in the same year.

They were signed to Polydor Records in April 2011. Their album "Bajan Style" contained four singles. "Lick Ya Down", "Twilight" and "Sparks" all entered the top ten in the United Kingdom whilst "Explode" peaked at number 29. The album itself peaked at number 14 on release on 7 May 2012.

They also appeared on Far East Movement's single "Turn Up The Love" which peaked at number 13 in the UK and in the top twenty in six other countries.

2004 NFL Draft

In 2004, the thirty two teams of the NFL got together and held the sixty eighth yearly NFL Draft, where each of them chose college players to play for their team. It was held at Madison Square Garden in New York on April 24 and 25. The draft was shown on ESPN. There were 255 choices in the draft.

The draft started with the San Diego Chargers picking Eli Manning. He was traded to the New York Giants a short time later. There were 32 picks given to 16 teams because they lost free agents that offseason. The teams with the most compensatory picks were the Philadelphia Eagles, St. Louis Rams, and New York Jets, each with four. There were several records during the draft: the most wide receivers selected in the first round (7), and the most trades in the first round (28). The University of Miami had six players chosen in the first round. Ohio State set an NFL draft record having 14 players picked in all rounds. As of 2012, this draft also has another records: it is the first draft which has had two quarterbacks who each won more than one Super Bowl (with Ben Roethlisberger winning his second in 2008 and Eli Manning winning his second in 2011). The positions of the players in the draft were:

Qazigund

Qazigund () is a notified town of the Anantnag District, Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Abbaspur

Abbaspur () is a town of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It is in Poonch district.

King Peak

King Peak (or Mount King) is the fourth highest mountain in Canada. It is also the ninth highest peak in North America. It is located just west of Mount Logan, and is considered a one of the outlying peaks of that massive mountain.

The first people to climb King Peak were some students from the University of Alaska, in 1952. They climbed from the foot of Quartz Ridge, where most of their supplies had been dropped in by a plane. They reached Camp 2, on the west ridge, on 3 June. They waited two days for a storm to pass, and then two of them set out for the summit, while a third had to stay in camp because of a knee injury. They reached the top on 6 June.

Lovebird

A lovebird (Agapornis) is a type of parrot. There are nine species. They are a social and affectionate small parrot. Seven species are native to Africa, and the Grey-headed lovebird is native to Madagascar. 

Their common name comes from the parrots' strong, monogamous pair bonding and the long time the pairs spend sitting together. Lovebirds live in small flocks and eat fruit, vegetables, grass and seeds. Black-winged lovebirds also eat insects and figs. Black-collared lovebirds have a special dietary requirement for native figs: this makes them more difficult to keep in captivity.

Patrick Leahy

Patrick Joseph "Pat" Leahy (born March 31, 1940) is an American politician and part-time actor. He became a United States Senator from Vermont in 1975. He retired in 2023.

Leahy has appeared in three Batman movies "Batman & Robin", "The Dark Knight", and in "The Dark Knight Rises". He was also the voice of a Senator in "". He supports gay marriage and LGBT rights.

On December 17, 2012 after the death of Daniel Inouye, Leahy became the new President pro tempore of the United States Senate. After Inouye's death, Leahy is now the most senior Democrat in the United States. Leahy is currently the longest serving senator in the United States. He took office at a younger age than any other current senator. On January 3, 2015, Orrin Hatch succeeded Leahy as President pro tempore of the United States Senate. He was honored with the title "President pro tempore emeritus" soon afterwards. In 2021 after Democrats gained control of the U.S. Senate, Leahy became President pro tempore of the United States Senate again.

On January 25, 2021, it was announced that Leahy would be the presiding officer of Donald Trump's second impeachment trial. In November 2021, he announced that he would not run for re-election and his retirement from the Senate, officially on January 3, 2023.

Leahy was born in Montpelier, Vermont, the son of Alba (née Zambon) and Howard Francis Leahy, a printer. His grandparents came to Vermont from Ireland and Italy during the 19th century to work at quarries.
Leahy graduated from Saint Michael's College in 1961 and received his J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center in 1964. He practiced as a lawyer until he was elected as State's Attorney of Chittenden County in 1966 and re-elected in 1970.

Leahy was elected to the United States Senate for the first time in 1974, succeeding retiring 34-year incumbent George Aiken. At 34 years old, he was the youngest Senator in Vermont history. Leahy was nearly defeated in 1980 by Republican Stewart Ledbetter, winning by only 2,700 votes amid Ronald Reagan's landslide victory. In 1986, he faced what was on paper an even stronger challenger in former governor Richard Snelling, but Leahy turned back this challenge, taking 63 percent of the vote. In 1992, he faced another opponent in Secretary of State of Vermont Jim Douglas, winning by 11 points.

Leahy was the first non-Republican Senator from Vermont since 1856. To this day, he is the only Democrat ever elected to the Senate from Vermont. He is technically one of only three Democrats to represent Vermont in either house of Congress since the end of the Civil War.

March 2004, Leahy and Orrin Hatch introduced the Pirate Act backed by the RIAA. In July 2004, Leahy and Hatch introduced the INDUCE Act. Both were aimed at combating copyright infringement.

On November 2, 2004, Leahy easily defeated his opponent, businessman Jack McMullen, with 70.6 percent of the vote. On January 5, 2005, Leahy was sworn in for his sixth term in the Senate by Cheney.

On September 21, 2005, Leahy announced his support for John Roberts to be Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court. On January 19, 2006, Leahy announced that he would vote against Judge Samuel Alito to be a justice on the Supreme Court.

On January 18, 2007, Leahy received widespread coverage for his cross-examination of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales about the Maher Arar affair and the extraordinary rendition of Arar to Syria.

Upon the death of Senate President pro tempore Daniel Inouye on December 17, 2012, Leahy became the most senior senator in the majority party, and was elected as the new President pro tempore by unanimous consent.

On January 3, 2015, Orrin Hatch succeeded Leahy as President pro tempore of the United States Senate. He was honored with the title "President pro tempore emeritus" soon afterwards.

On January 20, 2021, Leahy became President pro tempore again since Democrats won control of the U.S. Senate.

On January 25, 2021, it was announced that Leahy would be the presiding officer at Donald Trump's second impeachment trial, becoming the first senator to preside over a president's impeachment trial.

On November 15, 2021, Leahy announced that he would not seek re-election in 2022. He officially retired when his term ended on January 3, 2023.

Leahy married Marcelle Pomerleau in 1962. They live in a farmhouse in Middlesex, Vermont that they moved to from Burlington, and have three children. Leahy celebrated his fifty year anniversary with his wife, saying ‘‘We hate it when we’re apart from one another.’’ Leahy is legally blind in one eye. Leahy was targeted in an anthrax attack November 16, 2001.

On January 26, 2021, Leahy was hospitalized after feeling ill. He returned home later the same day.

In April 2023, Mayor Miro Weinberger announced that Burlington International Airport would be renamed Patrick Leahy Burlington International Airport.


Michael Bay

Michael Benjamin Bay (born February 17, 1965) is an American movie director, producer and actor. He is known for his high-budget action movies which often use a lot of special effects, especially explosions. These include "Transformers", "", "", "", "Nightmare on Elm Street", "Friday the 13th", "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre", "Bad Boys", "Pearl Harbor", and "Armageddon".

Bay was born on February 17, 1965 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at Wesleyan University. His cousin-in-law was actor Leonard Nimoy.

Bay got his start in the film industry interning with George Lucas when he was fifteen, filing the storyboards for "Raiders of the Lost Ark", which he thought was going to be terrible. His opinion changed after seeing it in the theater and he was so impressed by the experience that he decided to become a film director. He graduated from Wesleyan University in 1986, majoring in both English and Film. He was a member of the Psi Upsilon fraternity and a favorite student of film historian Jeanine Basinger. For his graduate work, he attended Art Center College of Design in Pasadena where he also studied film.

Michael Bay began working at Propaganda Films, directing commercials and music videos, two weeks after finishing his post-graduate degree. His 90-second World War II-inspired Coca-Cola advertisement was picked up by Capitol Records. His first national commercial for the Red Cross won a Clio Award in 1992.

Bay's success in music videos gained the attention of producers Jerry Bruckheimer and Don Simpson, who selected him to direct his first feature-length film, "Bad Boys". The film was shot in Miami in 1994 and starred Will Smith and Martin Lawrence. Shooting in Miami was a good experience for Bay who would later own a home in the city and spend a great deal of time there. The film was completed for $19 million and grossed $141 million at the box office in the summer of 1995. Bay's success led to a strong partnership and friendship with Jerry Bruckheimer.

His follow-up film, "The Rock" (1996), was an action movie set on Alcatraz Island, and in the San Francisco Bay area. It starred Sean Connery, Nicolas Cage and Ed Harris. Connery and Cage won 'Best On-Screen Duo' at the MTV Movie Awards in 1997 and the film was nominated for an Academy Award in the Best Achievement in Sound category for the work of Greg P. Russell, Kevin O'Connell, and Keith A. Wester.

In 1998, Bay collaborated with Jerry Bruckheimer again, this time as a co-producer, as well as directing the action-adventure film "Armageddon". The film, about a group of tough oil drillers who are sent by NASA to deflect an asteroid away from a collision course with Earth, starred Bruce Willis, Billy Bob Thornton, Ben Affleck and Liv Tyler. It was nominated for 4 Oscars at the 71st Academy Awards including Best Sound, Best Visual Effects, Best Sound Editing, and Best Original Song. The film earned 9.6 million dollars on its opening day and a total of 36.5 million through the first weekend. The production budget, $140 million, was one of the highest of the summer of 1998. "Armageddon" went on to gross over $553 million worldwide.

In 2001, Bay directed "Pearl Harbor". It starred Ben Affleck, Josh Hartnett, Kate Beckinsale and Cuba Gooding, Jr. Bay produced the film with Jerry Bruckheimer. The film received four Academy Award nominations, including Best Sound, Best Visual Effects, Best Sound Editing and Best Song. "Pearl Harbor" won in the category for Sound Editing. Michael Bay also directed the music video for nominated track "There You'll Be" by vocal artist Faith Hill. Despite all the criticisms that Michael Bay had received through the film, "Pearl Harbor" remained in the major blockbuster list, as it featured a plot which the viewers, especially young audiences, can relate with, and special effects which made the movie very realistic.

Bay reteamed with Will Smith and Martin Lawrence for "Bad Boys II", an event which also marked Bay's fifth collaboration with Jerry Bruckheimer. The film grossed $138 million domestically, enough to cover the production budget, and $273 million worldwide, almost twice as much as the first movie.

In 2005, Bay directed "The Island", a science-fiction film starring Ewan McGregor and Scarlett Johansson. It was the first film Michael Bay made without Jerry Bruckheimer. "The Island" cost $126 million to produce. It earned $46 million domestically and $172 million worldwide. Bay said he was not comfortable with the domestic marketing campaign as it confused the audience as to the true subject of the film.

In 2007, he directed and teamed up with Steven Spielberg to produce "Transformers", a live action film based on the Transformers franchise. The film was released in the U.S. and Canada on July 3, 2007, with 8 p.m. preview screenings on July 2. The previews earned $8.8 million, and in its first day of general release it grossed $27.8 million, a record for Tuesday box office attendance. It broke the record held by Spider-Man 2 for the biggest July 4 gross, making $29 million. On its opening weekend, "Transformers" grossed $70.5 million, amounting to a $155.4 million opening week, giving it the record for the biggest opening week for a non-sequel. As of November 2007, the film has made over $319 million domestically and over $708 million worldwide.

Bay returned as director and executive producer for "", which was released on June 24, 2009 and went on to gross over $832 million worldwide. Although it received mostly negative reviews by critics, including aggressively critical reviews by American film critics such as Roger Ebert, Michael Phillips and David Denby (who referred to Bay as "stunningly, almost viciously, untalented"), the film was well received by its intended audience and was one of the highest-grossing films of 2009. In 2010, it earned seven Golden Raspberry Award nominations and won three: Worst Picture, Worst Director and Worst Screenplay.

Bay directed "", released on June 28, 2011. He may direct a sequel to the "Bad Boys" franchise or a "small" film he's been developing for years, tentatively called "Pain & Gain". The true crime story, based on events described in a Miami Herald article written by Pete Collins, concerns a group of bumbling bodybuilders working together to commit a robbery.

Bay produced DreamWorks' "I Am Number Four", based on a series of novels by Pittacus Lore published by HarperCollins Children's Books. D. J. Caruso ("Eagle Eye", "Disturbia") directed.

Even though most his movies have made a lot of money, many movie critics do not like his work. He has often been made fun of and/or named as the worst working director. He has consistently topped or appeared in Worst Directors lists by users on Internet Movie Database (IMDB). In response to the criticism, Bay has said: "I make movies for teenage boys. Oh, dear, what a crime."


Persimmon

A persimmon is a fruit that people can eat. The ripe fruit ranges from light yellow-orange to dark red-orange depending on the species and variety. Persimmons come from a species of tree in the genus "Diospyros". A ripe persimmon tends to have an orange jelly-like inside that is usually very sweet, or a more mild taste and mango like texture depending on variety or species. 

Shimla Hill

Mount Shimla or Shimla Hill (or "Shimla Pahari" in the local Hindko dialect) is a mountain or hill to the west of Abbottabad, Pakistan. It is not to be confused with Simla in Himachal Pradesh, India. 

Shimla

Shimla, also known as Simla, is the capital city of the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. The city is up in the mountains at around 2,200 metres (approximately 7,234 feet). Shimla is a popular tourist destination in India.

In 1864, Shimla was made the summer capital of British India. After Indian independence, the city became the capital of Punjab and was later named the capital of Himachal Pradesh. It is the main commercial, cultural and educational centre of Himachal Pradesh.

Pakistan Military Academy

The Pakistan Military Academy (also known as PMA or PMA Kakul) is a military training academy. It is located at Kakul near Abbottabad, Pakistan. It provides training to the officers of the Pakistan Army. 

The Pakistan Military Academy was established in the year 1948. Before Partition of British India and the Independence of Pakistan in 1947, the location had been used as the PT and Mountaineering School of the British Indian Army, on the site of an old POW Camp for prisoners from the Boer War. Later it became the premises of the Royal Indian Army Service Corps (RIASC).

Brush-tailed rock-wallaby

The brush-tailed rock-wallaby or small-eared rock-wallaby ("Petrogale penicillata") is a kind of wallaby. It is one of several rock-wallabies in the genus "Petrogale". It lives in the rocks and cliffs of the Australia's Great Dividing Range from about north-west of Brisbane to the Grampians in south west Victoria. Its habitats include rainforest and dry sclerophyl forests. Numbers of brush-tailed rock-wallabies have gone down in the south and west of its range. It remains locally common in northern New South Wales and southern Queensland. In Victoria the species is nearly extinct with only four in the Grampians National Park, and 20 in East Gippsland. In 1988 at Jenolan caves in New South Wales, about 80 wallabies were released into the forest, but by 1992 there were only seven left.

In the late 1800s, Governor Grey introduced this and four other species of wallabies (including the rare parma wallaby) to islands in Hauraki Gulf, near Auckland, New Zealand, where they became well-established. In modern times, the wallabies have come to be viewed as exotic pests. They have caused problems for the native plants and animals and are being removed from the islands. Between 1967 and 1975, 210 rock-wallabies were captured on Kawau Island and returned to Australia, along with thousands of other wallabies. Rock-wallabies were removed from Rangitoto and Motutapu Islands during the 1990s. Another 33 rock-wallabies were captured on Kawau during the 2000s, and returned to Australia.

In 2003 some Kawau brush-tails were relocated to the Waterfall Springs Conservation Park north of Sydney, New South Wales, for captive breeding purposes.

Two wallabies escaped in 1916 on the island of Oahu in Hawaii. There is now a small breeding population.


Courtship in animals

Courtship in animals is the behaviour by which different species select their partners for reproduction. Usually, the male starts the courtship, and the female chooses to either mate or reject the male based on his "performance".

Many animals have mate-selection courtship rituals. Animal courtship may involve complicated dances or touching, vocalizations, or displays of beauty or fighting prowess. One animal whose courtship rituals are well studied is the bowerbird, whose male builds a "bower" of collected objects. Another is the Great Crested Grebe, whose courtship dances were first described by Julian Huxley.

In cases like the Great Crested Grebe, the pairs form life (or at least long-lasting) partnerships. In that case, there are also pair-bonding dances throughout the mating season, and through the whole period of raising the young. If pairs get separated, there are exceptionally vigorous dances when they come together. There are a number of "dance routines" which occur in the different circumstances of life. All this behaviour is inherited, though the individual bird remembers the place and the partner permanently.

It might be thought that courtship only occurs in the kind of animals which have fairly complex brains, such as mammals and birds. This is not the case. Male "Drosophila" flies have to do a mating dance in front of the female before she will allow them to mate. If the dance is not "correct" for that species, she refuses the male. It was discovered over fifty years ago that, if the male carries a mutation which disrupts the dance, he cannot achieve mating: the females reject him. This behaviour is clearly advantageous to the female, whose genes have a better chance of contributing to the next generation if her partner is biologically fit. "Drosophila" are by no means the only insects which have mating rituals.

Sexual conflict is when the interests of males and females in reproduction are not the same: 

Mating ritual evolved because it is advantageous for females to have choice of partners. If the female has sperm from more than one male, then sperm competition comes into play. This is competition between sperms to fertilize the egg (only a single sperm achieves the union). In some insects, the male injects a cocktail of chemicals in the seminal fluid together with the sperm. The chemicals kill off older sperms (from any previous mating), up-regulates females' egg-laying rate, and reduces her desire to re-mate with another male. The cocktail also shortens the female's lifespan, so reducing her likelihood of mating with other males. Also, some females can get rid of the previous male's sperm.

After mating has taken place, males do various things to stop the female mating again. What the male does depends on the species. In some species, the male plugs the female opening after insemination. In some hymenoptera, the male provides a huge quantity of sperms, enough for the female's long life. In birds and mammals, the male may fight off other candidate males.

Thus, courtship is the visible part of a complex series of events whereby the males and females come together for mating. The continuation of pair-bonding after mating is common in birds and mammals because the survival of their genes depends on the fertilized eggs reaching maturity. If that requires support from "both" parents, the rituals are the way the pair keep connected. Established pairs, even in the Great Crested Grebe, will live as singles (often in a large group) outside the mating season.

Outcrossing is the mating of individuals that are not genetically closely related. Courtship during outcrossing faciltitates selection of a beneficial partner. The alternative mating process is inbreeding, the mating of genetically related individuals. Inbreeding leads to increased expression of deleterious traits, a phenomenon referred to as inbreeding depression. Inbreeding often occurs when outcrossing opportunities are limited. Courtship based selection of a partner is an important feature of outcrossing, but is likely less significant for inbreeding.


Roanoke Colony

Roanoke Colony was a British colony in North America that disappeared mysteriously. It is called the "Lost Colony." It was on Roanoke Island in what is today Dare County, North Carolina, in the United States. It was started in 1585 by Sir Walter Raleigh. It disappeared sometime between 1587 and 1590. Today, nobody knows what happened to the people who were living there.

On 25 March 1584, Queen Elizabeth gave Sir Walter Raleigh a charter to start a colony in North America. A "charter" is a document which gives permission from a monarch to the holder. Raleigh's charter said he could start a colony in a part of North America called "Virginia". It also said that if he did not start the colony, Raleigh would not be able to start any other colonies ever again. 

Raleigh and Queen Elizabeth hoped that the colony would be rich. They wanted it to be a base for privateering. "Privateers" are pirates who work for the government to attack ships from other countries. The English privateers from the colony would attack the Spanish ships that were carrying treasure across the Atlantic Ocean to Spain.

Raleigh sent some ships to explore North America in 1584. On 27 April 1584, Phillip Amadas and Arthur Barlowe sailed to the Eastern coast of North America. They landed on Roanoke Island on 4 July 1584. On the island they met some of the Native American people living there. The tribes they met were the Secotans and the Croatans. Barlowe took two Croatans back to England with him. They were Manteo and the chief, Wanchese. Manteo and Wanchese told Raleigh about Roanoke Island and the politics of the local tribes. Raleigh decided to send more ships back to the Island to learn more. This new expedition (trip) was led by Sir Richard Grenville.

Grenville took five ships to Roanoke: the "Tiger", "Roebuck", "Red Lion", "Elizabeth", and "Dorothy". They left from Plymouth on 9 April 1585. There was a big storm that made the "Tiger" get separated from the other ships. The captains of the ships had a plan that if the ships got separated, they would all go to Puerto Rico to meet up again. The "Tiger" arrived at the "Baye of Muskito" (Guayanilla Bay) on 11 May 1585.
Grenville and the "Tiger" waited in Puerto Rico for the other ships. While they were waiting, Grenville built a fort called Fort Elizabeth. He also did some privateering from there against the Spanish. One of the other ships, the "Elizbeth", arrived in Puerto Rico right after Fort Elizabeth was built. Grenville soon got tired of waiting for the other ships. On 7 June 1585 he left Puerto Rico and abandoned the fort. Nobody knows what happened to the fort, or where exactly it was.

The "Tiger" arrived at the Outer Banks on 26 June 1585. (The Outer Banks are islands on the coast of the Carolinas in North America. Roanoke Island is part of the Outer Banks.) The "Tiger" hit a shoal in Ocracoke Inlet. This damaged the ship and most of their food was ruined. They fixed the ship and met up with the "Roebuck" and the "Dorothy". The other ships had arrived at the islands a few weeks before. The "Red Lion" also arrived at the Outer Banks, but it dropped off its passengers and went to Newfoundland for privateering. 

The English explored some of the coast and the Native American settlements there. One of the villages they visited was called Aquascogoc. The English blamed the natives of Aquascogoc for stealing a silver cup. They destroyed the village and burned it to the ground as punishment. Aquascogoc was a village of the Croatan tribe.

Genville decided to leave some men to start a colony at the north end of Roanoke Island. He did this even though they did not have a lot of food and the Croatans were angry about Aquascogoc. Ralph Lane and 107 men were left on Roanoke Island. Grenville promised to return in April 1586 with more men and supplies. Lane and his men left for Roanoke on 17 August 1585. Lane built a small fort on Roanoke Island and explored some of the area. There are no pictures of the Roanoke fort. It was probably a lot like Fort Elizabeth on Guayanilla Bay, Puerto Rico.

Grenville did not return in April 1586. The Croatans were angry because the English had destroyed Aquascogoc, so they attacked the fort. The colonists were able to repel the attackers. (This means that the Croatan warriors didn't win the fight.) Soon after this attack, Sir Francis Drake stopped by the fort on his way back to England. The colonists agreed to go back to England with Drake. They brought with them tobacco, maize, and potatoes to Europe for the first time.

A little while after Drake left with the colonists, Grenville's ships arrived at the fort. When they got there, the fort was abandoned. Grenville decided to take his men back to England. A small number of men stayed behind to run the fort.

Sir Walter Raleigh sent 150 people to start a colony in 1587. A man named John White was in charge of the colony. John White was an artist and a friend of Raleigh. He had gone to Roanoke with Barlowe and Grenville. Raleigh told them to start a colony on the Chesapeake Bay. On the way, they were going to stop at the Roanoke fort to pick up Grenville's men and take them to the new colony. 

White's ships landed at Roanoke on 22 July 1587. They did not find any of Grenville's men at the base of the old fort. All they found was one skeleton that might have been the body of one of the Englishmen. The commander of the fleet (group of ships), Simon Fernandez, would not let the colonists get back on the ships. He said they had to start the new colony on Roanoke Island. Nobody knows exactly why he did this.

White tried to talk to the Croatans and make peace with them. The Croatans were the same tribes that Ralph Lane and his men had fought against the year before. The Croatans would not talk to White. They killed a colonist named George Howe. Howe was looking for crabs in the Albemarle Sound when he was killed.

The colonists were scared. They asked Governor White to go back to England and get help. White agreed to go. He left behind 115 colonists at Roanoke. 114 colonists had come from England with White. The last colonist was Virginia Dare. Virginia was the first English child ever born in the Americas. She was also John White's granddaughter.

Governor White left the colony in late 1587. The ship barely made it back to England. It was very dangerous to cross the Atlantic Ocean in the winter. There were bad storms and lots of heavy wind. White wanted to return to Roanoke fast with help. The captain said he would not go back during the winter because it was too dangerous. At the same time, the Spanish Armada was sailing to attack England. All English ships were sent to fight the Spanish, so there were no ships for White to sail back to Roanoke.

White found two small ships that were not being used to defend England against the Spanish Armada. He hired the ships to sail to Roanoke. They set sail in the spring of 1588. The captains of the ships were greedy. They tried to attack some Spanish ships to steal their cargo. ("Cargo" is things being carried by a ship. Cargo can be food, supplies, money, or treasure.) The Spanish ships fought White's ships and won. The Spanish took all of White's cargo. White's ships turned around and sailed back to England because they had nothing to take to the colony.

England was at war with Spain. White could not find any ships to take to Roanoke because of the fighting. After three years, White found a group of privateers who said they would take him to Roanoke. He landed on Roanoke Island on 15 August 1590. The colony was empty. All 90 men, 17 women, and 11 children were gone. There were no signs of fighting. The people had just disappeared.

The only thing White found was the word "CROATOAN" carved on a tree. The word "CRO" was carved on another tree. All of the houses and buildings had been taken apart. This means that the colonists did not leave in a hurry. 

White had told the colonists what to do if something bad happened to them. He told them to carve a Maltese Cross on a tree if someone made them leave the colony. The colonists didn't carve the cross on any of the trees. White thought that the colonists had gone to an island called Croatoan Island. (Today, Croatoan Island is called Hatteras Island.)

The men who brought White to Roanoke did not let him search Croatoan Island. They wanted to leave because there was a big storm coming. They left on 16 August 1590 and went back to England.

In 1602, Raleigh decided to find out what happened to his colony. He sent several ships to the colony. A man named Samuel Mace was in charge. Raleigh bought all of the ships and promised that the sailors would be paid. He did this so they would not go privateering on the way to Roanoke.

The ships stopped at the Outer Banks to pick up some sassafras and other aromatic woods. These plants were used to make perfume in Europe. They could be sold in England for a lot of money. By the time they finished getting the sassafras, the weather had gotten bad. The ships turned around and went back to England. They never got to Roanoke Island. Raleigh could not send any more ships to Roanoke because King James I arrested him for treason.

The Spanish also tried to go to Roanoke. They knew that Raleigh wanted to use the colony for privateering. They wanted to destroy the colony so he could not do that. The Spanish thought that the colony was a lot more successful than it really was. In 1590, the Spanish found the remains of Roanoke by accident. They didn't think it was the Roanoke Colony. They thought it was a small settlement outside of the main colony. They thought that Roanoke Colony was by the Chesapeake Bay. (That was where John White was supposed to set up the colony.) The Spanish could not get enough ships and people to look for the Roanoke colony because of the Anglo-Spanish War.

The colony was called the "Lost Colony" because no one knows what happened after 1587. There are many ideas about what might have happened. There is no proof that any of these ideas are right. It is still a mystery today. 
One idea is that the colonists went to live with the Native American tribes. They may have joined the Chowanoke tribe. The Choanoke were attacked by another tribe. The Jamestown Colony's records say that a tribe called "Mandoag" attacked the Choanoke. (Jamestown was a colony in Virginia started 20 years after Roanoke.) The word "Mandoag" is from the Algonquian language. It means 'enemy nation.' The "Mandoag" might have been the Tuscarora people or the Eno people. The historian Lee Miller wrote about this idea in the book "Roanoke: solving the mystery of the lost colony" (2000).

There is some proof for this idea. A 1607 map from Jamestown called the "Zuniga Map" had some writing on it.) The writing said "four men clothed that came from roonock" were living in an Iroquois village on the Neuse River. (The Tuscarora tribe spoke the Iroquois language.) Also, a secretary from Jamestown wrote about strange Native American villages. William Strachey wrote that there were two-story houses with stone walls in the villages of Peccarecanick and Ochanahoen. He thought that the Roanoke colonists taught the Native Americans build these kinds of buildings. 

In the late 1880s, there were Native Americans in Robeson County, North Carolina who said they were related to the Roanoke settlers. A politician from North Carolina named Hamilton McMillan learned about this claim. He found that a lot of the words in this Native American tribe's language were a lot like some old English words that are no longer used. Also a lot of the people in the tribe had family names that were the same as the names of the colonists'. McMillan thought that these Native Americans were the descendents of the Roanoke settlers. Because of this, he helped pass a bill called the "Croatan Bill" on February 10, 1885. This bill said that the Native American people in Robeson county were officially called "Croatan."

Two days after the bill, there was an article written about the tribe. It was printed in the "Fayetteville Observer" on 12 February 1885. It said that "Croatoa" was just a village and the tribe called themselves the Tuscaroras. The article also said that the tribe was always friendly to the white people of Roanoke. When they saw that there was no help coming from England, the tribe let the colonists live in their villages. Over time, the tribe left their old villages and moved to live in the center of Robeson County.

Historians are not sure that this is really what happened. There are many different Native American tribes that have legends and stories about the Roanoke Colony. There is a legend that is a lot like the Robeson County tribe about the Saponi people of Person County, North Carolina. The Saponi are now extinct (today there are no living Saponi people). The legend says that the Saponi were descended from the English colonists. When settlers met the Saponi, they were surprised to find that they already spoke English and knew about Christianity. The Saponi also had European features. (Their faces were shaped like Europeans' faces.) 

Some of the other tribes that say they are descended from the Roanoke colonists are:
The Lost Colony DNA Project was set up to test if this is true.

A historian named David Beers Quinn thinks that the Roanoke colony moved to a new place and then was destroyed. In 1607, Captain John Smith started the Jamestown Colony in Virginia. One of his jobs was to find out what happened to the Roanoke Colony. Chief Powhatan told Smith that he had killed all of the Roanoke colonists. He said that they were living with the Chesepian tribe. The Chesepians would not join Chief Powhatan's Powhatan Confederacy. Also there was a prophecy that said the Chespians would destroy Powhatan's empire.

Because of this, the Powhatan Confederacy killed all the Chesepians. Chief Powhatan showed Captain Smith proof of this. He showed Smith some iron tools made in England. The bodies of the colonists were never found. Archaeologists do not have any evidence either. 

In 1998, there was a team of scientists studying the climate (weather) of the Roanoke area. The team took cores of some 800-year-old trees on Roanoke Island. They wanted to look at the tree rings to see the history of rain and temperature over the years.

They found that the colonists had started Roanoke Colony in the middle of the worst drought in 800 years. (A "drought" is a period of time when there is very little rain.) "This drought persisted for 3 years, from 1587 to 1589, and is the driest 3-year episode in the entire 800-year reconstruction," the team wrote in the journal "Science". The drought happened in all of the southeastern United States. It was worst in the area near Roanoke Island.

The people in charge of the team were David W. Stahle and Dennis B. Blaton. Stahle was a climatologist from the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Blaton was an archaeologist from The College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia.

Governor White left some ships at the colony when he left in 1587. They had a full-rigged pinnace and some small ships. One idea is that the colonists tried to sail back to England in these ships. It could be that the ships sank and the colonists died.

Another idea is that the Spanish destroyed the colony. Earlier in the 1500s, the Spanish destroyed a French colony in South Carolina called Fort Charles. They also killed all of the people in a French colony in Florida. This is probably not what happened in Roanoke, because the Spanish were still looking for the colony in 1600.


Provisional government

A provisional government is a government set up in an emergency when a political void has been created by the collapse of a government. They are usually unelected and tend to arise after civil or foreign wars. Charles-Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord used the term in the early 19th century. The first known establishment of a provisional government was in 1869 by the Métis leader Louis Riel at the Red River Colony.

Battle of Little Round Top

The Battle of Little Round Top was part of the Battle of Gettysburg. It occurred on July 2, 1863. The troops under Joshua Chamberlain, the 20th Maine, formed the left flank for the Confederate troops. They repelled several charges by the Confederates. However, eventually Chamberlain's troops ran low on ammunition. Chamberlain ordered that the soldiers mount bayonets to their rifles and he ordered a charge down the hill against the Confederates. This charge surprised the Confederates and was successful.

The success in the Battle of Little Round Top is considered a turning-point in the Battle of Gettysburg and in the Civil War.

Jean-Charles Darmon

Jean-Charles Darmon is a French literary critic born in 1961.

Graduate in 1982 from the "École Normale Supérieure", he first teaches at Amherst College (USA).

Teacher of French literature at the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines", Honorary Member of the "Institut Universitaire de France" (2001-2006), he was head of the "École Normale Supérieure" from 2005 to 2009.

Specialized in connections between literature, philosophy and ethics in the classical age, he is the author of books on libertarianism scholar and Epicureanism, the forms of the fable or satire, from an interdisciplinary perspective.


Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Hall

The Magomayev Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Hall (Azeri: "Maqomayev adına Azərbaycan Dövlət Filarmoniyası") is the main concert hall for classical music and folk music in the capital of Azerbaijan, Baku.

The Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Hall was built between the years 1910–1912 at the request of the city elite and is designed in the Italian Renaissance (outside) and German Rococo (inside) architectural styles. Its design was influenced by the architectural style of the buildings of the Monte-Carlo Casino, particularly the Opéra de Monte-Carlo. The building was originally organized as a club for the wealthy of Baku, who attended it for banquets and entertainment. During the Russian Civil War it was a place for public rallies. In 1936, the club was officially reorganized into a residence for the philharmonic society aimed at promoting Azerbaijani classical and folk music. On 11 August 1937 after the building was renovated, it was named after the Azerbaijani composer Muslim Magomayev. In 1995, the hall was closed down for more than 8 years for another renovation. It was not until November 2002 that the restoration works finally started due to President Heydar Aliyev's special decree. The opening of the fully renovated building happened on 27 January 2004.

The main building has two halls: The Summer Hall with 1100 seats and the Winter Hall with 610 seats, which are joined by a single stage. The Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Hall is home to 7 performing groups:




Alexander Parkes

Alexander Parkes (1813 - 1890) was an English inventor. He created the earliest form of plastics which was called parkesine.

ealiest plastic which was later called super nova
Barnston

Barnston is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 850 people living in Barnston. It has a church called St Andrew.

Berden

Berden is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 427 people living in Barnston. It has a church called St Nicholas.

Birchanger

Birchanger is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 987 people living in Birchanger.

Great Canfield

Great Canfield is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 364 people living in Great Canfield. It has a church called St Mary. It includes the hamlets of Hope End Green, Canfield Hart, Bacon End and Green Street.

Accipitridae

The Accipitridae are one of the two major families in the order Accipitriformes (the diurnal birds of prey). 

They are a family of small to large birds with strongly hooked bills (beaks). They vary accordig to their diet. They feed on prey items from insects to medium-sized mammals. Some feed on carrion and a few feed on fruit. The Accipitridae have a cosmopolitan distribution, being found on all the world's continents (except Antarctica) and a number of oceanic island groups. Some species are migratory.

Many well-known birds, such as hawks, eagles, kites, harriers and Old World vultures are included in this group. The osprey is usually placed in a separate family (Pandionidae), as is the secretary bird. The New World vultures are now usually a separate family or order.

Import

An import is a raw material or a finished product that is brought into a country from abroad. For example America imports maple syrup from Canada and exports manufactured products to the Caribbean. Some Caribbean countries import nearly all their goods, paying for them with money earned through tourism, banking, and other service industries.


Semites

Semites was a word used for people who speak a Semitic language like Arabic or Hebrew. Scientists don't use the words "Semites" or "Semitic peoples" any longer, but they still speak of "Semitic languages".

The word "Semite" was taken from Shem, a son of Noah in Genesis (chapters 6-11). It was first used in the 1770s by German professors at Göttingen university.

Fazlur Khan

Fazlur Rahman Khan (ফজলুর রহমান খান) (April 3, 1929 – March 27, 1982) was a Bangladeshi-American structural engineer and architect. He and his business partner Bruce Graham are known for designing the Willis Tower and the John Hancock Center both in Chicago, Illinois. He was one of the most well-known architects in the 20th century.

Khan was born on April 3, 1929 in Dhaka, then-British India. He studied at Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology and at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.

He was married to Liselotte Khan until his wife death in 1990. 

Khan died of a heart attack on March 27, 1982 while on a trip in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, at the age of 52. He is buried at Graceland Cemetery in Chicago.


Bruce Graham

Bruce John Graham (December 1, 1925 – March 6, 2010) was a Colombian-American architect. Graham and his business partner Fazlur Khan are well known for designing the Willis Tower and the 875 North Michigan Avenue, both in Chicago, Illinois.

Graham was born to a Canadian father and to a Peruvian mother in La Cumbre, Valle del Cauca, Columbia. He was raised in Bogotá, Columbia and in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Colegio San Jose de Rio Piedras, at the University of Pennsylvania, Case School of Applied Sciences, and at University of Dayton. 

Graham died on March 6, 2010 from emphysema in Hobe Sound, Florida, aged 84. He was buried in Graceland Cemetery in Uptown, Chicago.


Oghi Tehsil

Oghi Tehsil is a "tehsil" or subdivision of the Mansehra District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan. It is in a mountainous area close to the Kala Dhaka tribal zone. The main or capital town of this tehsil is Oghi.

The large part of the population of Oghi tehsil is indigenous Swatis, Gurjars, Awans and a mixture of other smaller groups. Hindko is spoken as the main language by around 62% of the people, Pashto language by some 30% and Gojri by some 8 %.

Part of this tehsil is the Agror valley which also used to be the estate of the former Khan of Agror, a famous tribal chieftain.

Oghi

Oghi is a town in Mansehra District, of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Hubble Extreme Deep Field

The Hubble eXtreme Deep Field (XDF) is an image of a small part of space in the center of the Hubble Ultra Deep Field. It is in the direction of the constellation Fornax. The image shows the deepest optical view into space.

The "XDF" image was released on September 25, 2012. The image combined 10 years of images. It shows galaxies that are over 13.2 billion years old. The exposure time was two million seconds, or about 23 days. The least bright galaxies are one ten-billionth the brightness of what the human eye can see. Many of the smaller galaxies are very young galaxies. Some of them became the major galaxies, like the Milky Way and other galaxies in our galactic neighborhood. 

The Hubble eXtreme Deep Field adds another 5,500 galaxies to Hubble's 2003 and 2004 view into a very small part of the farthest universe.


Hypnotic

A hypnotic is a drug designed to help you sleep. It is a type of psychoactive drug which acts as a soporific, and is also used for surgical anaesthesia. Many hypnotics are addictive, and have side-effects. Because of this, most are prescribed as a last resort, and only for a short time. Rohypnol is a particularly powerful example of a hypnotic.

Anxiolytic

Anxiolytics are drugs that are used for the treatment of anxiety, and anxiety-related disorders. The common drugs can be classified:

In addition to these drug classes, there are also certain plants that have such properties. Many of the drugs listed above have side-effects. For this reason, they are only available on prescription. Certain forms of therapy have also been used to treat anxiety disorders.

Anxiolytics are said to act on key biochemical messengers in the brain and eventually decrease the abnormal excitability. The biochemical messengers or binding sites are unevenly distributed in the brain, and also said to be associated with a GABA receptor and a chloride channel.

Eileen Yaritja Stevens

Eileen Yaritja Stevens (died 19 February 2008) was an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. Although she had brief career of less than four years, she quickly became one of the most successful artists of her generation to paint in the style of the Western Desert. Her work is now held in several major public art collections across Australia.

Stevens was born some time in the 1910s. She was born at Makiri, in the north-west corner of South Australia, between what are now the communities of Kaltjiti and Watarru. Her father was a Yankunytjatjara man, and her mother was Ngaanyatjarra, but Stevens described herself as belonging to the Pitjantjatjara.

Stevens grew up in the bush, living a traditional, nomadic way of life. When she was a young woman, her family settled at Ernabella, which was a Presbyterian mission at the time. She worked there milking goats. Her husband, who she met whilst living at Ernabella, also worked there chopping trees for use in building projects. The couple later moved to Nyapaṟi after it was established in the mid-1970s. This area was her husband's Dreaming country (homeland), and although she often made visits to her own birthplace, Stevens would live at Nyapaṟi for the rest of her life.

Stevens did not begin painting professionally until 2004, very late in her life. Her husband had died by then, and Stevens had become close friends with Wingu Tingima. Tingima had already established herself as an artist in Irrunytju. The two women began to paint for Nyapaṟi's local community art centre, Tjungu Palya, after it was opened in 2006. They often painted alongside one another, sharing creative ideas and travelling to their exhibitions together. Eileen's daughter, Yaritja Stevens, was married to Tingima's son; and the two shared grandchildren. As the success of their art increased, they became the main providers of income for their combined families.

Stevens had a short career of less than four years. However, her art had immediate success. Her early works – those before Tjungu Palya – were shown in group exhibitions in Melbourne, Adelaide, Sydney and Alice Springs. Her first (and only) solo exhibition was held in October 2007, less than a year before her death. The exhibition, called ": One Woman", was held at the Vivien Anderson Gallery in Melbourne.

Stevens died on 19 February 2008, at Ernabella. Her funeral was held in Kaltjiti. Her paintings continued to be featured in many other exhibitions alongside other Tjungu Palya artists, even after her death. Stevens' work is held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the Art Gallery of Western Australia, and the National Gallery of Australia.

Stevens' art focused on her family's Dreaming (a kind of spirituality). Makiri, where she was born, is a sacred place for Aṉangu women. In her paintings, Stevens depicted the Dreaming associated with this place, the '. She also painted stories about Piltati, near her husband's birthplace, which is closely related to the Two Snake Men Dreaming ('). The paintings featured in her solo show in Melbourne were all related to this particular Dreaming.

Stevens' style was described as bold and dominating. She was said to paint quickly, with a rich mixture of colours, and her paintings were done on large canvases.

Fen

A fen is a type of wetland. It is usually fed by mineral-rich surface water or groundwater. Fens have neutral or alkaline water, with dissolved minerals but few other plant nutrients. They are usually dominated by grasses and sedges, and typically have brown mosses like "Scorpidium" or "Drepanocladus". 

Fens may have a high diversity of other plant species, including carnivorous plants such as "Pinguicula". Fens may occur along large lakes and rivers where seasonal changes in water level keep soil wet, with few woody plants. 

The distribution of individual species of fen plants is connected to water regimes and nutrient concentrations.

Fens have a characteristic set of plant species, which indicate environmental conditions. They are called "fen indicator species".

Fens are distinguished from bogs. Bogs which are acidic, low in minerals, and usually dominated by sedges and shrubs, with abundant "Sphagnum" mosses.

Fens have been damaged in the past by land drainage, and also by peat cutting. Some are now being carefully restored with modern management methods. The principal challenges are to restore natural water flow regimes, to keep the quality of water, and prevent invasion by woody plants.


Armin van Buuren

Armin van Buuren (born 25 December 1976) is a disc jockey from the Netherlands. He is the number one ranked DJ. He has won DJ Magazine's Top 100 DJs fan poll a record of 5 times. He won it 4 years in a row (2007-2010) and again in 2012. Since 2001, Van Buuren has hosted a weekly radio show called "A State of Trance". The program says about 25 million people in 26 countries listen to it each week. This fact would make it one of the most listened-to radio programs in the world. 

The Mindy Project

The Mindy Project is an American comedy television show on FOX. It stars Mindy Kaling as Mindy Lahiri, a obstetrician-gynecologist in New York City.

Wishbone

Wishbone was an American children's television show on PBS.




Bog

A bog is a wetland where peat builds up. Peat is layers of dead plant material—often mosses, in most cases, "Sphagnum" moss. It is one of the four main types of wetlands. Other names for bogs include mire, quagmire and muskeg.

Frequently, as the illustration on the right shows, they are covered in Ericaceous shrubs rooted in the Sphagnum moss and peat. The gradual buildup of decayed plant material in a bog forms a carbon sink.

Bogs occur where the water at the ground surface is acidic and low in nutrients. In some cases, the water is got entirely from precipitation, in which case they are (rain-fed). Water flowing out of bogs has a characteristic brown colour, which comes from dissolved peat tannins.

In general the low fertility and cool climate results in relatively slow plant growth, but decay is even slower because of the saturated soil. So, the amount of peat increases. Large areas of landscape can be covered many meters deep in peat. Bogs have a distinctive group of plant and animal species, and are of high importance for biodiversity, particularly in landscapes that are otherwise settled and farmed.

The world's largest peat bog is in the Congo (Brazzaville). It is as big as England. The bog covers between 100,000 and 200,000 square kilometres (40,000 to 80,000 sq miles), with the peat layer reaching up to 7m (23) beneath the ground. It holds billions of tonnes of partially decayed vegetation.

Reflexive relation

A relation is said to be reflexive when for all members of the relations R, x=x.

For example, for the set A, which only includes the ordered pair (1,1). The relation is reflexive as 1=1.

List of Wikipedias

This is a list of many of the different language editions of Wikipedia; as of July 2023, there are 334 Wikipedias. For their number of articles, see the .

Each Wikipedia has a code, which is used as a subdomain below wikipedia.org. Interlanguage links are sorted by that code.

The codes represent the language codes defined by ISO 639-1 and ISO 639-3, and the decision of which language code to use is usually determined by the Internet Engineering Task Force language tag policy.

One code is not a language code ('be-x-old') but refers to a specific orthography.

Some deviations include:
The table below lists the languages of Wikipedia roughly sorted by the number of active users (registered users who have made at least one edit in the last thirty days). It is shown as the "power of ten" of the count of active users, also known as the common logarithm, rounded down to a whole number. In this way, "5" means at least 10 (or 100,000), "4" means at least 10 (10,000), and so on.

Internet bots have created most of the articles on the following Wikipedias:


Jagannath Temple, Pabna

Jagannath Temple is a Hindu temple in the Pabna district of the Rajshahi Division of Bangladesh. It is dedicated to the god Jagannath. It is also known locally known as the Handial Mandir.

The temple was built between 1300 to 1400 CE. The temple is famous for its terracotta sculptures, and has been described as one of the most beautiful Hindu temples in Northern Bangladesh. The temple is incurring damage by high salinity from the soil it is built on.

Kal Bhairab Temple, Brahmanbaria

Kal Bhairab Temple is a Hindu temple, dedicated to the god Shiva, in the Chittagong division of Bangladesh. The temple is famous for the large linga. It is supposed to be the largest in the world. The goddess Kali is also worshipped there.

The temple dates back to the 19th century. It was damaged by Pakistani soldiers during the Bangladesh Liberation War.

Androgen

An androgen is a male sex hormone made by the testes. Androgens control and stimulate development of male characteristics in vertebrates. The main hormone is testosterone.

BeOS

BeOS was an operating system made by Be Inc. and designed for multimedia and personal desktop use. It made good use of multiprocessor technology. Palm, Inc. bought Be Inc. in 2001 and new versions of BeOS were not made.


Coccus

A coccus (plural of cocci) is a bacterium that is shaped like a sphere or circle. Cocci are one of the three types of bacteria shapes. The word coccus comes from the Greek word "kokkos", or "berry".

Some examples of cocci are Abiotrophia, Enterococcus, Neisseria, Staphylococcus, and Streptococcus.


Spirillum

Spirillum (plural Spirilla) is any bacterium that is shaped like a spiral. It is one of the three shapes of bacteria. The other two are Coccus and Bacillus.It can be said as Spiral Bacteria. 

Spirillum is also the name of a genus of Gram-negative bacteria in the family Spirillaceae. The two species in the "Spirillum" genus are "Spirillum minus" and "Spirillum pulli".

Great Chicago Fire

The Great Chicago Fire was a large fire that started on Sunday October 8, 1871 in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The fire started out as nine separated fires. It burned until Tuesday October 10, 1871 when rain started to fall. 

The fire destroyed and $192,000,000 in property. About 100,000 people were left homeless. Three hundred people died. Because of a large fire the night before, firefighters were too tired to quickly put out these fires.

No one is sure what caused the fire. A legend says that it started when a cow knocked over a lantern in Catherine O'Leary's barn on De Koven Street. 

The oldest structure left standing in the area where the fire burned is the Couch family tomb. This stone tomb was built in 1858. 

Not all of the city was destroyed. Important places like the Stock Yards, where animals were slaughtered, were not damaged. Neither was the railroad system.

The second red star of the Chicago flag represents the fire.


Chicago Loop

The Loop or Chicago Loop is one of 77 officially designated community areas in the City of Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is the historic commercial center of downtown Chicago. It is the seat of government for Chicago and Cook County, as well as the historic theater and shopping district.
As established in social research done by the University of Chicago in the 1920s, the Loop is a defined community area of Chicago. The name comes from the eleveated train tracks that form a loop. Chicago's central business district community area is bounded on the west and north by the Chicago River, on the east by Lake Michigan, and on the south by Roosevelt Road. But the commercial core has grown into adjacent community areas.
The community area includes Grant Park and one of the largest art museums in the United States, the Art Institute of Chicago. Other major cultural institutions here include the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, the Goodman Theatre, the Joffrey Ballet, the Cloud Gate, the Willis Tower, the Chicago Board of Trade Building, the central public Harold Washington Library, and the Chicago Cultural Center.
In what is now the Loop Community Area, on the southern banks of the Chicago River, near today's Michigan Avenue Bridge, the U.S. Army erected Fort Dearborn in 1803. It was the first settlement in the area sponsored by the United States.


Vermin Supreme

Vermin Love Supreme (born June 1961) is an American politician, artist, anarchist, and activist who ran for president in 2004, 2008, 2012, 2016, 2020 and 2024. He made promises to give a pony to all Americans, to have a Zombie-Apocalypse, and to have time travel research. He said the he will pass a law to order everyone to brush their teeth.

Supreme was born on June 1961 in Rockport, Massachusetts. He was raised in Baltimore, Maryland and in Boston, Massachusetts. Supreme studied at Gloucester High School.


Ngupulya Pumani

Ngupulya Pumani (born 1948 in Mimili) is an Australian Aboriginal artist from Mimili, in the north-west of South Australia. She is part of a well-known family of artists, who belong to the Yankunytjatjara community. Her mother, Milatjari, and her sister, Betty Kuntiwa, are both successful painters. Ngupulya has paintings held in the National Gallery of Victoria, and the Art Gallery of New South Wales.

Ngupulya began painting in 2009, for Mimili's community art co-operative, Mimili Maku. She had been inspired to paint by her mother. Her first major exhibition was later that year in Alice Springs, at the annual "Desert Mob" show. Since then, her paintings have been exhibited in several cities around Australia, including twice at the Gallery Gabriella Pizzi in Melbourne.

Ngupulya's paintings depict scenes and concepts from her family's Dreaming. Her mother's "ngura" (homeland) is Antara, and her father's is near Watarru. Antara is a sacred place associated with the (Witchetty Grub Dreaming), and Ngupulya most often paints stories from this Dreaming.

She uses pale, earthy colours in her backgrounds to depict the desert landscape, and this is contrasted with patterns of intense, bright dots and lines to represent symbols, figures and their journeys. Many of her techniques were taken from her mother, but used more consistently with her own refinements. The results have been compared to the early works of Emily Kngwarreye.


Meat ant

The meat ant ("Iridomyrmex purpureus"), also called the meat-eater ant, is a species of ant found all around Australia. The ants are often used by farmers to clean the remaining meat off dead animals.

Smoked fish

Smoked fish are fish that have been cured by smoking.

Foods have been smoked by humans throughout history. At first this was done as a preservative. Now the smoking of fish is generally done for the unique taste and flavour that comes from the smoking process.

The most common types of smoked fish in the US are salmon, mackerel, whitefish and trout. A common name for cold-smoked salmon is lox.

In the Netherlands, commonly available varieties include both hot- and cold-smoked mackerel, herring and Baltic sprats. Hot-smoked eel is a specialty in the Northern provinces. 

Smoked fish is an important item in Russian cuisine, Jewish cuisine, and Scandinavian cuisine, as well as several Eastern and Central European cuisines.

English, Scottish and Canadian cuisine have a strongly brined, smoked herring that used to be known as "red herring". Now it is called kippers.

Thandiani

Thandiani (meaning 'Very Cold') is a hill station, or resort in the Galyat hill area of Abbottabad District, Hazara, Pakistan. 

Thandiani was originally granted as a leasehold to some members of the famous Battye family in British India. They were Christian missionaries and soldiers who fought in many famous military campiagns of the British Indian Army. They gifted the location to the church authorities, where a Sanatorium and various other facilities were set up, mostly for the convenience of missionaries, Anglican church personnel and officers stationed at the neighbouring cantonment of Abbottabad. It also contained some private European houses, a camping ground, a small bazaar, and the small seasonal church of St Xavier in the Wilderness (under the jurisdiction of St Luke's Church, Abbottabad) which were occupied only during the summers.

Thandiani is in the south of Abbottabad District at 34°13'60N 73°22'0E and is about 31 kilometres from Abbottabad city in the foothills of the Himalayas. To the east beyond the Kunhar River lies the fabulous snow covered Pir Panjal Range of mountains of Kashmir.The hills of Thandiani are about 9,000 feet above sea level. Most of the people of residing here belong to the Qureshi, Gujar, and Karlal tribes.

Thandiani has excellent weather and lush greenery in the summer months, and snow-covered views and hills in the winter. Many tourists from all over Pakistan visit here, especially in the summer season. 

The mountains around Thandiani are still quite thickly forested, compared to most other hill stations in the locality, which have suffered deforestation. The local wildlife includes leopards, deer, monkeys, several kinds of pheasants, the marbled polecat and the increasingly rare flying squirrel and a species of pine marten.

Abdul Qayyum Khan

Sahibzada Sir Abdul Qayyum Khan (1863 – December 1937) was a distinguished Pashtun educationist and politician of British India. He is best known for establishing the famous Islamia College, Peshawar, along the lines of Sir Syed Ahmed Khan's policy of educating Muslims. He also briefly remained Chief Minister of the NWFP province during 1936-1937. 

Marbled polecat

The marbled polecat (Vormela peregusna) is a small mammal in the Mustelinae subfamily.

The marbled polecat is found in grasslands from southeast Europe to Asia. It is found in Russia, China, Turkey, Iran, Afghanistan, north-western Pakistan, northern India, Mongolia and Kazakhstan. Like other mustelines, if threatened it puts out a disgusting strong-smelling secretion from anal sacs under its tail.

Hasan Abdal

Hasan Abdal is an historic town in Northern Punjab, Pakistan. It is famous for the old Gurdwara "Sri Panja Sahib" shrine there, one of the most sacred places of Sikhism. 


Infrared spectroscopy

Infrared spectroscopy (sometimes called Infrared spectrometry) is a physical analysis method that uses infrared light. Typically, infrared spectroscopy uses a wavelength between 800nm and 1mm. The method can be used for quantitative analyses of known substances, or of the structural properties of unknown substances. Raman spectroscopy is another method that produces similar results. The main method used in infrared spectroscopy today is Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, which uses Fourier transforms.

Infrared vibrational spectroscopy can be used to identify molecules by listing their chemical bonds. An IR spectrometer is a machine that shines infrared light from a set range of frequencies on a sample. It measures which exact light frequencies are absorbed by the sample. 

Chemical bonds in a molecule make molecular vibrations at frequencies that are characteristic of the bonds. A group of atoms in a molecule may have multiple modes of oscillation caused by the stretching and bending motions of the group as a whole. If an oscillation leads to a change in dipole in the molecule, then it will absorb a photon which has the same frequency. The vibrational frequencies of most molecules correspond to the frequencies of infrared light. Typically, the technique is used to study organic compounds using light radiation from 4000–400 cm, the mid-infrared. The spectrometer records all the frequencies of absorption in a sample. This can be used to gain information about the sample composition in terms of chemical groups present and also its purity (for example a wet sample will show a broad O-H absorption around 3200 cm).

Iwa Shrine

"Iwa jinja" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the old Harima Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Hyōgo Prefecture. 

Judah Maccabee

Judah Maccabee was a Jewish patriot who led a Jewish rebellion (the Maccabees) against the Seleucid Empire. Judah opposed the Seleucid Emperor's attempts to suppress traditional Jewish culture and make the Jewish people more Greek-like. He liberated Jerusalem, removed Greek idols from the Temple, and rededicated the Temple to the Jewish God. Judah died in combat, but the rebellion that he had led did not stop. The rebellion's success led to the reestablishment of the kingdom of Judah.

Milatjari Pumani

Milatjari Pumani (born 1928) is an Aboriginal Australian artist from Mimili in South Australia. She is perhaps the most well-known artist from this community, and the first to gain a significant level of success for the community's centre, Mimili Maku. Her eldest daughter, Ngupulya, is also a successful painter.

Milatjari was born in 1928, in the bush in north-western South Australia. She was born at Amuroona, on a cattle station between what are now the communities of Indulkana and Mimili. When she was a young girl, her family encountered stockmen at a waterhole called Victory Well. The family then moved to settle and work at the station, then called Everard Park. Milatjari's father was Nyapi "King" Everard and her mother was Mantjangka Everard (Everard was the surname given to them). Milatjari met her husband Sam Pumani in Mimili, and they had five children together: Ngupulya, Betty, Ken, Michael and Lewey.

Before artists began to paint at Mimili, Milatjari produced traditional pokerwork designs on wooden blocks. She would teach her methods to younger workers. She did not begin painting until 2008, when she was about 80 years old. She painted for the community's art centre, Mimili Maku. Her works from 2008 were featured in Alice Springs later that year, at the annual "Desert Mob" exhibition. She was featured in the same exhibition again in 2009 and 2010, and on both occasions she was considered the most successful Mimili artist. She had a solo exhibition in 2009, which was held in Adelaide. In 2010 and 2011, she was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award. One of her paintings was bought by the Art Gallery of South Australia, and several others are held in the National Gallery of Victoria.

Milatjari paints the "Maku Tjukurpa", which is the Dreaming (spirituality) associated with the land around Mimili. Antara, close to Mimili, is a place represented in almost all her paintings. It is her uncle's traditional country, and Milatjari's family would often go hunting and gathering food here when she was young. She and her mother and sister would dig for witchetty grubs ("maku") while her father and brothers went hunting. "Antara" and "Ngura Walytja" (family's country) are common titles for her paintings.

Milatjari uses earthy colours on a dark background to depict the landscape of Antara. She paints figures and stories from the "Maku Tjukurpa" using fields of dots. Her style and technique has influenced those of many of Mimili Maku's younger artists, including her daughter Ngupulya and Tuppy Ngintja Goodwin.

Gulgee

Ismail Gulgee (commonly known as just Gulgee) (October 25, 1926 – December 16, 2007) was a Pakistani artist born in Peshawar. 

He was a qualified engineer and a self-taught abstract artist and portrait painter. Exhibitions of his work were held in many countries around the world, including the United Kingdom, United States, Iran, United Arab Emirates, France and other countries.

Jahangir

Mirza Nur-ud-Din Muhammad Salim Baig (known by his imperial name Jahangir) (31 August 1569 – 28 October 1627) was the fourth Mughal Emperor from 1605 to 1627.

Jahangir was the eldest son of Mughal Emperor Akbar the Great. He was married to Queen Nur Jahan ('Light of the World') and was much under her influence. she handled court matters and coins were issued in her name. He is especially well-known because of his memoirs, the "Naam-i-Jahangiri" (also called the "Jahangir-name" by some). His eldest son was Shah Jahan. Prince Khurram rebelled in the last years of his reign. The efforts of Nur Jahan, Jahangir's wife, to marginalize him were unsuccessful.
In 1622, Jahangir sent his son Prince Khurram against the combined forces of Ahmednagar, Bijapur and Golconda. After his son Khurram turned against his father and made a bid for power. As with the insurrection of his eldest son Khusrau Mirza, Jahangir was able to defeat the challenge from within his family and retain power. He conquered many new territories both in the north and in the south especially through his most decorated general, Muhammad Beg Zulfiqar Khan. He died at Mirpur on his way back from Kashmir to Lahore. After his death, Nur Jahan isolated herself and never talked to anyone.

He was buried at Lahore city, now in Pakistan. After his death, by his son and successor Shah Jahan came to power. Shah Jahan killed his father for his desire to be the ruler of the world but couldn't succeed, still military campaigns started by Akbar continued. 

He also consumed excessive amounts of opium, at one point employing a special servant just to manage his supply of intoxicating drugs. 

Shah Jahan

Mirza Shahab-ud-Din Baig Muhammad Khan Khurram (5 January 1592 – 22 January 1666), better known by his regnal name Shah Jahan ( ; ), was the 5th emperor of the Mughal Empire in South Asia, from 1628 until 1658.

The period of his reign is considered as the golden age of Mughal art and architecture. Shah Jahan is best known for erecting many splendid monuments, the most famous of which in all the world, is the Taj Mahal at Agra, built in 1632–1648 as a tomb for his beloved wife, Mumtaz Mahal.

Akbarabadi Mahal, Kandahari Mahal, (most beloved wife) Mumtaz Mahal, Hasina Begum Sahiba, Muti Begum Sahiba, Qudsia Begum Sahiba, Fatehpuri Mahal Sahiba, Sarhindi Begum Sahiba and Shrimati Manbhavathi Baiji Lal Sahiba were the wives of Shah Jahan. Shah Jahan killed Mumtaz's husband to marry her. Mumtaz died during her 14th delivery. After her death, Shah Jahan married Mumtaz's sister.

Shah Jahan (also known as Prince Khurram) was born on 5 January 1592 at Lahore, Pakistan, and was the third son of Prince Salim (later known as 'Jahangir' upon his accession). His mother was a Rajput princess from Marwar called the Princess Jagat Gosaini (her official name in Mughal chronicles was Bilqis Makani). The name "Khurram" ("joyous") was chosen for the young prince by his grandfather, Emperor Akbar, with whom the young prince was close in relation. He also held the traditional Mughal titles, Mirza Baig.

Just prior to Shah Jahan's birth, a soothsayer had reportedly predicted to the childless Empress Ruqaiya Sultan Begum, Akbar's first wife and chief consort, that the still unborn child was destined for imperial greatness. So, when Shah Jahan was born in 1592 and was only six days old, Akbar ordered that the prince be taken away from his mother and handed him over to Ruqaiya so that he could grow up under her care, and Akbar could fulfill his wife's wish to raise a Mughal emperor. Ruqaiya assumed the primary responsibility for Shah Jahan's upbringing and he grew up under her care. The two shared a close relationship with each other as Salim noted in his memoirs that Ruqaiya had loved his son [Shah Jahan ], "a thousand times more than if he had been her own [son]."

Shah Jahan remained with her [Ruqaiya] until he had turned almost 14. After Akbar's death in 1605, the young prince [Khurram] was allowed to return to his father's household, and thus, be closer to his biological mother.

As a child, Shah Jahan received a broad education befitting his status as a Mughal prince, which included martial training and exposure to a wide variety of cultural arts, such as poetry and music, most of which was inculcated, according to court chroniclers, by Akbar and Ruqaiya. In 1605, as Akbar lay on his deathbed,Shah Jahan, who at this point was 13, remained by his bedside and refused to move even after his mother tried to retrieve him. Given the politically uncertain times immediately preceding Akbar's death, Shah Jahan was in a fair amount of physical danger of harm by political opponents of his father, and his conduct at this time can be understood as a precursor to the bravery that he would later be known for,he was also well known for his intelligent brain and creative ideas.

Punjab 1608-1611<br>Deccan 1611–1612<br>Bihar 1613–1614<br>Gujarat 1614–1618<br>Delhi 1623–1627<br>Bengal 1624–1625<br>Bihar 1625–1627

Shah Jahan was more radical in his thinking than his father and grandfather. Upon his accession, he adopted new policies which reversed Akbar's treatment of non-Muslims. In 1633, his sixth regnal year, Shah Jahan began to impose his interpretation of Sharia provisions against construction or repair of churches and temples and subsequently ordered the demolitions of newly built Hindu temples. He celebrated Islamic festivals with great pomp and grandeur and with an enthusiasm unfamiliar to his predecessors. Long-dormant royal interest in the Holy Cities was also revived during his reign. The Eid festival was celebrated with great splendour and great feasts especially in the capital city of Delhi.

Shah Dara

Shah Dara or Shahdara or Shahdara Bagh (Urdu: شاہدره), is a suburb of Lahore, Pakistan. It is near the Ravi River. 

The area is famous for two historic Mughal architectural sites. These are the Mughal gardens and the Tomb of Jahangir, the Mughal Emperor and his wife Nur Jahan. Shah Dara also has other tombs and gardens from medieval times. 

Present day Shahdara is a busy area with a market and factories nearby. 

Shakir Ali

Shakir Ali (1916 – 1975) was a famous modern Pakistani artist and art teacher. 

He was the principal of the National College of Arts in Lahore, Pakistan, from 1962 onwards for a long time and did much to develop and modernise this institution. He had a huge following of students, many of whom also later became well-known artists in Pakistan. 

Before he died, Shakir Ali donated many of his own paintings and artworks to a private, non-profit trust for a museum to be established. The Shakir Ali Museum was established by the Pakistan National Council of the Arts (PNCA) after Shakir Ali died in 1975. The PNCA decided on a plan of buying the house of teacher and painter Shakir Ali, and of converting into a museum.

The museum is in Lahore. It is a fine museum with a good art collection and is a very useful learning site for art students and teachers. PNCA is in charge of the museums exhibitions and programs and the day-to-day management.

Some of his other paintings can also be seen at the Lahore Museum.


Sher Shah Suri

Sher Shah Suri (1486 – 22 May 1545) born Farid Khan, was the Pashtun founder of the short lived Pashtun "Suri" or "Sur" kingdom in the Indian subcontinent, with its capital at Patna in Bihar and later Delhi. 

The title "Sher Khan" was impressed upon him after he single-handedly fought against a lion while he was serving the Afghan noble Bahar Khan Lohani. Farid Khan was a talented and fearless soldier. His father Hasan Khan was a jagirdar under Bahar Khan Lohani, a noble who served under the ruler of Delhi. Farid Khan succeeded his father to become the Jagirdar and soon he rebelled and successfully overthrew the Mughal Emperor Humayun in 1540. 

He ruled until 1545 when he died in a gunpowder explosion. He left a strong empire to his son Islam Shah Suri, who ruled for nine years and was succeeded by his son Firoz Khan who was murdered. His son and followers could not keep for long the control of the kingdom and in 1555 the Mughal prince Humayun recaptured the lost Mughal territory and reinstates himself as Emperor after defeating Islam Shah in Punjab, thus effectively ending the Suri dynasty.

Sher Shah Suri defeated the Mughal ruler Humayun twice and captured Delhi. Soon after becoming king, Sher Shah Suri raised a large army and captured Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal.

Sher Shah was a good general and administrator. He introduced a new currency, a silver coin known as 'Rupia'. He reduced custom duties and built an excellent connection of roads, including Grand Trunk Road in Bihar, which was 1,600 miles (2500 Kilometers) long. Sher Shah was a secular ruler who practiced religious tolerance.

Khattak

The Khattak (not to be confused with the Punjabi Khattars) are a tribe of Pashtuns of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan. They are a large tribe, and spread out over various places from Akora Khattak, on the banks of the Indus River, to Malakand District and Karak District of the above province. 

A colony of the Khattaks are also settled at Saghri village, Jand Tehsil, Attock District of Punjab (Pakistan). 

The famous Pashto language poet of the 17th century AD, Khushal Khan Khattak, also belonged to this tribe.

Khushal Khan Khattak

Khushal Khan Khattak (1613–1689), was a famous Pashtun poet, warrior and tribal chieftain of the Khattak tribe of Pashtuns. He lived at Akora Khattak, a village on the Indus River, in India under the Mughal Empire. 

He wrote many Pashto language poems during the 17th century. Some of his poetry is of a Romantic type but most is nationalistic, advising the various Pashtun tribes to unite as one nation against the Mughals.

Kulgam

Kulgam () is unit part of Anantnag District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Bethesda Softworks

Bethesda Softworks is an American video-games company. It was founded in the city of Bethesda, Maryland, but the headquarters are in Rockville, Maryland.

Bethesda Softworks created its first video game in 1989, named "Gridiron". From this game, they got a contract to make more popular games such as "Terminator" and the "Wayne Gretzki" series. A few games made by Bethesda won the Game of the Year Award, such as Fallout and "The Elder Scrolls" series. This second series consisted of 6 games: "Arena", "Daggerfall", "Redguard", "Morrowind", "Oblivion" and "Skyrim".

Bethesda Game Studios (BGS) is the award-winning, in-house development team at Bethesda Softworks led by game director and executive producer Todd Howard.

In the past, not all BGS titles were published by the Softworks division. However, beginning with "" for the PlayStation 3, Bethesda Softworks began publishing all Bethesda Game Studios games.



2012 NATO Summit in Chicago

The 2012 Chicago Summit was a meeting of leaders of countries that are members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. It was held at McCormick Place in Chicago, Illinois from May 20-21, 2012.

This was the first NATO summit in the United States that was not in Washington, D.C. Chicago was chosen because it was President Barack Obama's home town. It was going to happen after the 2012 G8 summit in Chicago. The G8 summit was held at Camp David instead.

People at the summit talked about the Arab Spring, the 2011 Libyan civil war, the global financial crisis, transition for NATO forces in Afghanistan, and a missile shield system for Europe.

The summit cost the city of Chicago almost $15.6 million.

At least 38 countries around the world came to the summit. After the summit, Chicago's security system was improved.


1968 Democratic National Convention

The 1968 Democratic National Convention of the U.S. Democratic Party was held at the International Amphitheatre in Chicago, Illinois, from August 26 to August 29, 1968. Because President Lyndon B. Johnson had announced he would not seek reelection, the reason of the convention was to select a new presidential nominee to run as the Democratic Party's candidate for the office. The keynote speaker was Senator Daniel Inouye (D-Hawaii). 
Vice President Hubert Humphrey and Senator Edmund S. Muskie of Maine, were nominated for president and vice president.
The convention was held during a year of violence, political turbulence, and civil unrest, particularly riots in more than 100 cities following the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. on April 4. The convention also followed the assassination of Democratic presidential hopeful Senator Robert F. Kennedy of New York, who had been murdered on June 5. Both Kennedy and Senator Eugene McCarthy of Minnesota had been running against the eventual Democratic presidential nominee, Vice President Hubert Humphrey. Another candidate was Senator of South Dakota George McGovern.
Chicago's mayor, Richard J. Daley, intended to showcase his and the city's achievements to national Democrats and the news media. Instead, the proceedings became notorious for the large number of demonstrators and the use of force by the Chicago police during what was supposed to be, in the words of the Yippie activist organizers, “A Festival of Life.” Rioting and protesting took place between demonstrators and the Chicago Police Department, who were assisted by the Illinois National Guard. The disturbances were well publicized by the mass media, with some journalists and reporters being caught up in the violence. Network newsmen Mike Wallace and Dan Rather were both roughed up by the Chicago police while inside the halls of the Democratic Convention.


Sereno Peck Fenn

Sereno Peck Fenn (April 25, 1844 – January 3, 1927) was an American businessman. He was one of three main people who started the Sherwin-Williams Company. Fenn College was named after him in 1930. A gift of $100,000 was left to Fenn College. It is now called Cleveland State University. He is buried in Lake View Cemetery. Fenn was also president of the Cleveland YMCA for 25 years. He founded the YMCA building in Cracow, 8th Street Krowoderska, Poland.


John Andrews

John Andrews (1821 - after 1872) was a United States Navy sailor. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in the Korean Expedition.

Andrews' Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in action against Korean forts in June 1871. At the front of his a small boat, he measured the depth of shallow waters while under a heavy fire.

The words of Andrews' citation explain:
On board the "USS Benicia" in action against Korean forts on 9 and 10 June 1871. Stationed at the lead in passing the forts, Andrews stood on the on the "Benicia"'s launch, lashed to the ridgerope. He remained unflinchingly in this dangerous position and gave his s with coolness and accuracy under a heavy fire.

Government College University

Government College University, Lahore (formerly Government College, abbreviated GCU) is a co-ed public university located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. 

The original college was opened during the British Raj on 1 January 1864. It is one of the oldest higher educational institutes in the country. Its first principal was Professor Dr Gottlieb Wilhelm Leitner.

In 1882, it was affiliated to the University of the Punjab, In 2002, it was given a separate charter as a university itself. The word "college" is still a part of the name because of its historical importance.

Kinnaird College for Women

Kinnaird College for Women is a women's-only college in Lahore, Punjab (Pakistan). It was founded in 1913 by Christian missionaries during the British Raj.

The college is the oldest full-fledged women's college in Pakistan and is now a semi-government institute recognized by the Higher Education Commission of Pakistan. The early students were mostly Christian. Now most of the students are Muslims.


Gawalmandi Food Street

Gawalmandi Food Street in Gawalmandi, Lahore, is a centre of traditional Pakistani food. It is located near the old walled part of the city and is surrounded by centuries-old buildings.

The Food Street is open to traffic in the morning but is closed to motorized vehicles at sunset. Visitors come and stay until late at night, enjoying some of the best local food available in the country. 

It is one of the unique tourist attractions in Lahore. It is open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, except during the holy Muslim month of Ramadan when food is not served during the day. 

Fakir Khana

Fakir Khana is a private museum owned and run by the Fakir Family of Lahore, Punjab (Pakistan). It is in Bhaati Gate, a section of the old Walled city of Lahore. It contains many valuable art treasures such as old manuscripts, paintings, carpets, Mughal valuables, Chinese porcelain, arms and weapons, furniture and much more. 

Nur Jahan

Begum Nur Jahan (also Noor Jahan, Nur Jehan, Nor Jahan, etc.) (1577–1645), also known as Mehr-un-Nisaa Khanam, was a Mughal Empress and the 20th wife of the Emperor Jahangir. She was also an aunt of the later Empress Mumtaz Mahal. 

She is buried in Shah Dara, near Lahore, Pakistan.

With Nur Jahan's help, her father and brother became the chief advisers to the emperor, and soon the three of them were in practice running the empire. Eventually, Nur Jahan signed the laws, her name appeared on the coins, and she was in effect the empress. She did great charitable works, but her extravagances at court greatly strained the royal treasury. 

Gottlieb Wilhelm Leitner

Professor Dr. Gottlieb Wilhelm Leitner or Gottlieb William Leitner (14 October 1840, Budapest – 22 March 1899, Bonn) was a British Jewish orientalist of Hungarian roots.

From a very early age, he was a brilliant linguist. He is said to have learnt some fifty languages by the age of eighteen, many of which he spoke fluently. At nineteen, he became lecturer in Arabic, Turkish and Modern Greek. At twenty-three, he was appointed Professor in Arabic and Muslim studies, at the King's College London. 

In 1864, he was asked to become Principal of the new Government College Lahore in British India (now in Pakistan) and he accepted and went there. In 1882 he succeeded in helping establish the University of the Punjab. He dedicated himself fully to the study of the cultures of the Indian subcontinent. During this period he also helped establish many schools, libraries and literary associations in the Punjab region. He also travelled to a number of remote places such as Dardistan and Baltistan, and wrote several books.

He retired from educational service in India in 1886.

He is mentioned by MARC DAVID BAER in his article "Muslim Encounters with Nazism and the Holocaust: The Ahmadi of Berlin and Jewish Convert to Islam Hugo Marcus," p. 150.

List of civil parishes in Essex

This is a list of civil parishes in Essex, England.

Billericay, Great Burstead and South Green, Little Burstead, Noak Bridge, Ramsden Bellhouse, Ramsden Crays.

Alphamstone, Ashen, Bardfield Saling, Belchamp Otten, Belchamp St. Paul, Belchamp Walter, Birdbrook, Black Notley, Borley, Bradwell, Bulmer, Bures Hamlet, Castle Hedingham, Coggeshall, Colne Engaine, Cressing, Earls Colne, Fairstead, Faulkbourne, Feering, Finchingfield, Foxearth, Gestingthorpe, Gosfield, Great Bardfield, Great Henny, Great Maplestead, Great Notley, Great Saling, Great Yeldham, Greenstead Green and Halstead Rural, Halstead, Hatfield Peverel, Helions Bumpstead, Kelvedon, Lamarsh, Liston, Little Henny, Little Maplestead, Little Yeldham, Middleton, Ovington, Panfield, Pebmarsh, Pentlow, Rayne, Ridgewell, Rivenhall, Shalford, Sible Hedingham, Silver End, Stambourne, Steeple Bumpstead, Stisted, Sturmer, Terling, Tilbury Juxta Clare, Toppesfield, Twinstead, Wethersfield, White Colne, White Notley, Wickham St. Paul, Witham.

Blackmore, Hook End and Wyatts Green, Doddinghurst, Herongate and Ingrave, Ingatestone and Fryerning, Kelvedon Hatch, Mountnessing, Navestock, Stondon Massey, West Horndon.

Boreham, Broomfield, Chignall, Danbury, East Hanningfield, Galleywood, Good Easter, Great and Little Leighs, Great Baddow, Great Waltham, Highwood, Little Baddow, Little Waltham, Margaretting, Mashbury, Pleshey, Rettendon, Roxwell, Runwell, Sandon, South Hanningfield, South Woodham Ferrers, Springfield, Stock, West Hanningfield, Woodham Ferrers and Bicknacre, Writtle.

Abberton, Aldham, Birch, Boxted, Chappel, Copford, Dedham, East Donyland, East Mersea, Eight Ash Green, Fingringhoe, Fordham, Great and Little Wigborough, Great Horkesley, Great Tey, Langenhoe, Langham, Layer Breton, Layer Marney, Layer-de-la-Haye, Little Horkesley, Marks Tey, Messing-cum-Inworth, Mount Bures, Myland, Peldon, Salcott, Stanway, Tiptree, Virley, Wakes Colne, West Bergholt, West Mersea, Wivenhoe, Wormingford.

Abbess Beauchamp and Berners Roding, Bobbingworth, Buckhurst Hill, Chigwell, Epping, Epping Upland, Fyfield, High Laver, High Ongar, Lambourne, Little Laver, Loughton, Magdalen Laver, Matching, Moreton, Nazeing, North Weald Bassett, Ongar, Roydon, Sheering, Stanford Rivers, Stapleford Abbotts, Stapleford Tawney, Theydon Bois, Theydon Garnon, Theydon Mount, Waltham Abbey, Willingale.

Althorne, Asheldham, Bradwell-on-Sea, Burnham-on-Crouch, Cold Norton, Dengie, Goldhanger, Great Braxted, Great Totham, Hazeleigh, Heybridge, Langford, Latchingdon, Little Braxted, Little Totham, Maldon, Mayland, Mundon, North Fambridge, Purleigh, Southminster, St. Lawrence, Steeple, Stow Maries, Tillingham, Tollesbury, Tolleshunt D'arcy, Tolleshunt Knights, Tolleshunt Major, Ulting, Wickham Bishops, Woodham Mortimer, Woodham Walter.

Ashingdon, Barling Magna, Canewdon, Foulness, Great Wakering, Hawkwell, Hockley, Hullbridge, Paglesham, Rawreth, Rayleigh, Rochford, Stambridge, Sutton.

Alresford, Ardleigh, Beaumont-cum-Moze, Bradfield, Brightlingsea, Elmstead, Frating, Frinton and Walton, Great Bentley, Great Bromley, Great Oakley, Harwich, Lawford, Little Bentley, Little Bromley, Little Clacton, Little Oakley, Manningtree, Mistley, Ramsey and Parkeston, St. Osyth, Tendring, Thorpe-le-Soken, Thorrington, Weeley, Wix, Wrabness.

Arkesden, Ashdon, Aythorpe Roding, Barnston, Berden, Birchanger, Broxted, Chickney, Chrishall, Clavering, Debden, Elmdon, Elsenham, Farnham, Felsted, Great Canfield, Great Chesterford, Great Dunmow, Great Easton, Great Hallingbury, Great Sampford, Hadstock, Hatfield Broad Oak, Hatfield Heath, Hempstead, Henham, High Easter, High Roothing, Langley, Leaden Roding, Lindsell, Little Bardfield, Little Canfield, Little Chesterford, Little Dunmow, Little Easton, Little Hallingbury, Little Sampford, Littlebury, Manuden, Margaret Roding, Newport, Quendon and Rickling, Radwinter, Saffron Walden, Stansted Mountfitchet, Stebbing, Strethall, Takeley, Thaxted, Tilty, Ugley, Wenden Lofts, Wendens Ambo, White Roothing, Wicken Bonhunt, Widdington, Wimbish.

Stansted Mountfitchet

Stansted Mountfitchet is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 5533 people living in Stansted Mountfitchet.

Chrishall

Chrishall is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 507 people living in Chrishall. It has a church called Holy Trinity. Other names for Chrishall include Chrisshall, Cresshall, and Cryotissale.

Little Bardfield

Little Bardfield is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 237 people living in Little Bardfield. It has a church called St Katharine. It includes the hamlets of Hawkspur Green and Oxen End.

Great Hallingbury

Great Hallingbury is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 679 people living in Great Hallingbury. It has a church called St Giles.

Stebbing

Stebbing is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1290 people living in Stebbing.

Tilty

Tilty is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 98 people living in Tilty. It has a church called St Mary the Virgin.

Lindsell

Lindsell is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 220 people living in Lindsell. It has a church called St Mary the Virgin. It includes the hamlets of Holder Green and Bustard Green.

Nemmersdorf massacre

The Nemmersdorf massacre was an event during World War II in which soldiers of the Red Army killed many civilians. During the war, Nemmersdorf was a village in East Prussia (it is now called Mayakovskoye, in Kaliningrad Oblast). The people living there were ethnic Germans. It was captured by the Red Army in October 1944. On 21 October, the Russian soldiers shot and killed women and children. The total number killed is not known: reports talk of between 50 to 100 people. The event has been labelled a war crime.



Alaska Peninsula

The Alaska Peninsula is a peninsula of southwestern Alaska. It is between the Pacific Ocean and the Bering Sea.

The Aleutian Range has volcanoes.

Volcanoes in the Aleutian Arc includes:


King Island, Alaska

King Island is an island in the Bering Sea, west of Alaska.

In 2005 and 2006 the National Science Foundation (NSF) paid for a research project. They brought a few King Island people back to the Island. Some of the people had not been back in 50 years.

James Cook was the first European to see the island in 1778. He named the island after a person in his group called James King. It is part of the Bering Sea piece of the Alaska Maritime National Wildlife Refuge.


National Institutions House

National Institutions House () is the house of the national Zionist institutions of Israel. It was built in 1930, and is located in Jerusalem. Next to it is a memorial to victims of Antisemitism around the world, that was built in 2008.


Bible Lands Museum

The Bible Lands Museum ( - ) is a museum dedicated to the ancient countries and cultures in the Jewish Bible. The museum is located in Jerusalem, next to the Israel Museum and The National Campus for the Archaeology of Israel in Givat Ram.


Jack Williams

Jack Williams (October 18, 1924 – March 3, 1945) was a United States Navy sailor. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Williams' Medal of Honor recognized his conduct at the Battle of Iwo Jima. He was killed while giving first aid to a marine who was wounded in a grenade battle. Williams dragged the man to a shallow hole in the ground; and he remained in the area to care for another marine who was also wounded.

The words of Williams' citation explain:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while serving with the 3d Battalion 28th Marines, 5th Marine Division, during the occupation of Iwo Jima, Volcano Islands, March 3, 1945. Gallantly going forward on the frontlines under intense enemy small-arms fire to assist a marine wounded in a fierce grenade battle, Williams dragged the man to a shallow depression and was kneeling, using his own body as a screen from the sustained fire as he administered first aid, when struck in the abdomen and groin 3 times by hostile rifle fire. Momentarily stunned, he quickly recovered and completed his ministration before applying battle dressings to his own multiple wounds. Unmindful of his own urgent need for medical attention, he remained in the perilous fire-swept area to care for another marine casualty. Heroically completing his task despite pain and profuse bleeding, he then endeavored to make his way to the rear in search of adequate aid for himself when struck down by a Japanese sniper bullet which caused his collapse. Succumbing later as a result of his self-sacrificing service to others, Williams, by his courageous determination, unwavering fortitude and valiant performance of duty, served as an inspiring example of heroism, in keeping with the highest traditions of the U.S. Naval Service. He gallantly gave his life for his country.

Jack Williams is the namesake of the "USS Jack Williams" (FFG-24) which was named in his honor. The ship was in service from 1981 to 1996.


John Willis

John Harlan Willis (June 10, 1921 – February 28, 1945) was a United States Navy sailor. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Willis' Medal of Honor recognized his conduct at the Battle of Iwo Jima. He was killed while giving first aid to the many marines wounded in fighting.

The words of Willis' citation explain:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty as Platoon Corpsman serving with the 3d Battalion, 27th Marines, 5th Marine Division, during operations against enemy Japanese forces on Iwo Jima, Volcano Islands, 28 February 1945. Constantly imperiled by artillery and mortar fire from strong and mutually supporting pillboxes and caves studding Hill 362 in the enemy's cross-island defenses, Willis resolutely administered first aid to the many marines wounded during the furious close-in fighting until he himself was struck by shrapnel and was ordered back to the battle-aid station. Without waiting for official medical release, he quickly returned to his company and, during a savage hand-to-hand enemy counterattack, daringly advanced to the extreme frontlines under mortar and sniper fire to aid a marine lying wounded in a shellhole. Completely unmindful of his own danger as the Japanese intensified their attack, Willis calmly continued to administer blood plasma to his patient, promptly returning the first hostile grenade which landed in the shell-hole while he was working and hurling back 7 more in quick succession before the ninth exploded in his hand and instantly killed him. By his great personal valor in saving others at the sacrifice of his own life, he inspired his companions, although terrifically outnumbered, to launch a fiercely determined attack and repulse the enemy force. His exceptional fortitude and courage in the performance of duty reflect the highest credit upon Willis and the U.S. Naval Service. He gallantly gave his life for his country.

John Willis is the namesake of the destroyer escort ship "USS John Willis" (DE-1027) which was named in his honor.


Prophylaxis (chess)

Prophylaxis is a term in chess, as well as being a general idea. It was introduced by the grandmaster Aaron Nimzovich in his book "My system" in the 1920s. The term refers to actions taken by a player to anticipate and thwart the opponent's plans, and moves of these type are often called "prophylactic moves".

One simple example of a prophylactic move is when a player moves a rook's pawn forward h3 or h6 to prevent a back rank mate, and at the same time prevent an enemy bishop or knight from occupying g4 or g5. In the example, mate was not an issue, but h3 was still played by world champion Karpov. Then he could develop his QB to the best place on e3. 

Other examples are so subtle that club players would probably never think about them as possible moves. In the second example Nimzovich himself was playing black. In general, he wanted to turn his KP into a passed pawn by advancing it. However, the direct ...e5 does not work well, because the black king gets pushed back:

Nimzovich found another way to go:

To avoid this, White himself needs to play a prophylactic move, namely:

Atlantic mackerel

The Atlantic mackerel ("Scomber scombrus"), also known as Boston mackerel, or simply mackerel, is a pelagic schooling species of mackerel found on both sides of the North Atlantic Ocean.

The Atlantic Mackerel is by far the most common of the ten species of the family that are caught in British waters. It is extremely common in huge shoals migrating towards the coast to feed on small fish and prawns during the summer.

Abundant in cold and temperate shelf areas, it forms large schools near the surface. They overwinter in deeper waters but move closer to shore in spring when water temperatures range between 11° and 14°C.

In north-east Atlantic: North Sea (east) and British Isles (west). The North Sea stock decreased dramatically in the 1960s because of direct overfishing.

Male and female Atlantic mackerel grow at about the same rate, reaching a maximum age of about 20 years and a maximum fork length of about 47 centimetres (19 in). Most Atlantic mackerel are sexually mature by the age of three years.

Lester Archer

Lester Archer (1838 - October 27, 1864) was an American soldier. He received the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War.

Archer was born in Fort Ann, New York sometime in 1838. He served in the American Civil War in the 96th New York Infantry for the Union Army. He received the Medal of Honor on April 6, 1865 for his actions at the Battle of Chaffin's Farm. He died before the Medal could be presented to him so it was received posthumously.

Citation:

Gallantry in placing the colors of his regiment on the fort. 


George L. Banks

George Lovell Banks (October 13, 1839 - August 20, 1924) was an American soldier. He received the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War.

Banks was born in Lake County, Ohio October 13, 1839. He served in the American Civil War in the 15th Indiana Infantry for the Union Army. He received the Medal of Honor on February 18, 1891 because of his actions at the Battle of Missionary Ridge.

Citation:

As color bearer, led his regiment in the assault, and, though wounded, carried the nag forward to the enemy's works, where he was again wounded. In a brigade of 8 regiments this flag was the first planted on the parapet.


Bullet (typography)

A bullet ( • ) or bullet point is a symbol in typography. It is a symbol or glyph used to introduce the parts of a list. Bullets are used to draw attention to specific information. 

There are no fixed rules about how to use bullets. Bullet points may be short phrases or single sentences or paragraphs. 

Bullets are most often used in technical writing, reference works, notes and presentations. For example, see bullet points in the box at the right.

When bullets are overused, the emphasis given to each point is less. 

A numbered list is a kind of bullet format.

Richard Dennis

Richard Dennis (born 1826, date of death unknown) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War. He received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, because of his actions at the Battle of Mobile Bay.

Born in 1826 in Charlestown, Massachusetts, Dennis was living in Boston when he joined the Navy. He served during the Civil War as a boatswain's mate on the "USS Brooklyn". At the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864, he operated the ship's torpedo catcher (an early naval minesweeping device). He helped fire the bow chase gun during heavy fire. Because of this action, he was given the Medal of Honor four months later, on December 31, 1864.

Dennis's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
On board the U.S.S. "Brooklyn" during successful attacks against Fort Morgan, rebel gunboats and the ram "Tennessee" in Mobile Bay, on 5 August 1864. Despite severe damage to his ship and the loss of several men on board as enemy fire raked her decks from stem to stern, Dennis displayed outstanding skill and courage in operating the torpedo catcher and in assisting in working the bow chasers throughout the furious battle which resulted in the surrender of the prize rebel ram "Tennessee" and in the damaging and destruction of batteries at Fort Morgan.

Keigo Higashino

In an overview of writings by and about Higashino, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 274 works in 530+ publications in 12 languages and 4,700+ library holdings. 


Takahiko Kozuka

Kozuka was born in Nagoya. His grandfather, father, mother and aunt were figure skater so he was called "thoroughbred". He studied sports education at Chukyo University. His coach is Nobuo Sato and Kumiko Sato. He has very good skating skills. He is in good terms with Mao Asada, Miki Ando, Daisuke Takahashi and so on. He likes karaoke and goes to karaoke with Mao Asada frequently. His favorite food is grilled meet.

In 2006, he won the gold medal at the Junior World Figure Skating Championships. He competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics and placed 8th. In 2011, he was the Japanese national champion. He won the silver medal (in 2008) and the bronze medal (in 2010) at Grand Prix Final. He won a silver medal at the 2011 World Figure Skating Championships.

Thomas Ryan

Thomas John Ryan, Jr. (August 5, 1901 – January 28, 1970) was a career American naval officer who rose to the rank of Rear Admiral. He received the Medal of Honor during peacetime.

Ryan's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in Japan during the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake.

The words of Williams' citation explain:
For heroism in effecting the rescue of a woman from the burning Grand Hotel, Yokohama, Japan, on 1 September 1923. Following the earthquake and fire which occurred in Yokohama on 1 September, Ens. Ryan, with complete disregard for his own life, extricated a woman from the Grand Hotel, thus saving her life. His heroic conduct upon this occasion reflects the greatest credit on himself and on the U.S. Navy, of which he is a part.

Abraham Cohn

Abraham Cohn (June 17, 1832 in Guttentag, Prussia, June 2, 1897 in New York City) was an American Civil War Union Army soldier of Jewish descent. He received the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor. Cohn earned the award for his actions in combat at the Battle of the Wilderness, Virginia on May 6, 1864, and the Battle of the Crater, Petersburg, Virginia on July 30, 1864.


Citation:
During Battle of the Wilderness rallied and formed, under heavy fire, disorganized and fleeing troops of different regiments. At Petersburg, Va., July 30, 1864, bravely and coolly carried orders to the advanced line under severe fire.

1100 New York Avenue

1100 New York Avenue is a high-rise office building in Northwest, Washington, D.C. in the United States. The 12-floor building was designed by Keyes Condon Florance Eichbaum Esocoff King and completed in 1991. It is high. The art deco appearance at the north entrance of the building is a former Greyhound Lines bus station originally constructed in 1940. The office structure was built on top of the bus station. A small display on antique buses is located in the north lobby.


Dick Adkins

Richard Earl Adkins (March 3, 1920 – September 12, 1955) was a professional baseball player. He was a shortstop for one season (1942) with the Philadelphia Athletics. For his career, he had a .143 batting average in 7 at-bats.

He was born and later died in Electra, Texas at the age of 35.

Richard Barrett

First Sergeant Richard Barrett (1838 – March 20, 1898) was an Irish-born American officer in the U.S. Army. He served with the 1st U.S. Cavalry Regiment during the Indian Wars. He received the Medal of Honor during the Apache Wars. He voluntarily led a group of troops against a group of hostile Tonto Apaches at Sycamore Canyon on May 23, 1872.

Richard Barrett was born in County Mayo, Ireland in 1838. He eventually moved to the United States and settled in Buffalo, New York. It was there that Barrett enlisted in the United States Army and was assigned to Company A of the 1st U.S. Cavalry Regiment. By 1872, he had risen to the rank of first sergeant. On May 23 of that year, while posted to the Arizona Territory, Barrett volunteered to lead a group of soldiers against a group of renegade Tonto Apaches at Sycamore Canyon. He was cited for "conspicuous gallantry" and recommended for the Medal of Honor for his actions which he received on April 12, 1875. Barrett moved to Washington, D.C. after his retirement from military service. He died there on March 20, 1898, at the age of 60. He was interred at the United States Soldiers' and Airmen's Home National Cemetery.

Rank and organization: First Sergeant, Company A, 1st U.S. Cavalry. Place and date: At Sycamore Canyon, Ariz., 23 May 1872. Entered service at: --. Birth: Ireland. Date of issue: 12 April 1875.

Citation:

Consplcuous gallantry in a charge upon the Tonto Apaches.


Alkali Ridge

Alkali Ridge, also known as Alkali Point, is a set of widely scattered archaeological remains of the earliest forms of Puebloan architecture. They represent a period of change from scattered, pit-style dwellings to a settled agricultural lifestyle. These multi-story buildings and kivas have yielded high-quality ceramics. They form the type location for the Pueblo II period ("ca." 900 CE - "ca." 1100 CE).

It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.


Ren Höek

Ren Höek is a cartoon character from the Nickelodeon series "The Ren & Stimpy Show", and Spike series "Ren & Stimpy "Adult Party Cartoon"". He is one of the main characters. Ren is the main protagonist/antagonist of the series. He first appeared in the pilot episode ""Big House Blues"". He is a friend of Stimpy

Ren is a 40 year old "Asthma-Hound" Chihuahua. He has a long, rat-like, pink tail. His tail disappears often to the point of it not being seen in the later series.

Lav

Lav or Lava, in Hindu mythology, was the son of the deity and hero Rama (see the classical Indian epic poem Ramayana) and his wife, Sita. According to legend, Lav founded the ancient South Asian city of Lahore, now in Pakistan; while his brother Kash, or Kashava, founded the nearby city of Kasur.

List of people from Lahore

The old and historical city of Lahore, now in Punjab (Pakistan), has been home to many famous personalities in Indian history, and later Pakistani history after 1947. A list of famous 'Lahoris', or people who lived in Lahore and added positively to its social, cultural and intellectual life, is given below. This is not complete and you may add to it.

This list is given in chronological order.



John J. Clausey

John Joseph Clausey (May 16, 1875- September 9, 1951) was a chief gunner's mate serving in the United States Navy. He received the Medal of Honor for bravery.

Clausey was born May 16, 1875 in San Francisco, California. He joined the navy where he was stationed aboard the "USS Bennington" as a chief gunner's mate. On July 21, 1905 one of the "USS Bennington"’s boilers exploded while it was in San Diego, California. Because of his actions he received the Medal January 5, 1906.
He died September 9, 1951. He is buried in Golden Gate National Cemetery San Bruno, California. His grave is in section C, grave 121-B.

Rank and organization: Chief Gunner's Mate, U.S. Navy. Born: 16 May 1875, San Francisco, Calif. Accredited to: California. G.O. No.: 13, 5 January 1906.

Citation:

On board the U.S.S. Bennington for extraordinary heroism displayed at the time of the explosion of a boiler of 
that vessel at San Diego, Calif., 21 July 1905.

Larry Hagman

Larry Martin Hagman (September 21, 1931 – November 23, 2012) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his role as J.R. Ewing in "Dallas" and as Major Anthony "Tony" Nelson in "I Dream of Jeannie". His mother was actress Mary Martin. His father was of Swedish descent.

Hagman was born on September 21, 1931, in Fort Worth, Texas. Hagman was raised in Dallas, Texas. He studied at Black-Foxe Military Institute, at Weatherford High School, and at Bard University. Hagman was diagnosed with cirrhosis in 1992.

He received a liver transplant in 1995. Hagman was married to Maj Axelsson from 1954 until his death in 2012. They had two children. Hagman died on the morning of November 23, 2012 in hospital in Dallas, Texas from acute myeloid leukemia, aged 81.


J. K. Simmons

Jonathan Kimble "J. K." Simmons (born January 9, 1955) is an American actor. He played Emil Skoda in "Law & Order", J. Jonah Jameson in "Spider-Man", "Spider-Man 2", "Spider-Man 3" and in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Mac MacGruff in "Juno", Terence Fletcher in "Whiplash" and Commissioner Gordon in "Justice League".

He also voiced Tenzin in "The Legend of Korra" between 2012 to 2014.

Simmons was born in Detroit, Michigan. He was raised in Columbus, Ohio and in Missoula, Montana. Simmons studied at the University of Montana originally to be a composer. He married Michelle Schumacher in 1996. They have three children. He won a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for his role in "Whiplash". In 2022, he was nominated for another Academy Award for his role as William Frawley in "Being the Ricardos".


Ganga Ram

Sir Ganga Ram, KCSI (1851 – 1927) was a famous civil engineer and philanthropist of the Punjab, in British India. He was born in Mangtanwala, a small village of Punjab province in British India (now in Punjab (Pakistan)).

He was especially well known for designing many of the fine buildings in colonial Lahore, which city he settled in and called home. These included the Lahore General Post Office, the Lahore Museum, Aitchison College, Mayo School of Arts (now the National College of Arts), Ganga Ram Hospital, Lady Mclagan Girls High School, the chemistry department of the Government College University, the Albert Victor wing of Mayo Hospital, Sir Ganga Ram High School (now Lahore College for Women), the Hailey College of Commerce (now Hailey College of Banking & Finance), Ravi Road House for the Disabled, the Ganga Ram Trust Building on the Mall and others.

He built Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, Lahore (1921), the Lady Mclagan School and some other structures and public facilities with his own money.


Kim Il-yeop

Kim Il-yeop (April 28, 1896 - May 28, 1971) was a South Korean writer, journalist and feminism activist. He was also a Buddhist monk. Il-yeop was his Buddhist name (; ; ). His real name was Kim Wom-ju (, ).



Amrita Sher-Gil

Amrita Sher-Gil (30 January 1913 – 5 December 1941) was a famous Indian artist and painter. She was born to a Punjabi Sikh father and a Hungarian mother. Because of her life and work, she is sometimes known as 'India's Frida Kahlo'.She was born into Majitha royal family. She is considered an important woman painter of 20th century India. 

She died in 1941 in Lahore city, now in Pakistan, at the age of 28.

Alhamra Arts Council

The Alhamra Theatre Complex or the Alhamra Arts Council Cultural Complex or Alhamra Art Galleries and Hall is a multi-purpose cultural theatre and performing arts venue in Lahore, Pakistan. It was completed in 1992. It is situated on The Mall, a big old avenue from British Indian times. 

The Council also has a new venue of the same type, named the Alhamra Gadaffi Stadium Complex, which is located near Lahore's main sports stadium and which was made more recently.

Bryce Courtenay

Arthur Bryce Courtenay AM (14 August 1933 – 22 November 2012) was a South African-Australian novelist and one of Australia's most commercially successful authors.








The Power of One

The Power of One is a novel by Australian author Bryce Courtenay. It was first published in 1989. The story takes places in South Africa during the 1930s and 1940s. It tells the story of an Anglo-African boy. Through the course of the story he gets the nickname of Peekay. (In the movie version the main person in the story is Peter Phillip Kenneth Keith. It is different than the book. The author identifies "Peekay" as a reference to his earlier nickname "Pisskop": Afrikaans for "Pisshead.")

It is written from the first person perspective. With Peekay telling the story (as an adult, looking back) and trusting the reader with his thoughts and feelings. He does this instead of a detailed description of places and account of actions.

A film adaptation was released in 1992.


Frankie Yankovic

Frankie Yankovic (July 28, 1915 – October 14, 1998) was a polka musician from the United States. He played the accordion. He was called "America's Polka King." He played Slovenian-style polka.

Yankovic was a Slovene. He was raised in South Euclid, Ohio. Yankovic's parents were immigrants. Yankovic received an accordion at age 9, but never took lessons. By his early teenage years, he was a working musician. He played for local events.

He began making appearances on the radio in the 1930s. He wanted to make recordings, but the major labels turned him down. Therefore, his first records were made for Yankee and Joliet, labels operated by Fred Wolf.

Yankovic joined the U.S. Armed Forces in 1943. He made records while on leave, before going to Europe to fight in World War II. He fought in the Battle of the Bulge. He was awarded a Purple Heart.

Yankovic earned two platinum singles for "Just Because" (1947) and "Blue Skirt Waltz" (1949).

Yankovic also was on the television series "Polka Time" on Buffalo, New York-based WKBW-TV in 1962. He traveled from Cleveland to host each episode. He hosted a similar show in Chicago at about the same time. He won a Grammy Award in 1986 for his album "70 Years of Hits". He was the first winner in the Best Polka Recording category. The NARAS (Grammy) organization dropped the category in 2008.

Yankovic made over 200 recordings in his career. He has recorded with country guitarist Chet Atkins and pop singer Don Everly. He has also recorded a version of the “Too Fat Polka” with comedian Drew Carey. At one point, Yankovic was performing on the road in 325 shows a year.

He was not related to musical comedian and accordionist "Weird Al" Yankovic, who also performs polka music. However, Weird Al has jokingly said that he was given accordion lessons as a child because his parents thought that "there should be at least one more accordion-playing Yankovic in the world."

Yankovic died on October 14, 1998, in New Port Richey, Florida, from heart failure, at the age of 83. He was buried in Cleveland's Calvary Cemetery. Hundreds of friends, family, fans, and fellow musicians were at his funeral.




CatDog

The Shnookums and Meat funny cartoon show is an American animated television series. The first show was on April 4, 1998. The series is about an Orange cat named Shnookums and a blue dog named meat. Disney produced the series from Burbank, California, United States.

At the Kids' Choice Awards, USA, the show was nominated for a Blimp Award for Favorite Cartoon in 1999 and 2000.


Bowerbird

Bowerbirds are the bird family Ptilonorhynchidae. The family has 20 species in eight genera. Bowerbirds are most known for their unique courtship behaviour. Males build a structure and decorate it with sticks and brightly coloured objects. The Vogelkop bowerbird is a good example. The function of this courtship ritual is to attract a mate. The bowerbirds have a "female choice" mating system.

The bowerbirds have an Austro-Papuan distribution, with ten species endemic in New Guinea, eight endemic to Australia and two found in both large islands. Their distribution is mainly in the tropical parts of New Guinea and northern Australia, though some species extend into central, western and southeastern Australia. They occupy a range of different habitats, including rainforest, eucalyptus and acacia forest, and shrublands.

The birds are medium to large-sized passerines, ranging from the golden bowerbird at and to the great bowerbird at and . Their diet consists mainly of fruit but may also include insects (especially for nestlings), flowers, nectar and leaves in some species. The satin and spotted bowerbirds are sometimes regarded as pests because they feed on introduced fruit and vegetable crops. They have occasionally been killed by affected farmers.

Muggsy Bogues

Tyrone Curtis "Muggsy" Bogues (born January 9, 1965) is a retired American professional basketball player. He is the current head coach of the United Faith Christian Academy boys' basketball team. Bogues is the shortest player ever to play in the NBA at . He played point guard for four teams during his 14-season career in the National Basketball Association. Bogues is best known for his time with the Charlotte Hornets. He also played for the Washington Bullets, the Golden State Warriors, and the Toronto Raptors. Bogues was also the head coach of the WNBA team Charlotte Sting.

One-time pad

A One-time pad is a method of encryption. It is a symmetrical cipher, which means the same key is needed for encryption and decryption. A one time pad uses a key that is either as long or longer than the message it encrypts. The key must only be used once, and after it is used, a new key must be generated and shared for the cipher to remain secure. 

If this method is used correctly, it is impossible to decrypt or break the encryption without the key. Failure to make and share random keys has led to successful cryptanalysis, as in the Venona project.
Because of these requirements, it is rarely used today.

One-time pads were created all the way in 1882 by Frank Miller. After the invention in 1917, Gilbert Vernam invented and patented an electronic version based on teleprinter technologies. 

Danny Ferry

Danny Ferry (born October 17, 1966) is a retired NBA basketball player. He is the current general manager of the Atlanta Hawks. Ferry was born in Hyattsville, Maryland. He went to Duke University. Ferry played for the Cleveland Cavaliers and the San Antonio Spurs.

Shawn Kemp

Shawn T. Kemp (born November 26, 1969) is an American retired professional basketball player. Kemp played a total of 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played for the Seattle SuperSonics, Cleveland Cavaliers, Portland Trail Blazers and Orlando Magic.


Sayyid

Syed or Sayyid or Sayed is a title of honour and respect in Islam. It is originally a word from the Arabic language which means 'Sir' or 'Mister' or 'Honourable Person'. 

However, the word is now also used in different parts of the world by Muslims to refer specially to a descendant of the Prophet Muhammad. For example, if someone is called a 'Syed/Sayyid' in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Iran, Afghanistan, Indonesia, Malaysia etc, then that person is descended from the prophet of Islam.

In Afghanistan, Sadat (Sayyids) were recognized as an ethnic group by the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. On 13 March 2019, addressing the Sadat gathering at the presidential palace (Arg), the former president Ashraf Ghani said that he will issue a decree on the inclusion of the Sadat ethnic group in the new electronic national identity card (e-NIC).

The former president Ashraf Ghani also decreed mentioning 'Sadat tribe' in the electronic national identity on 15 March 2019.

However this recognition was revoked after the take over of the government by the Taliban on 15 August 2021 as a act of Anti-Shi'ism. 

Ashiq Mohamed Warsi

Ashiq Mohamed Warsi (died August 1940) was a political figure of British India and a leader of the All India Muslim League. He was one of the members of the Working Committee of the League, which drafted the famous Lahore Resolution in March 1940.

Warsi's sudden death in August 1940 was deeply mourned by his colleagues. He had no connection to Sayeeda Warsi, Baroness Warsi, a Tory politician and life peer in England.

S.M. Sharif

Syed Muhammad Sharif or more commonly S.M. Sharif was a Muslim Barrister from Patna, Bihar, British India. He was an active leader of the All India Muslim League party in his area and also one of the members of the League's Working Committee of March 1940 which drafted the Lahore Resolution. 

Charles Umpherston Aitchison

Sir Charles Umpherston Aitchison (1832 – 1896), was a British Indian administrator. He was Lieutenant-Governor of the Punjab from 1882 to 1887. He was of Scottish origins.

He is specially remembered today for founding the Aitchison College, Lahore (now in Pakistan) in 1886. He also played an important role in supporting the earlier establishment of the University of the Punjab in 1882, on the recommendation of Dr Gottlieb Wilhelm Leitner.

Aitchison later also was Chief Commissioner of the British Crown Colony of Burma from 1878 to 1880.

Akali Dal

The Shiromani Akali Dal or simply Akali Dal () is a Sikh political party in India. It is mostly active in the province of Punjab. 

It is not to be confused with the Apna Dal ('Our Own Party'). 

Edgar Rice Burroughs

Edgar Rice Burroughs (September 1, 1875 – March 19, 1950) was an American novelist. He created the famous character Tarzan of the Apes in his novels. He wrote 25 novels on Tarzan's adventures starting from 1914 onwards.

He also wrote other novels and stories that became quite famous. Tarzan and John Carter were some of his characters that became famous. 


Planetarium

A planetarium is a theater built to show educational and entertaining presentations about astronomy and the night sky. They are also used for training in celestial navigation. A main part of most planetariums is the large dome-shaped screen onto which images of stars, planets and other celestial objects can be shown and made to move to show the 'motions of the heavens'. The celestial scenes can be created using many different technologies. These include 'star balls' that combine optical and electro-mechanical technology, slide projector, video, full dome projector systems, and lasers. These technologies are used together to give an accurate image of the motion of the sky. Common systems can be set to show the sky at any point in time, past or present. They often show the night sky as it would appear from any point of latitude on Earth. 

There are many different sizes of planetariums. They can be as large as the Hayden Planetarium's 21-meter dome. It seats 423 people. They can also be as small as a three-meter portable domes where children sit on the floor. These portable planetariums are used for education presentations outside of the permanent planetariums at museums and science centers.

The term "planetarium" is sometimes used to mean other things which show the solar system. These include computer simulations or an orrery. Planetarium software refers to software that creates a three dimensional image of the sky on a two dimensional computer screen. The term "planetarian" is used for someone who works at a planetarium. The plural of planetarium is either planetariums or planetaria.

WPD (Worldwide Planetariums Database)

Highways in Greece

Highways in Greece are the most significant roads of the country. There are 10 most significant highways. They are:

El Dorado, Houston

El Dorado is a neighborhood in northeast Houston, Texas, United States. The site of a halfway house, El Dorado had the highest amount of convicted felons per resident of all of the Houston neighborhoods in 2007.

Super Neighborhood #53 El Dorado/Oates Prairie includes El Dorado.

Abilene Eagles

The Abilene Eagles were a West Texas League minor league baseball team. They were based in Abilene, Texas, USA from 1920 to 1922. They won the league championship in both 1920 and 1921. The team managers for those years were Bugs Young and Ed Kizziar (1920) and Grady White and Hub Northen (1921). They finished in sixth place in 1922. The league folded following the 1922 season, and the Eagles followed suit.

Future major league baseball player Fred Johnson played for the Eagles.

Jairus C. Fairchild

Jairus Cassius Fairchild (December 27, 1801-October 24, 1862) was an American politician and businessman.

Fairchild was born in Granville, New York. He moved to Hudson, Ohio and became a merchant. Later he would move to Franklin Mills, Ohio for a short time. While there he operated a tannery before moving to Cleveland around 1834. He then moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1845 and then to Madison, Wisconsin. Fairchild had a business working with cranberries and the lumber industry. He was also president of a railroad. From 1848 to 1852, Fairchild was the first State Treasurer of the State of Wisconsin. In 1856 he was elected the first Mayor of the city of Madison, Wisconsin. Two of his sons Cassius, and Lucius were also active in Wisconsin politics.

Irène Joliot-Curie

Irène Joliot-Curie (12 September 1897 17 March 1956) was a French scientist. She won the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1935 with her husband, Frédéric Joliot. Curie was the daughter of Pierre and Marie Curie.

Curie started her studies at the Faculty of Science in Paris. During World War I, she served as a radiographer. Curie became Doctor of Science in 1925. She did her thesis on the alpha rays of polonium.

During World War I (1914-1918), she helped her mother using X-ray technology in military hospitals. She helped train radiological workers. Curie then graduated from the Sorbonne in Paris. She earned a degree for work on radioactivity in polonium in 1925.

Curie did important work on radioactivity, transmutation of elements, and nuclear physics. Curie and her husband won the 1935 Nobel Prize for Chemistry for their creation of new radioactive elements. This work was written about in their paper "Production artificielle d'éléments radioactifs. Preuve chimique de la transmutation des éléments" (1934).

In 1938, she researched the action of neutrons on the heavy elements. This was an important part of the discovery of the nuclear fission of uranium. Curie became Professor in the Faculty of Science in Paris in 1937. She became Director of the Radium Institute in 1946. After six years as a Commissioner for Atomic Energy, Curie took part in the construction of the first French atomic pile in 1948. Its construction was continued after her death by her husband.

Curie was born in Paris. Marie and Pierre Curie were her parents. In 1926, Curie married Frédéric Joliot-Curie, a French physical chemist. He joined Curie’s Radium Institute in 1925. In 1934, they discovered that they that could make stable elements radioactive. Curie and Joliot had a son and a daughter. Curie was also interested in social and intellectual advancement of women. In 1936, she became the Undersecretary of State for Scientific Research.

Curie died on March 17th, 1956.

Ringleader

A ringleader is a leader of a group of people.

Ringleader may also refer to:


Lucius Fox

Lucius Fox is a fictional Batman character who helps Batman with equipment and is the manager of Wayne Enterprises. He gives Batman all of the equipment or his financing operations that he needs. He is one of the few people to known Batman's secret identity. He is one of the well known African-American comics characters in DC Comics.

He was played by Morgan Freeman in "Batman Begins", "The Dark Knight", and in "The Dark Knight Rises". Brock Peters was his voice actor in "". Kevin Michael Richardson also makes his voice in some animated movies.

Jim Gordon (character)

Commissioner James <nowiki>"Jim"</nowiki> Gordon is a fictional Batman character who is the police commissioner of Gotham City and is a fellow ally of Batman who gives him all of his missions and criminals to capture or question. In some cases, Gordon doesn't know Batman's identity, in other cases he does. He was created by Bill Finger and Bob Kane as an ally of Batman. He first appeared in "Detective Comics" #27 (May 1939), Batman's first appearance, making him the first Batman supporting character ever to be introduced.

As the police commissioner of Gotham City, Gordon shares Batman's deep commitment to stop the city of crime. The character is typically portrayed as having full trust in Batman and is even somewhat dependent on him. In many modern stories, he is somewhat skeptical of Batman's vigilante methods, but nevertheless believes that Gotham needs him. 

Gordon was in the United States Marine Corps before becoming a police officer. He is the father of Barbara Gordon, who is secretly Batgirl.

He was played by Lyle Talbot in Batman shows, Neil Hamilton in "Batman", Bob Hastings made his voice in "", Ray Wise in "" and by Héctor Elizondo in "The Lego Batman Movie". He was played by Ben McKenzie in "Gotham".


Alfred Pennyworth

Alfred Thaddeus Crane Pennyworth, or simply called Alfred, is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe. He is Batman's loyal butler and assistant who helps him complete his missions. He took care of Bruce Wayne when he was a child after his parents were killed. Pennyworth gives Batman all the information he needs and the location where villains are held at. He has a British accent.

Before becoming a butler, Pennyworth was an actor and former member of Special Operations Executive. He is known for his sarcastic comments. He was nominated by the "Wizard" Fan Award for Favorite Supporting Male Character in 1994.

The character first appeared in "Batman" #16 (April 1943), by writer Don Cameron and artist Bob Kane. Alfred was created by the writers of the 1943 Batman serial but DC Comics asked Don Cameron to write the first Alfred story, which was published before the serial's release.

Pennyworth was played by Alan Napier, Ian Abercrombie and Sean Pertwee in television shows. He was voiced by Clive Revill and by Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. in "" and was voiced by Ralph Fiennes in "The Lego Batman Movie". English actor Jack Bannon played a younger version of the character in the television series "" (2019-2022).


Bane (comics)

Bane is a fictional Batman character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Created by Chuck Dixon, Doug Moench, and Graham Nolan, he made his debut in "Batman: Vengeance of Bane" #1 (January 1993). Bane is a supervillain who appears in the Batman comics. He is physically strong and wears a Mexican wrestlers mask. He has a tube that connects from his body to a chemical tank that is strapped to his suit that keeps him strong. He is one of Batman's most physical and smarter villains credited to be the only character in comic books who has broken the bat, both physically and mentally.

He is played by Jeep Swanson in "Batman & Robin" and by Tom Hardy in "The Dark Knight Rises". In "Batman & Robin", Bane appears like in the comics with a Mexican wrestling mask, but doesn't talk. In "The Dark Knight Rises", Bane has a mask that only covers the front of his mouth and nose, his eyes can be seen and he had a muffled voice with a Caribbean accent.

Catwoman

Catwoman or Selina Kyle is a fictional Batman character who appears in comic books by DC Comics. She is sometimes a villain or Batman's assistant in fighting crime. She is sometimes called "Batman's girlfriend" because of her love-hate with Batman. Catwoman wears leather clothing and has a whip. In some comics, her father was mobster Carmine Falcone.

She is played by Lee Meriwether, Julie Newmar, Eartha Kitt, Michelle Pfeiffer, Halle Berry, Anne Hathaway in "The Dark Knight Rises", Camren Bicondova in "Gotham" and by Zoë Kravitz in "The Batman".

Ra's al Ghul

Ra's al Ghul is a fictional character in the Batman franchise appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a supervillain, and he was Bruce Wayne's trainer. He is the leader of the League of Assassins, which is an organization based on correcting the corruption in the world by ways of fear and hostility. Bruce destroyed their temple after he is made aware of their true intention of destroying Gotham City.

Ghul is one of the smartest and most physically skilled villains in the Batman universe. He also trained Bane. Ghul is the father of one of Batman's love interests: Talia al Ghul. He was played by Liam Neeson and by Ken Watanabe (decoy) in "Batman Begins". Neeson later had a small role as Ra's in "The Dark Knight Rises". David Warner is his voice actor in "".

Yawar Hayat Khan

Yawar Hayat Khan (born 18th October 1943- died 3rd November 2016), was a senior former producer and director of the Pakistan Television Corporation (PTV) and one of the early founders and creative entities of this channel from 1964-65 onwards, when its serialized dramas were immensely popular in Pakistan.

Khan was born in Lahore, in October 1943 and educated at the Aitchison College and the Forman Christian College, there.

In November 1964, the Pakistan Television Corporation made its first test-transmission from Lahore, and in that same year Khan was selected as a trainee with the fledgling state TV channel. 

In 1967, he was transferred back to Lahore, and it is at the Lahore TV studios that he produced his best work. Khan's first major dramatic success came when he directed the immensely popular rural folk drama "Jhok Siyaal" (1973). This was followed by "Waris" (1978–79) and then a host of hit serials such as "Bandaar Jaati aur Mamta", "Samandar", "Nasheman", "Dehleez", "Sahil", "Lazawaal" and others, between the 1980s and 1990s.

Khan retired from active television service in 2004. He died in Lahore, on 3rd November 2016, after a prolonged illness.

Grant Park

Grant Park is a large city park that is in Chicago, Illinois in the Chicago Loop. The Park has some special tourist attractions such as Buckingham Fountain, Millennium Park, Cloude Gate, and the Museum Campus that holds many of Chicago's museums. The Park was originally named Lake Park until it was renamed after the 18th President of the United States and Civil War hero Ulysses S. Grant on October 9, 1901. Lollapalooza Music Festival and Taste of Chicago are held in the Park.


Buckingham Fountain

Buckingham Fountain is a landmark that is in the center of Grant Park in Chicago, Illinois. The fountain was finished in 1927 and was one of the largest fountains in the world. The fountain was also one of the first large fountains during that time. The fountain is in the eastern part from Route 66.


10239 Hermann

10239 Hermann (1998 TY30) is a main-belt asteroid.


Biblical inerrancy

Biblical inerrancy is the doctrine that the Bible in its original manuscripts, is accurate and totally free from error. "Scripture in the original manuscripts does not affirm anything that is contrary to fact". Some equate "inerrancy" with "infallibility"; others do not.

In 1978, 300 scholars and Protestant leaders met in Chicago and produced an agreed statement. It states the Bible is ' of infallible divine authority in all matters upon which it touches...'. Most Evangelical Christians agree with this view, but Liberal Christians do not.

Jesus himself quotes the Old Testament often without question (see Gospel of Matthew 5:17-20), but Judaism has never believed in the literal word of the Hebrew Bible.

There are over 5,600 Greek manuscripts containing all or part of the New Testament, as well as over 10,000 Latin manuscripts, and perhaps 500 other manuscripts in various other languages. Additionally, there are the Patristic writings which contain copious quotes, across the early centuries, of the scriptures. Inerrancy is only applied to the original autographs (the manuscripts written by the original authors), rather than the copies. For instance, the Chicago Statement on Biblical Inerrancy says, "We affirm that inspiration, strictly speaking, applies only to the autographic text of Scripture."


Independent Catholic churches

Independent Catholic Churches is the name for a few Christian churches which say that they have the traditions of the Catholic Church, but who are not recognised by the Holy See. Almost all of them say that their bishops have apostolic succession, that is that their legitimacy comes from an apostle. The first of these churches was the Old Catholic Church, who did not agree that the pope was infallible, in religious matters. This was agreed at the First Vatican Council in 1870. Most of the independent Catholic churches split from the Old Catholic church. A notable exception is the Society of St. Pius X, a grouping of traditionalist priests, founded in the 1970s.

Communities such as the Eastern Orthodox, the Oriental Orthodox Church, or the Coptic Orthodox Church do not have the problem of recognition, as they are at least partially recognised by the Roman Catholic Church. Most Independent Catholic Churches were created after 1870. 

Battle of Cambrai

The Battle of Cambrai was an important battle in the First World War. It took place near Cambrai, and lasted from 20th November to 7th December 1917. This battle was the first in the war, where tanks were used on a large scale. Cambrai was important because it was a railroad hub. In total, about 95.000 people where killed or captured. The battle did not result in a gain of territory of either side. Cambrai lay on the Hindenburg Line. That part of the Hindenburg line between Arras and Soissons was known as "Siegfried Line" and more things

Indian Mujahideen

Indian Mujahideen is a terrorist group, which has carried out several attacks in India. The group may be related to Students Islamic Movement of India. The Student Islamic Movement of India may be involved in several terrorist organisations, and is therefore banned. Indian Mujahideen said they carried out the Jaipur bombings of 2008. The leader is Abdul Subhan Qureshi.

Bhopal State

Bhopal State (pronounced ) was an independent state of 18th century India. It was founded in 1723. It was a princely state of the British Raj from 1818 to 1947. It was an independent country from 1947 to 1949. At first, the capital was Islamnagar. Later the capital moved to the city of Bhopal.

Bhopal was the second largest Muslim state in pre-independence India, after Hyderabad. Between 1819 and 1926, it was ruled by four women – Begums – unique in the royalty of those days. Qudsia Begum was the first woman ruler, who was succeeded by her only daughter Sikandar Begum, who in turn was succeeded by her only daughter, Shahjehan Begum. Jahan Begum was the last woman ruler, who after 25 years of rule, abdicated in favour of her son, Nawab Sir Hamidullah Khan. The rule of Begums gave the city its waterworks, railways, a postal system and a municipality constituted in 1907. The peaceful rule of Begums led to the rise of a unique mixed culture in Bhopal. The Hindus were given important administrative positions in the state. This led to communal peace and a cosmopolitan culture took its roots.

Cassius Fairchild

Cassius Fairchild (December 16, 1829-October 24, 1868) was a Wisconsin businessman, politician, and military officer. he was born in Franklin Mills, Ohio (now Kent, Ohio). Fairchild was educated mostly in Ohio. His father was Jairus C. Fairchild, who was the first Treasurer of Wisconsin and the first Mayor of Madison, Wisconsin. His brother was Lucius Fairchild, Governor of Wisconsin. He moved to Wisconsin and managed his family's cranberry and lumber businesses. He also managed their rental properties. Fairchild was elected to the Madison, Wisconsin Common Council where he served as president. He also served in the Wisconsin State Assembly. At the time of the American Civil War, Fairchild enlisted in the Union Army becoming a colonel in the 16th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment. Fairchild was badly wounded in the Battle of Shiloh, and eventually died of his wounds.


Whiskey Tjukangku

Whiskey Tjukangku is an Australian Aboriginal artist from South Australia. He paints for Iwantja Arts, the community co-operative at Indulkana on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. He is an elder of the Yankunytjatjara people, and a " (traditional healer). One of his works was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2012. His brother, Barney Wangin, is also an artist.

Tjukangku was born around 1939, in the bush near Umuwa in north-western South Australia. The name "Whiskey" was given to him by one of his friends when he was a young boy. It is said that Tjukangku took this name because he could not pronounce his own Aboriginal name.

Tjukangku grew up at the mission in Ernabella and at De Rose Hill, a cattle station located along the Stuart Highway. He never went to school. As a child, he was taught about working with horses and cattle at De Rose Hill. By the time he was a teenager, Tjukangku began working for the station as a jackaroo, mustering cattle. He worked as a stockman for many years, on several stations throughout central Australia. He worked for a long time on the land of the Arrernte people (in the Northern Territory), which he depicts in many of his works. When he was older, he moved back south, closer to his homeland (where he and his family were born). He settled at Indulkana, and has lived there ever since.

Tjukangku was one of the first men to begin painting at Indulkana, and was one of the original members of Iwantja Arts. In addition to painting, he also does printmaking using the intaglio method (cutting designs into wooden objects). Beginning in his early 70s, Tjukangku is reported to suffer from dementia. He still works as a full-time artist, however, and makes an average of one or two artworks per week.

His artworks depict personal reflections on his travels and experiences in the central Australian desert. It is often just memories, about where he used to work or a place he fondly remembers. This is different to most traditional Yankunytjatjara artists, who usually paint about their " (Dreaming). A common motif featured in Tjukangku's artworks is "puṉu" (wood that is used for making traditional tools and objects). This is often both his subject and his medium. Objects in his artworks are often more figurative (realistic) than in most Western Desert art, but still contain elements and shapes that are very clearly abstract. Tjukangku paints in natural earthy tones, using rich shades of red, browns, ochres and black. He uses fields and lines of white dots to highlight shapes and movement.

Tjukangku's work has been featured in group shows at major galleries since 2010. He held his first solo exhibition in April–May 2011, in Alice Springs. He held a second solo show at the same venue the next year, in July–August 2012. One of the works exhibited at his first solo show was bought by the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne. Other works by Tjukangku are held in several of Australia's major private galleries. Some of his earliest prints are displayed in the South Australian Museum.

Issei

The character and uniqueness of the "Issei" is recognized in its social history.

The earliest organized group of Japanese emigrants settled in Mexico in 1897.

Imigration to Brazil began in 1908. Today, the community established by the "Issei" has become the largest Japanese emigrant population outside of Japan, including approximately 1.5 million Brazilians. Other "Issei" established themselves in the United States, Canada, and Peru. 

In the 1930s, the term "Issei" came into common use. The word replaced the term "immigrant" ("ijusha"). This change in usage mirrored an evolution in the way the "Issei" looked at themselves. The label "Issei" also included the idea of belonging to the new country. Other terns like "Nisei" were modeled after this "Issei" pattern or template.

The term "Nikkei" (日系) was created by sociologists in the late 20th century. The "Nikkei" include all of the world's Japanese immigrants and their descendants.

The "Issei" were born in Japan, and their cultural perspective was primarily Japanese; but they were in America by choice. Their children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and great-great-grandchildren grew up with a national and cultural point-of-view that was different from their parents.

Although the "Issei" kept an emotional connection with Japan, they created homes in a country far from Japan.

The "Issei," "Nisei" and "Sansei" generations reflect distinctly different attitudes to authority, gender, non-Japanese involvement, and religious practice, and other matters.




Clavering

Clavering is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1156 people living in Clavering. It has a church called St Mary & St Clement.

Elmdon

Elmdon is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 522 people living in Elmdon. It has a church called St Nicholas.

Great Easton

Great Easton is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 797 people living in Great Easton. It has a church called St John & St Giles.

Nisei

The character and uniqueness of the "Nisei" is recognized in its social history.

The earliest organized group of Japanese emigrants settled in Mexico in 1897.

Imigration to Brazil began in 1908. Today, the community which grew from the "Nisei" children has become the largest Japanese emigrant population outside of Japan, including approximately 1.5 million Brazilians. Other communities of "Nisei" grew up in the United States, Canada, and Peru. 

The use of the term "Nisei" was modeled after an "Issei" pattern or template. In the 1930s, the term "Issei" came into common use. The word replaced the term "immigrant" ("ijusha"). This change in usage mirrored an evolution in the way the "Issei" looked at themselves. The label "Issei" also included the idea of belonging to the new country.

The term "Nikkei" (日系) was created by sociologists in the late 20th century. The "Nikkei" include all of the world's Japanese immigrants and their descendants.

The "Issei" were born in Japan, and their cultural perspective was primarily Japanese; but they were in America by choice. Their "Nisei" sons and daughters grew up with a national and cultural point-of-view that was different from their parents.

Although the "Issei" kept an emotional connection with Japan, they created homes in a country far from Japan. The "Nisei" had never known a country other than the one into which they were born.

The "Issei," "Nisei" and "Sansei" generations reflect distinctly different attitudes to authority, gender, non-Japanese involvement, and religious practice, and other matters.




Littlebury

Littlebury is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 802 people living in Littlebury. It has a church called Holy Trinity.

Aluminium iodide

Aluminium iodide is any chemical compound made up of only aluminium and iodine. It is formed by the reaction of aluminium and iodine, or the action of hydrogen iodide on aluminium metal.

Galveston, Texas

Galveston is a city on Galveston Island in the U.S. state of Texas. , the city had 53,695 people. The city is the county seat of Galveston County. It is well known for a hurricane in 1900.

The city is about 45 miles (72 km) southeast of downtown Houston.

Xerochrysum bracteatum

Xerochrysum bracteatum is a flowering plant in the daisy family Asteraceae and comes from Australia. In English, the plant is usually called golden everlasting or strawflower. It grows as a woody or leafy perennial or annual shrub. Depending on the type it can get up to a meter (3 ft) tall.

The golden everlasting serves as food for different kinds of larvae (caterpillars) of butterflies, moths and skippers. Adult butterflies, hoverflies, native bees, small beetles and grasshoppers visit the flower heads.

The golden everlasting is easy to grow. Annual varieties in a host of color forms are available.

The Golden everlasting occurs in all Australian mainland states and territories as well as Tasmania. It is quite common and can be found from North Queensland across to Western Australia.

It occurs in all habitats except those that are in dense shade. It grows as an annual in patches of red sand in Central Australia, responding rapidly to bouts of rainfall to complete its life cycle. It is common among granite outcrops in southwest Western Australia, and is found on heavier and more fertile soils in the Sydney region, such as basalt-, shale- or limestone-based soils, generally in areas with a high water table. It has been reported growing in disturbed soil, along roadsides and in fields in the New England region in the United States.

The brightly colored bracts act as petals to attract insects such as hoverflies, native bees and small beetles that pollinate the florets. Grasshoppers also visit the flower heads. The caterpillars of "Tebenna micalis" have been recorded on this species, as have those of the Australian painted lady ("Vanessa kershawi"). The tiny fruits are dispersed by wind, and germinate and grow after fire or on disturbed ground.

The water mould (oomycete) "Bremia lactucae" has infected commercial crops in Italy and California. In 2002 on the Ligurian coast, widespread infection of several varieties, most severely 'Florabella Pink' and to a lesser extent 'Florabella Gold' and 'Florabella White', resulted in leaf blistering and the development of lesions on the leaves, and white patches on the undersides, particularly in areas of poor ventilation. There was an outbreak of downy mildew in a crop of the "Golden everlasting" in San Mateo County, California in 2006, in which the leaves developed large chlorotic lesions. A "Phytoplasma" infection damaged "X. bracteatum" crops in the Czech Republic between 1994 and 2001, causing poor growth, bronzing of the leaves and malformation of flower heads. Genetically, the pathogen was indistinguishable from the agent of aster yellows. The root-knot nematode ("Meloidogyne incognita") attacks and forms galls on the roots, which leads to the death of the plant.

The "Golden everlasting" had been introduced to farming in England by 1791. German horticulturist Herren Ebritsch obtained material and developed it at his nursery in Arnstadt near Erfurt in Germany. He bred and sold varieties of many colors from bronze to white to purple, which spread across Europe in the 1850s. The bracts of these early forms tended to remain cupped around the flower head rather than flatten out like the native Australian forms. These were also annual rather than perennial forms. Many were given names such as 'atrococcineum' (dark scarlet flower heads), 'atrosanguineum' (dark blood-red flower heads), 'aureum' (golden yellow flower heads), 'bicolor' (red-tipped yellow flower heads), 'compositum' (large multicolored flower heads), 'macranthum' (large rose-edged white flower heads), and 'monstrosum' (flower heads with many bracts), although today they are generally sold in mixed seed for growing as annuals. Some colored forms of South African "Helichrysum" are thought to have been introduced to the breeding program, which resulted in the huge array of colors. The "Golden everlasting" was one of several species that became popular with European royalty and nobility from the early 19th century, yet were little noticed in Australia until the 1860s, when they became more prominent in Australian gardens.
Most varieties started in Australia in the latter part of the 20th century are perennials. 'Dargan Hill Monarch' was the first of these, and many more have followed. Profusely flowering, these come in many colors including white, yellow, orange, bronze, pink and red. Their commercial lifespan is generally around three years. Queensland-based company Aussie Winners has a range of compact plants ranging from orange to white known as Sundaze. Plants of this series usually have larger leaves. This range won the "Gran premio d'oro" at the Euroflora exposition in Geneva in 2001, for the best new plant series in the previous three years. 'Florabella Gold', a member of the Florabella series, won the award for best new pot plant (vegetative) in the Society of American Florists' competition of 1999. The Wallaby variety of the flower range of taller forms with narrow leaves and white, yellow or pink flowers. Other commercial ranges include the Nullarbor series, and Queensland Federation daisies, including 'Wanetta Sunshine' and 'Golden Nuggets'.

The "Golden everlasting" are easy to grow both from seeds and from cuttings, although named varieties will only grow true from cuttings. Fresh seed germinates in 3 to 20 days and requires no special care. Plants grow best in acidic, well-aerated, soils of pH 5.5 to 6.3, with low levels of phosphorus. They are sensitive to iron deficiency, which shows on the plant as yellowing (chlorosis) of the youngest leaves while the leaf veins remain green.

The "Golden everlasting" can be grown in large pots or window boxes. It also makes a good starting plant in the garden before other plants become more established. Lower growing varieties are suitable for hanging baskets and border plantings. The flowers attract butterflies to the garden. Dried flowers are long lasting—up to some years—and are used in floral arrangements and the cut flower industry. More robust longer stemmed forms are used for commercial cut flowers. The main factor limiting lifespan of dried flowers is the wilting of stems, so flowers are sometimes wired into arrangements. Immersing flowers in glycerol or polyethylene glycol also lengthens lifespan.


Lockdown (TV series)

Lockdown is a television series. It is on the National Geographic Channel. The series is about prisons and jails in the United States. It is shown in a documentary format. "Lockdown" is known in some regions as America's Hardest Prisons.

Eiichiro Oda

Since November 7, 2004, Eiichiro Oda has been married to Chiaki Inaba (稲葉ちあき, "Inaba Chiaki"), a former model and actress whom he met in 2003 during Jump Festa 2004. Oda and Inaba have had two daughters; the eldest was born in mid-2006 and the youngest in 2009.

Oda was born in Kumamoto in Kumamoto Prefecture. At age 4, he wanted to be a manga artist.

In 1997, "One Piece" was published in "Weekly Shōnen Jump".

Japan Gold Disc Award

The Japan Gold Disc Awards (日本ゴールドディスク大賞) are honors which are promoted by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ). The awards recognize CD music sales in Japan.

It was established 1987.

It is made much of the number of the downloading and sales.

There are many prizes such as "Single of the Year"' and "Album of the Year" or "Artists of the Year".


Étienne Pierre Ventenat

Étienne Pierre Ventenat (1 March 1757 – 13 August 1808) was a French botanist born in Limoges. He was the brother of naturalist Louis Ventenat (1765–1794). 

Ventenat took a trip to England while he was employed as director of the ecclesiastic library Sainte-Geneviève in Paris. While in England, he visited the country's botanical gardens. This inspired him to pursue a career in science. Later he studied under and worked with a botanist named Charles Louis L'Héritier de Brutelle (1746–1800). In 1795, he was elected a member of the "Institut national des sciences et des arts". They later changed their name to be the "Académie des sciences". 

In 1794 he wrote a treatise on the principles of botany. It was called "Principes de botanique, expliqués au Lycée républicain par Ventenat". It did not receive much interest when it was released, and Ventenat became so disappointed that he reportedly made efforts to buy all copies of the book and have them destroyed. In 1798 he published a French translation of Antoine-Laurent de Jussieu's "Genera plantarum" as "Tableau du règne végétal selon la méthode de Jussieu". In his translation of the work, Ventenat added information about the properties and uses of plants.

In 1799 he published "Description des plantes nouvelles et peu connues, cultivées dans le jardin de J.-M. Cels". This book described plants in the botanical garden of Jacques Philippe Martin Cels (1740–1806). In 1803 he published "Le Jardin de la Malmaison" because Joséphine de Beauharnais (1763–1814) asked him to write it. He wanted to make sure the rare species of plants found in the gardens and greenhouses of Château de Malmaison were remembered forever. The pictures and drawings in the two aforementioned works were performed by famed botanical artist Pierre-Joseph Redouté (1759–1840). Ventenat is also credited with continuing the work on Jean Baptiste François Pierre Bulliard's "Histoire des champignons de la France". This was a landmark (very important) work on mushrooms native to France.



Bract

In botany, a bract is a modified leaf, especially one associated with a flower or inflorescence. Bracts are usually different from normal leaves. They may be smaller, larger, or of a different color, shape, or texture. Usually, they also look different from the parts of the flower, such as the petals and/or sepals.

Some bracts are brightly colored like petals, and attract pollinators like bees. Examples of this type of bract include "Euphorbia pulcherrima" (poinsettia) and "Bougainvillea": both of these have large colorful bracts surrounding much smaller, less colorful flowers. 

In grasses, each floret (flower) is enclosed in a pair of papery bracts, while each spikelet (group of florets) has a further pair of bracts at its base called glumes. These bracts are the chaff removed from cereal grain during threshing and winnowing. 

A prophyll is a leaf-like structure, such as a bracteole, subtending a single flower or pedicel. The term can also mean the lower bract on a peduncle.

The frequently showy pair of bracts of "Euphorbia" species in subgenus "Lacanthis" are the cyathophylls.

Bracts subtend the cone scales in the seed cones of many conifers, and in some cases, such as "Pseudotsuga", they extend beyond the cone scales.
Bracts that appear in a whorl under an inflorescence are called an involucre. An involucre is a common feature beneath the inflorescences of many Apiaceae, Asteraceae, Dipsacaceae and Polygonaceae. Each flower in an inflorescence may have its own whorl of bracts. Many asteraceous plants have bracts at the base of each inflorescence.

The term involucre is also used for a highly conspicuous bract or bract pair at the base of an inflorescence. 

An epicalyx, an additional whorl around the calyx of a single flower, is a modification of bracteoles. In other words, the epicalyx is a "group of bracts resembling a calyx" or "bracteoles forming a whorl outer to the calyx". It is a calyx-like extra whorl of floral appendages. They are present in family "Malvaceae", the "Hibiscus" family. "Fragaria" (strawberries) may or may not have an epicalyx.

A "spathe" is a large bract that forms a sheath to enclose the flower cluster of certain plants such as palms, arums, and dayflowers. In many arums (Araceae family), the spathe is petal-like, attracting pollinators to the flowers arranged on a type of spike called a spadix. 

Kyūdō

"Kyūdō" is based on ancient archery ("kyū-jutsu"). Archery in Japanese began in the Jōmon period; and it developed in the samurai or military class. At the beginning of the Meiji era (1868-1912), the samurai lost their position because the Emperor Meiji replaced the Tokugawa family, the samurai, as a ruler of the nation. Therefore, all martial arts, including kyudo, declined. Before the Meiji Restoration, only the military class was allowed to do "Kyūdō". But after it, ordinally people could also do archery, so it spread outside the military class and it became an amusement. Now, All Japan Kyudo Federation plays a role in the promotion of kyudo as a sport.

There are many styles, but most of kyudo players are learning the technique ruled by All Japan Kyudo Federation ("Shaho-Hassetsu"). In most cases, style means the kind of movement (called "Taihai").

This is a major style and is known as the style of mannar. Most of the kyudo players play based on it.

This style places importance on hitting and power.

This style is derived from Heki style and Ogasawara style.

This style is derived from Heki style.

There are the Eight Stages of Shooting (Shaho-Hassetsu); which is a fundamental movement.


The equipment of "kyūdō" has evolved from ancient times.

 is the Japanese term for the bows used in "kyūdō".
"Yumi" is traditionally made of bamboo, wood and leather. But, recently, many "yumi" are made from fiberglass and carbon fiber. They are cheaper than those made of bamboo. Generally, there are two sizes. One is "nami" and the other is "nobi". "Nobi" is longer than "Nami".

 is the Japanese term for the arrows of "kyūdō". The arrow's shaft is traditionally made of bamboo. Recently, many shafts are made of aluminum or carbon fibers. The traditional is made with three fins or of eagle or hawk feathers. The modern "ya" may be made with turkey or swan feathers.

People wear special clothes called "Kyūdōgi" when they practice kyudo or play a game.
In a formal place, people wear "Wahuku".


Château de Malmaison

The Château de Malmaison () is a country house (or château) in the city of Rueil-Malmaison about 12 km (7 mi) from Paris.

It was formerly the residence of Joséphine de Beauharnais. With the Tuileries it was the headquarters of the French government from 1800 to 1802.

Joséphine de Beauharnais bought the manor house in April 1797 for herself and her husband, General Napoléon Bonaparte. The future Napoléon I of France was at that time away fighting the Egyptian Campaign. Malmaison was a run-down estate, seven miles (12 km) west of central Paris that encompassed nearly of woods and meadows.

When he came back from Egypt, Bonaparte was angry at Joséphine for buying such an expensive house. She had expected him to bring back a lot of money from the Egyptian campaign. She had paid well over 300,000 francs for the house and it needed extensive renovations. She spent a lot of money fixing it. Malmaison would bring great happiness to the Bonapartes. Joséphine's daughter, Hortense would call it "a delicious spot".

Joséphine worked hard to transform the large estate into "the most beautiful and curious garden in Europe. She wanted it to be a model of good cultivation". She located rare and exotic plants and animals to enhance the gardens. Joséphine wrote: "I wish that Malmaison may soon become the source of riches for all [of France]"... 

In 1800, Joséphine built a heated orangery large enough for 300 pineapple plants. Five years later she ordered the building of a greenhouse. It was heated by a dozen coal-burning stoves. From 1803 until her death in 1814 she cultivated nearly 200 new plants in France for the first time.

The property became famous for its rose garden. Empress Joséphine had the Belgian artist Pierre-Joseph Redouté (1759–1840) record her roses (and lilies). Prints of these works sell quite well, even today. She created an extensive collection of rose. She gathered plants from her native Martinique and from other places around the world. She grew some 250 varieties of roses. From the foreword to "Jardin de la Malmaison" (1803):

Birds and animals of all sorts began to fill her garden. They were allowed to roam free among the grounds. At the height of her days at Malmaison, Joséphine had the company of kangaroos, emus, black swans, zebras, sheep, gazelles, ostriches, chamois, a seal, antelopes and llamas to name a few. Some were from the Baudin expedition.

After her divorce from Napoléon, Joséphine received Malmaison in her own right, along with a pension of 5 million francs a year, and remained there until her death in 1814. After his defeat at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 Napoléon returned to the house before his exile to the island of Saint Helena.

In 1842 Malmaison was purchased by Maria Christina, widow of King Ferdinand VII of Spain; she lived there with her second husband Agustín Fernando Muñoz, 1st Duke of Riánsares. In 1861 Maria Christina sold the property to Napoleon III.

Malmaison has been restored by the French famous architect Pierre Humbert in the early 20th century.

The public can visit the manor house as a Napoleonic "musée national". The museum lies on RN 13 ("route nationale" 13) from Paris and bus 258 from RER A "Grande Arche" station.


Xerochrysum

Xerochrysum (or "Bracteantha") is a type or genus of flowering plants native to Australia. It was defined by Russian botanist Nikolai Tzvelev in 1990. It was identified before (and takes precedence over) "Bracteantha" which was described the following year. A 2002 molecular study of the tribe Gnaphalieae found the genus is likely polyphyletic, with "X. bracteatum" and "X. viscosum" removed from each other.

There are currently 7 recognized species:


The genus was formerly included in "Helichrysum".


Henry Charles Andrews

Henry Cranke Andrews (fl. 1794 - 1830), was an English botanist, and an artist who illustrated plants. As he always published as Henry C. Andrews, and due to difficulty finding records, the C. was referred to as Charles, from 1961 until a record of his marriage registration was found in 2017.

He lived in Knightsbridge. He was married to the daughter of John Kennedy of Hammersmith, a nurseryman who helped Andrews to write descriptions of the plants he illustrated.

Andrews was a good and unusual botanical artist. He was not only an artist, but also engraver, colorist, and publisher in a time when most artists were only employed to make small drawings. The "Botanist's Repository" was his first publication. It was issued in London in a series of ten volumes between 1797 and 1812. It provided affordable images of plants to the growing population of amateur gardeners in Britain.

The Kew publication, "Curtis's Botanical Magazine", wrote that Andrews' work was very accurate. Andrews' images have a more artistic appeal compared to the publications of his rival, which were focused more on scientific descriptions.


Talia al Ghul

Talia al Ghul is a fictional Batman character who is the daughter of Ra's al Ghul. Ghul might be a villain that wants to either finish her father's work or to avenge his death. She may sometimes help Batman to stop her father's work. She is the mother of Bruce Wayne's son, Damian Wayne.

Marion Cotillard played Talia in "The Dark Knight Rises", but she had a fake name "Miranda Tate" and was the chairman of Wayne Enterprises.


Guckkasten

Guckkasten (Hangul: 국카스텐) is a South Korean Indie rock group that is known for psychedelic music. The members are Ha Hyun-woo (Hangul: 하현우, vocal), Jeon Kyu-ho (Hangul: 전규호), Lee Jung-gil (Hangul: 이정길) and Kim Ki-bum (Hangul: 김기범). The group formed in 2003 and their band was called "The C.O.M" at the time. <br> In 2007, they renamed their band "Guckkasten," a German word that means "Chinese-style kaleidoscope". The renaming of the band as "Guckkasten" was to reflect how their psychedelic music is like looking through a Chinese-style kaleidoscope with its beautiful and constantly changing pictures. <br>This band tries to express their experimental mindset by playing music like psychedelic videos hidden under an analogous style.


Lee Jung-gil and Ha Hyun-woo started a school band together. After quitting school, they moved to Seoul. Then they scouted Jeon Kyu-ho through the Internet and started a band "New Unbalance". 
In 2003, they realigned their members and created a band named "The C.O.M". However, "The C.O.M" broke up that year after the "Ssamji sound festival". 
Then in 2007, they formed the band again, but changed the name to "Guckkasten," a German word for Chinese-style kaleidoscope. A year later, in 2008, Kim Ki-bum joined the band.
Since then, they have performed as the band "Guckkasten" and never looked back.

The music of Guckkasten can be classified as psychedelic. They try to express their music as psychedelic videos which is hidden under analogue.It is because their music is inspired by Hague's piece called Art and Fire. Although their music can be classified as psychedelic music in some points, their genre can't be defined clearly. Their music is expressed in various ways and the songs are very changeable.They are skilled guitar players, and their sound is guitar focused. But they have said that this will change on their 2nd album.

Tjungkara Ken

Tjungkara Ken (born 1 October 1969) is an Australian Aboriginal artist from Amaṯa, South Australia. She began painting in 1997, when Minymaku Arts was opened by the women of Amaṯa. She started doing it professionally (as a job) in 2008. By that time, the artists' co-operative had been renamed to Tjala Arts.

Ken's paintings depict stories and figures from her personal ' (Dreaming), the spirituality that is associated with her ancestor's homeland. Her father is from the country around Amaṯa and Walitjara, and Ken most often depicts this country and its ' in her paintings. She also illustrates her mother's country, which is further west, near Irrunytju.

Ken's paintings have been featured in group exhibitions in many of Australia's major cities. Some of her work was also part of an exhibition in Graz, Austria in 2002. One of her paintings, titled " – My Country", was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2010. It was bought by a private collector. Another of Ken's works, a painting depicting the "" (Seven Sisters Dreaming), was chosen by the Art Gallery of South Australia as the winner of its "Desert Country" competition in 2011. The exhibition featured works by several artists from across the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands, including Maringka Baker, Nura Rupert and Jimmy Baker.

Examples of Ken's work are shown in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art, and the National Gallery of Australia. It is also held in several major private galleries in Australia.

Neo-impressionism

Neo-impressionism is a term coined by a French art critic in 1886 to describe an art movement founded by Georges Seurat. Seurat’s greatest masterpiece, "A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte", marked the beginning of this movement when it appeared at an exhibition of the "Société des Artistes Indépendants" in Paris.

Around this time, many painters were in search of new methods. Followers of neo-impressionism were drawn to modern urban scenes as well as landscapes and seashores. Science-based interpretation of lines and colours influenced neo-impressionists’ characterization of their own contemporary art. 
Pointillism is often mentioned, because it was the dominant technique in the beginning of the movement.

The art critic Félix Fénéon first used the term neo-impressionism in an article he wrote for the Belgian journal "L’art Moderne" in 1886. With the term he wanted to show that the way Seurat painted was different from the ways painting was done in Impressionism. In total, the movement lasted about five years.

Crowns of Silla

The crowns of Silla are golden crowns made in the Korean kingdom of Silla. They were made roughly during the 5th and 6th centuries. These crowns were excavated in Gyeongju, the ancient capital of Silla. They are part of the national treasures of South Korea.

Christiaan Hendrik Persoon

Christiaan Hendrik Persoon (1 February 1761 – 16 November 1836) studied fungus who made additions to Linnaeus' mushroom taxonomy.

Persoon was born in South Africa at the Cape of Good Hope. He was the third child of an immigrant Pomeranian father and Dutch mother. His mother died soon after he was born; at the age of thirteen his father (who died a year later) sent him to Europe for his education.

He started his education studying theology at Halle. In 1784 at the age 22 Persoon switched to medicine at Leiden and Göttingen. He received a doctorate from the "Kaiserlich-Leopoldinisch-Carolinische Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher" in 1799.

He moved to Paris in 1802 where he spent the rest of his life. He rented an upper floor of a house in a poor part of town. In his later life he was unemployed, unmarried, poor and kept to himself. He did correspond with botanists throughout Europe however. Because of his financial difficulties, Persoon agreed to donate his herbarium to the House of Orange, in return for an adequate pension for life.

The origin of Persoon's botanical interest is unknown. The earliest of his writings was "Abbildungen der Schwämme" (Illustrations of the fungi). It was published in three parts. The first was published in 1790. The second in 1791. The third was published and 1793. Between 1805 and 1807, he published two volumes of his "Synopsis plantarum" . This was a popular work describing 20,000 species of all types of plants. But his pioneering work was in fungi. He wrote several things related to mushrooms and other forms of fungi. Beginning with the "Synopsis methodica fungorum" (1801); it is the starting point for nomenclature of the Uredinales, Ustilaginales, and the Gasteromycetes. In 1815, he was elected a corresponding member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

The genus "Persoonia" is a variety of small Australian trees and shrubs and was named after him.


Nura Rupert

Nura Rupert is an Australian Aboriginal artist from north-west South Australia. She produces her works using intaglio methods of printmaking. The designs are drawn by etching and linocutting, and the prints are done on paper.

Nura was born about 1933, in north-western South Australia. The place of her birth is a rock hole called Tjitapiti, which is northeast of Nyapaṟi, and close to what is now the outstation of Angatja. Nura was a "bush baby" (she was born in the bush), and her family lived a traditional, nomadic way of life in the desert around Angatja. Nura was a baby when her parents and elder brother settled at Ernabella, which was a Presbyterian mission at the time.

Nura worked in crafts from a young age. Growing up at the mission, she learned weaving and knitting to make rugs and clothes. She also learned to make artistic objects from wood carving and poker work. She began painting around 2000, producing acrylic paintings on canvases. She started using printmaking techniques a few years later.

Most of Nura's designs depict stories from her childhood. They are usually images of children or animals, such as dingos and goats, but she is best known for her depictions of "" (spirits). These are from traditional Pitjantjatjara stories told to children to make sure they stay away from trouble. Her style is often described as "child-like", because the shapes are very simple and look like a child's drawings.

Works by Nura have been featured in exhibitions since 2000, in many of Australia's major cities and also in cities in the United Kingdom. Her work is held in several major collections, including Flinders University, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the National Gallery of Australia, the National Museum of Australia, and Parliament House in Canberra. Prints by Nura were chosen as finalists for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Awards in 2006 and 2007, and the Western Australian Indigenous Art Awards in 2010.

Australian Plant Name Index

The Australian Plant Name Index (APNI) is an online database of all the names of Australian vascular plants. It covers all names. It includes bibliographic and typification details, links to other resources, and data from the Census of Australian Vascular Plants divided by state. Users can also make notes and comments on other details.

The APNI is recognised by Australian herbaria as the official source for Australian plant descriptions. It is the core component of Australia's Virtual Herbarium, which is a collaborative project with A$10-million funding. The project is aimed at providing integrated online access to the data and specimen collections of Australia's major herbaria.

Two search interfaces are offered:

Originally the idea of Nancy Tyson Burbidge, it began as a four-volume printed work of 3,055 pages. It contains over 60,000 plant names. It was compiled by Arthur Chapman, and was part of the Australian Biological Resources Study (ABRS). In 1991 it was made available as an online database, and handed over to the Australian National Botanic Gardens. Two years later, responsibility for its maintenance has given to the newly formed Centre for Plant Biodiversity Research.



Cabinet making

Cabinet making, also spelled cabinetmaking or "cabinet-making" with a hyphen, is the use of fine woodworking skills to make cabinets and furniture.

Cabinetmakers learn to use the tools of the cabinet making trade.

There were few full-time furniture makers in England or America until the last half of the 17th century.

In the 18th century, some European cabinetmakers became well known. Cabinet making was an essential trade in early British North America. It was a huge money maker. They made furniture like cabinets, chairs, doors, drawers, cupboards, bed frames, tables, and many more. They used gimlets, gouges, bow saws, chisels, braces, and hacksaws to make their furniture. The wood they used was oak, maple, cypress, chestnut, and yellow pine.



Mantidfly

Mantidflies are insects in the family Mantispidae. They are small to moderate-sized insects in the order Neuroptera. There are many genera with around 400 species worldwide, especially in the tropics and subtropics. Only 5 species of "Mantispa" occur in Europe.

Some mantidflies are wasp mimics, but most are brownish with green, yellow and sometimes red hues. 

They get their name from their mantis-like appearance, as their spiny "raptorial" (raptor-like) front legs are modified to catch small insect prey and are very similar to the front legs of mantids. The adults are predatory insects that are often nocturnal, and are sometimes attracted by porch lights. They have four membranous wings which may sometimes be patterned (especially in wasp mimicking species) but are usually clear. Adult mantidflies are predators of suitably sized insects, which they catch as mantids do. Mantidflies are active hunters, but as with other Neuroptera, they are cumbersome fliers.

Their larvae are either parasitoids or predators. Subfamily Symphrasinae larvae are parasitoids on bee, wasp or scarab beetle larvae. Larvae of the subfamily Calomantispinae are predators of small arthropods. 

Larvae of the subfamily Mantispinae seek out female spiders or their egg sacs which they then enter; the scarab-like larvae then feed on the spider eggs, draining egg contents through a piercing/sucking tube. Then they pupate in the egg sac.

Tav

Taw, tav, or taf is the twenty-second and last letter of the Semitic abjads, including Phoenician Tāw , Hebrew Tav , Aramaic Taw , Syriac Taw ܬ, and Arabic ت Tāʼ (22nd in abjadi order, 3rd in modern order). In Arabic, it is also gives rise to the derived letter Ṯāʼ. Its original sound value is .
Tav, or Taw, is the twenty-second and last letter in many Semitic abjads, including Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew and Arabic alphabet. Its sounds like a .

Barney Hajiro

Barney Fushimi Hajiro (September 16, 1916–January 21, 2011) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Hajiro was born in Hawaii to Japanese immigrant parents He is a "Nisei", which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American. He grew up in a rural area. According to a friend who spoke at his funeral,
"As a plantation boy, he probably learned some things from his Japanese schoolteacher or principal. . . . He respected his principal and his family values. It all comes together; it builds a guy."

Two months after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, he joined the US Army.

Hajiro volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 442nd Regimental Combat Team. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in October 1944, Hajiro was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Hajiro's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, he was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Hajiro was recommended for the Victoria Cross. He received the British Military Medal in 1948.

In 2004, France made him a member of the Légion d'honneur.

Hajiro's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in frontline fighting in eastern France in 1944. He helped attack a house, captured a numerically superior force; and without help from others, he silenced two machine gun nests.

The words of Hajiro's citation explain:
Private Barney F. Hajiro distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 19, 22, and October 29, 1944, in the vicinity of Bruyeres and Biffontaine, eastern France. Private Hajiro, while acting as a sentry on top of an embankment on October 19, 1944, in the vicinity of Bruyeres, France, rendered assistance to allied troops attacking a house 200 yards away by exposing himself to enemy fire and directing fire at an enemy strong point. He assisted the unit on his right by firing his automatic rifle and killing or wounding two enemy snipers. On October 22, 1944, he and one comrade took up an outpost security position about 50 yards to the right front of their platoon, concealed themselves, and ambushed an 18-man, heavily armed, enemy patrol, killing two, wounding one, and taking the remainder as prisoners. On October 29, 1944, in a wooded area in the vicinity of Biffontaine, France, Private Hajiro initiated an attack up the slope of a hill referred to as "Suicide Hill" by running forward approximately 100 yards under fire. He then advanced ahead of his comrades about 10 yards, drawing fire and spotting camouflaged machine gun nests. He fearlessly met fire with fire and single-handedly destroyed two machine gun nests and killed two enemy snipers. As a result of Private Hajiro's heroic actions, the attack was successful. Private Hajiro's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit upon him, his unit, and the United States Army.



Conference of European Schools for Advanced Engineering Education and Research

The Conference of European Schools for Advanced Engineering Education and Research (CESAER) is an association of engineering universities in Europe. CESAER started on the 10th of May 1990, based in Leuven, Belgium.


Ginger Wikilyiri

Ginger Nobby Wikilyiri is an Australian Aboriginal artist from Nyapaṟi, South Australia.

Wikilyiri was born around 1932, in the desert of north-western South Australia. The place where he was born is Kunamata, a rock hole south of what is now the community of Nyapaṟi. His father had three wives, and Wikilyiri is the son of the second wife. He has an elder sister, Wingu, who was borne to his father's first wife. Wikilyiri and his family, who are Pitjantjatjara, were all born and lived in the bush, living a traditional way of life. After settling at Ernabella, Wikilyiri worked in land management and horticulture. He worked for many years as a ranger for Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park, living at Muṯitjulu.

Wikilyiri paints stories from his Dreaming, the spirituality that defines his kinship with the land. The Dreaming associated with his birth place, Kunumata, carries the "" (a kind of python) as its totem. Wikilyiri's paintings depict sacred legends about his ancestors and how they created the land around Kunumata. He also paints similar stories about Piltati, another rock hole nearby and a sacred site for Pitjantjatjara men. Pink dominates many of Wikilyiri's major paintings, which is an unusual choice of colour for the Western Desert style of art.

His work has been shown in major exhibitions in many cities around Australia and other countries. Examples are held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the Australian National University, and the National Gallery of Australia. Paintings by Wikilyiri were chosen as finalists for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Awards in 2009, 2010 and 2011.

North Queensland

North Queensland or the Northern Region is the northern part of the state of Queensland in Australia. It is just south of Far North Queensland. Queensland is a massive state and is larger than many countries. The tropical northern part of it has been historically remote and undeveloped. This has resulted in a regional character and identity that is quite different to the rest of the state.

Townsville is the largest community in North Queensland. It is regarded as an unofficial capital. The region has a population of 231,628 and covers 80,041.5 km².

There is no official boundary that separates North Queensland from the rest of the state. Unofficially, its southern border is usually considered to begin south of the Mackay Region. To the north is the Far North Queensland region. The centre of the region is around Cairns. To the west west is the Gulf Country.

North Queensland is a coastal region. Its largest settlement is the city of Townsville, where there is a major seaport. 

There have been many groups saying that North Queensland should become its own state.

Payari

Payari is a village in Bangladesh. It is in the Magura district of the Khulna Division. It is almost away from Magura Sadar Upazila. The Nabaganga river flows nearby the village.

Phidippus audax

Phidippus audax is a jumping spider that comes from North America. The spider is often called the daring jumping spider or bold jumping spider in English. A spider of this species will usually be black with white patterns on its abdomen. In younger spiders, the spots on the abdomen will be a orange, red or yellow colour, which will become white as the spider becomes older. The average size of an adult is between 13 and 20 millimetres and the male is slightly smaller than the female.

Mikio Hasemoto

Mikio Hasemoto (July 13, 1916-November 29, 1943) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Hasemoto was born at Honolulu, Hawaii. He is the son of immigrants who were born in Japan. He is a "Nisei", which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American.

Six months before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Hasemoto joined the US Army in June 1941.

Hasemoto volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 100th Infantry Battalion. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in November 1943, Hasemoto was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Hasemoto's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, his family was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Hasemoto's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in central Italy in 1943. With his squad leader, he destroyed an enemy force despite having to run through heavy fire twice to retrieve new weapons

The words of Hasemoto's citation explain:
Private Mikio Hasemoto distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 29 November 1943, in the vicinity of Cerasuolo, Italy. A force of approximately 40 enemy soldiers, armed with machine guns, machine pistols, rifles, and grenades, attacked the left flank of his platoon. Two enemy soldiers with machine guns advanced forward, firing their weapons. Private Hasemoto, an automatic rifleman, challenged these two machine gunners. After firing four magazines at the approaching enemy, his weapon was shot and damaged. Unhesitatingly, he ran 10 yards to the rear, secured another automatic rifle and continued to fire until his weapon jammed. At this point, Private Hasemoto and his squad leader had killed approximately 20 enemy soldiers. Again, Private Hasemoto ran through a barrage of enemy machine gun fire to pick up an M-1 rifle. Continuing their fire, Private Hasemoto and his squad leader killed 10 more enemy soldiers. With only three enemy soldiers left, he and his squad leader charged courageously forward, killing one, wounding one, and capturing another. The following day, Private Hasemoto continued to repel enemy attacks until he was killed by enemy fire. Private Hasemoto’s extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.



Nicholas Marcellus Hentz

Nicholas Marcellus Hentz (born July 25, 1797) was a French-American educator and arachnologist. He died November 4, 1856 in Marianna, Florida.

Hentz was born in Versailles, France. He learned the art of miniature painting and studied medicine in Paris. In 1816, he immigrated to the United States. In the United States, he taught the French language and miniature painting in Boston, Philadelphia and many other places.

Hentz is best known for his work in describing 124 spider species. These include the black-footed yellow sac spider and the Southern house spider.

Italian food

Italian food is the food created by traditional Italian cooking. It is not any one thing, because it is strongly regionalised. This means that the cooking is different in different parts of Italy.

Naturally there are some basic foods which can be found all over Italy, and now in many other countries. These are pasta, pizza, cannoli pastry desserts, ice cream and red or white wine. Calamari dishes of fried squid (fried calamari) are often on the menu.

Olives have been grown in Italy for thousands of years. They are eaten, and also are the basis of olive oil. Olive oil and vinaigrette or balsamic vinegar are always on the table or nearby. Italians also make many kinds of breads in a different style from French bread. Their styles of coffee have also become internationally famous. Some of their liqueurs, like limoncello, are very distinctive.

Italian food is one of the most refined and varied in Europe, from the piquant flavours of Naples and Calabria to the pesto dishes of Liguria and the cheese and risotto dishes of the Italian Alps.

Kashima-jingū

, also known as Kashima-jinja, is a Japanese Shinto shrine in Kashima, Ibaraki on the island of Honshu.

"Kashima" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of the old Hitachi Province. It serves today as one of the "ichinomiya" of Ibaraki Prefecture. 

In the modern system of ranked Shinto Shrines, Kashima was listed in the middle range of ranked Imperial shrines or which included 23 sanctuaries.


Friedrich von Wurmb

Christoph Carl Friedrich von Wurmb (2 July 1742-March 1781) was a German botanist. His official shorthand is „Wurmb“. He was a descendant of the noble family von Wurmb. At some point in time, his elder brother Ludwig and he himself fell in love with the same woman. After a long decision process, he decided to emigrate, and leave the woman to his brother. He joined the Dutch East India Company, and emigrated to Amsterdam, and later to Batavia, the modern-day Jakarta. His brother later married this woman, Christiane von Werthern. His sister's brother in law, Friedrich Schiller, wrote a short story about it, "A magnanimous act" ("Eine Grossmütige Handlung").

In biology, he is known for his taxonomy of palm trees. and for his writing about a Bornean Oranggutan.

The species Wurmbea in the Colchicaceae is named after him.

Baron von Wurmb was also an important member of the Batavia Society of Arts and Sciences (now National Museum) and the founder of its well-known library, now the National Library. He lived in a house in the old Batavia area, known as the Yellow Lions building, due to the two golden (now faded) lion statues that guard the entrance of the house. Though now slightly run down, the building still stands next to Kali Besar in Jakarta.

Core cities of Japan

The core cities were created because of the Local Autonomy Law of Japan. Each city does many of the things normally done by prefectures. 

Core cities were recognized starting in 1996. There are 40+ of these cities, including




Oligopsony

In microeconomics an oligopsony is a market form where there are few buyers. There may be many sellers, but because there are few buyers, the decision each buyer makes influences the whole market. Therefore this is an example of imperfect competition.

Oligopsony works just like oligopoly involving a few number of sellers. This market has a few big buyers willing to buy a product or service. The number being limited enables the purchasers to have a sense of control over the sellers, and lets them negotiate with product prices.

One example of this is the market for cocoa: Three companies (Cargill, Archer Daniels Midland and Callebaut) buy most of the world production, usually from small farmers. Other examples are that of tobacco or that of bananas. By extension the "market for work" also has this characteristic: there are few companies (employers, "buying work") and many people "offering to work".


Natural monopoly

A natural monopoly is a type of monopoly in which a subject is the only seller and producer of a good or service. It is impossible for a new firm to enter the market as there are very high barriers to entry and very high startup costs, similar to that of a normal monopoly. The natural monopoly term is usually used to describe markets with very high fixed costs compared to the marginal costs of selling the good or service, creating economies of scale that are large compared to the size of the market and hence resulting in very high barriers to entry. Examples of natural monopolies include public utilities such as water services and electricity.

A natural monopoly often keeps getting economies of scale as more of a good or service is produced.


Monopsony

A Monopsony is a market form where there is only one buyer, but many sellers. Much like with the monopoly this single buyer has a complete influence on the price. In practice, this market form does not occur often. One example may be a healthcare system where there is only one "buyer" of healthcare services; which is usually the state, or a state-run institution. Another example is defense industry, where the state is the often only buyer. Still another is that of public transport: Either the whole public transport is run by one (usually state-owned) company, or the state awards contracts to run a given line for a certain time period. 

Koreapas

Koreapas (고파스) is an online homepage for Korea University students in South Korea. It provides information which is useful in school life. It is called (). It was started in 2007 by person who named Park Jong Chan. There is news about school and lecture information. Students talk freely and share information. So, it is useful to register before the semester starts. You can find information about restaurants and flea markets too.

Park Jong Chan who made this online community was elected the student president in 2011. His well-known name because of making Ko-pas helped him to be elected. Many students are so familiar in this homepage and it makes students remember his name easily.
Ko-pas has been criticized because of its exclusivity. There is a anonymous board in Ko-pas page and some students use swear words and say unproper words as a student. The other problem is exclusive culture in Ko-pas. They only along with those members in that site and show disrespect to other groups especially less famous university in Korea. But, it could be a one of side effects and internet cultures as well


The Mall, Lahore

The Mall is a major avenue or road in the city of Lahore, in Pakistan. It was made during the colonial times of the British Raj, in the 1850s and 1860s 
The Mall is still Lahore's main avenue or road, with many important sites and buildings on both sides of it. It is usually divided into two sections, the 'Lower Mall' near the Punjab Government Secretariat, the University of the Punjab, the Government College University, the Lahore Museum and other locations; and the 'Upper Mall' near the Lawrence Gardens (now renamed the "Bagh i Jinnah"), the Lahore Zoo, Aitchison College, the Government House and the Lahore Gymkhana Club. 

Smaller roads link up to the Mall on many sides, leading to various other parts of the city.

William Lockhart

General Sir William Stephen Alexander Lockhart, commonly known as William Lockhart (1841-1900) was a well-known British Indian Army officer. He was born in Inchinnan, Renfrewshire, Scotland.

He served in the 1857-1858 Indian Mutiny (or Rebellion of 1857) and then in the Second Anglo-Afghan War, winning medals for his brave achievements. From 1880 to 1885 he remained Deputy Quartermaster-General of the Intelligence Branch of British India. In 1897 he commanded the famous Tirah expedition against the Afridi tribe of Pashtuns. He was appointed Commander-in-Chief of the British Army in India and died of malaria in Calcutta while still serving in this position. 

Xeranthemum

Xeranthemum is a flower. It is found in Southern Europe. It has silvery flower heads with purple tube-like flowers.

Afridi

The Afridi are a large Pashtun tribe mostly resident in Tirah, Jamrud and the Khyber Pass areas of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. 

Joséphine de Beauharnais

Joséphine de Beauharnais (23 June 1763 – 29 May 1814) was the first wife of Napoléon Bonaparte. This made her the first Empress of the French. Her first husband Alexandre de Beauharnais was guillotined during the Reign of Terror. 

She did not have any children with Napoleon, as a result, he divorced her in 1810. Then he married Marie Louise of Austria.

Helichrysum

Helichrysum is a type of flower. It has about 600 species in the sunflower family (Asteraceae). The name Helichrysum comes from two Greek words: "helisso" means to turn around and "chrysos" means gold.

It grows in Africa, Madagascar, Australasia and Eurasia. There are many species in South Africa.

Xerochrysum bicolor

Xerochrysum bicolor is a flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It grows in Tasmania, mainly near the coast.

It grows to about 40 cm in height and 50 cm wide. The flowerheads are on stalks. They have a diameter of 3 to 4 cm.

Abbotsford House

Abbotsford House near the town of Melrose in Roxburghshire in Scotland was the house of the writer Sir Walter Scott, where he lived from 1812 to 1832. He wrote a lot of historical adventure stories, many of which have been filmed for the cinema and television.

The house is now a museum dedicated to Scott's life and works. It is a category A listed building.

Walter Savage Landor

Walter Savage Landor (1775-1864) also known as WS Landor, was an English poet and essayist. 

He was the son of a doctor. He was sent to the famous Rugby School in 1784, but was removed in 1791, to avoid expulsion. He then went up to study at Trinity College, Oxford University but was also rusticated from there in 1794. After this, he developed some problems with his father, who was very angry at him, so Landor left his home. 

In 1794-95, he prepared his first book of poems, published in 1795 as "The Poems of Walter Savage Landor". This was followed by "Gebir" (1798), "Poetry" (1802), "Imaginary Conversations" (series, 1824-1829) and other works. 

He was also for some time married to Julia Thuillier and settled in France for a short time, then moved to Italy. After fighting with his wife, he left her and returned to England in 1835. In 1853 he published his last book, "Last Fruit off an Old Tree" and then, in 1858, left England again and went and settled in Europe. He died in 1864.

Mihailo Živanović

Mihailo Živanović (born Belgrade ), known as Mika-Žuti (Yellow), was one of the most inventive and best Serbian and Yugoslav clarinetist, saxophonist, a very prolific composer, conductor of RTB Light Music Orchestras and arranger.

Mihailo Mika Živanović - Žuti (Yellow) was born in Prota Mateja street in Belgrade in 1928.
His first contact with music, dating back to the 1936. It was when the father of an eight-year old Mika enrolled him in primary music school "Stanković" where he was first taught to play the piano. The year 1942 was crucial in his life because, upon hearing the sound of the clarinet through Radio London, he realized that this was what he wanted. And since then, fascinated by the beauty of jazz, he had regularly visited Concert Hall in Belgrade and listened to jazz concerts of then our masters (Elija Genić, Mladen Guteša, Vojin Popović and others), as well as of the foreign performers (Kari Burnett, German singer).

He attended the Third Male Grammar School and Secondary Music School "Stankovic", the piano department. He then enrolled at the Faculty of Sciences in Belgrade, department of chemistry, and left it for the music before graduation.
After the war, in 1945, Mihailo continued to learn the piano in Secondary Music School „Stanković“.

The biggest turning point in his life happened in 1946. This was when he saw and bought his first clarinet in a consignment shop. Since he had knowledge of music, he began to practice day and night, this time – clarinet.

At the age of eighteen, inspired by the music of Glenn Miller and Woody Herman Orchestra, he made a firm decision to devote his life to the clarinet and music and graduated the clarinet from Secondary Music School “Slavenski” in the class of professor Franjo Partlić.
Jazz was very appealing to Mihailo Živanović. Accomplishing himself in this field, in 1946 he formed a jazz orchestra "Fis-dur" which he named after his clarinet Fis-dur. The orchestra was led by Michael himself. Due to the quality, the orchestra had very soon become one of the most famous in Belgrade. The first members of the orchestra were: Milo Dimitrijević (guitar), Duško Radić (piano), Stanislav Sodermajer (drums) and Mihailo Živanović (clarinet).

He was anxious to learn and progress further in music in 1946. He continued to study clarinet at the "Allmusic Academy" where he met Eduard Sađil, also a student of clarinet.

Orchestra "Fis-dur" achieved success after success: performances, tours, great delight and standing ovations of the satisfied audience. In the year 1947, there was a large change in the orchestra with the new top musicians: Predrag Ivanović (trumpet), dr Aleksandar Pejić (accordion), Milovan Vukajlović-Genije (piano and accordion), Predrag Stefanović-Grof (-Count)(trombone) and Branko Pejaković (bass). Only Sodermajer and Živanović remained of the old members.

Important meeting with Boro Roković (a trumpeter, composer, arranger, pianist and accordionist) occurred while playing at a dance party in 1949. Bora heard him and was impressed by his talent. He wanted to help Mihajlo, introduce him more and better into the world of jazz and direct him to the true value. He offered him to join his orchestra. Živanović played there until the end of 1953. Soon he was invited by Aleksandar Nećak. He played in all three orchestras at the same time.

Orchestra "Fis-dur" existed until 1950.

Well-known trombonist Mladen Guteša founded Radio Belgrade Light Revue Orchestra on 18 January 1948. By the end of 1949. he invited Mihailo Živanović to become its member. Mihajlo was then a student of the "Music Academy" in the class of renowned professor Bruno Brun. For such a work and permanent employment, he had to get permission from his professor. Professor Bruno gave him consent.

In the Revue Orchestra Mihailo first played the baritone saxophone, and then the instrument which he had been studying - the clarinet. Radio Belgrade Revue Orchestra had many successful tours and concerts. One in Zagreb in 1953, which proved that Belgrade was the center of Yugoslav jazz.

Before the end of the study in 1954, persuaded by professors from the Academy, he left Radio Belgrade Revue Orchestra and got a job in the National Theatre Orchestra (Belgrade Opera) where he worked four years (until 1958).

As a student at the Academy he achieved a remarkable success in the "Yugoslav competition of young artists", clarinetist of classical music, in Skopje in 1954. There he won the second prize (the first was not awarded to anyone).

In 1955, he graduated clarinet successfully.

In 1955, Zivanovic founded "Mihailo Zivanovic’s Octet" in which he played the baritone saxophone. Alongside him, Predrag Ivanović played the trumpet, Nikola Dajzinger the alt saxophone, Eduard Sađil the tenor saxophone, Predrag Stefanović the trombone, Vojkan Đonovićić the guitar, Robert Hauber the piano and Rade Milivojević the drums.

Octet had been performing for 10 years with great success on radio stations in the country and abroad. It soon became one of the leading Yugoslav ensembles for contemporary and experimental jazz music.

Since 1958, almost to the last days of his life, he had been employed by the "Music Production branch of Radio Television of Serbia". That same year he became a permanent member of the Light String Orchestra led by Ilija Genić and later a conductor of the Jazz Orchestra i Revue Orchestra of Radio Television Belgrade.

In 1960, he became a member of "Serbian Composers Association".

In 1975, he was appointed head of the "Light Ensemble of RTB", and since 1978 permanent conductor of the "Light Orchestra of RTB" until his death.

Mihailo Živanović was a great composer. He wrote children’s and stage music, popular songs, pop songs, and concert music, as well as numerous compositions and arrangements for the Yugoslav radio and TV stations.
He continuously followed the developments in the world of jazz and light music and was always in the contemporary musical trends of his time. Over forty years, he extensively composed different genres of music with a great success. He wrote over 300 instrumental, light, and vocal-instrumental compositions.

Until then, only foreign jazz music was played by Belgrade jazz orchestras. Živanović was one of the first jazz musicians who began to compose modern domestic jazz, and which he engaged in with a great enthusiasm. Živanović enriched Yugoslav light and jazz music with his activity. His works have been recorded in the history of Yugoslav jazz culture.
He wrote the music and scene songs for the then popular singers such as: Arsen Dedić, Nada Knežević, Lola Novaković, Bisera and Senka Veletanlić, Anica Zubović, Dragan Stojnić, Tihomir Petrović, “Lutajuća srca”, Đorđe Marjanović, Zafir Hadžimanov, Krunoslav Slabinac, Dragan Mijalkovski and many others.

He was one of the most prolific creators of music for children.

At a time when engaged in the instrument, he was known as one of the most inventive and best soloist on the clarinet and baritone saxophone. He performed in concerts at home and abroad with a great success (Germany, Austria, Romania, USA). As a soloist, he represented his country at the Berlin concert in the series “Music knows no boundaries”.
At the Light Music Festivals Mihailo appeared as a conductor. He was the conductor of the RTB Light Music Orchestra and the first clarinetist of Belgrade RTV Symphonic Orchestra. Mihailo was proficient in making arrangements and in this field left his contributions.

Mihailo Mika Živanović began composing in 1950.

These works include:

These works include:

These works include:


These works include:

These works include:

Mihajlo Živanović was a composer who had written the most songs for children on the theme of friendship and camaraderie. 

These, and other songs were sang by RTB Children’s Choir, Branko Milićević, Predrag Panić and Dragan Laković.

The last 10 years of life, he was a regular collaborator of the Children’s Television. He had composed music for children’s TV series like:
("Cricket’s Album" and "Guess" are children’s compositions too, were recorded on gramophone records by PGP and on a dozen different records there are compositions interpreted by the popular singers of the time.)

For the Belgrade television show 

Mihailo Živanović won numerous awards in the field of art. Some of them were:


Nyakul Dawson

Nyakul Dawson (c. 1935 – 12 January 2007) was an Australian Aboriginal artist from Irrunytju. He was one of the earliest Ngaanyatjarra artists to achieve success using Western-style painting techniques. Examples of his work are held in the National Gallery of Victoria, and the Art Gallery of New South Wales.

Dawson was born near Mount Davies in the north-west corner of South Australia, around 1935. The exact year is not known, because he was born in the bush and grew up without any contact with Western society. He and his family, who belonged to the Ngaanyatjarra nation, lived a traditional, nomadic way of life in the desert. When he was a boy, Dawson began training as a "" (traditional healer) under his grandfather. He was taught about the country, the spiritual knowledge and law associated with it, and how to use traditional tools and methods to heal people.

In the 1950s, government patrols removed Dawson and his family from their homeland in order to escape the fallout from the nuclear tests at Maralinga. They were settled at Warburton, to the north-west, with many other Ngaanyatjarra families. It was at Warburton that he was given the surname "Dawson". His nomadic childhood in the desert made him an expert on how to survive in the wilderness. He was often used as a guide in prospecting expeditions.

While living at Warburton, Dawson married a woman named Alkawari. They moved to Irrunytju, closer to Dawson's home country, and had three children during the 1970s. Dawson married again much later, to Anmanari Brown. Anmanari had also been married before, and her several children became part of his family. Dawson remained highly respected as a community elder and traditional healer until his death.

Dawson began painting in 2002, aged in his 60s. The year before, the women of Irrunytju had opened an art centre in the community, called Irrunytju Arts. His wife, Anmanari, had already been painting at the centre for several months, and Dawson joined her along with several of the community's other senior men. Dawson's first wife, Alkawari, also became a successful artist at Irrunytju.

Dawson's paintings depict creation stories from the Dreamtime and concepts from his spirituality. They illustrate his family's Dreaming and how their ancestors created the land. His birthplace is on the Dreaming track (or "songline") of the (Goanna Man), the path travelled by one of his ancestors from the Dreamtime whose totem is the perentie lizard. The scenes in his paintings are from the places he travelled as a boy with his family in the central Australian desert.

Dawson was a member of the Executive Committee of Desart for several years until November 2006. In June 2006, he travelled to Paris for the opening of the Musée du quai Branly. He was there with the Australia Council for the Arts as a representative for Aboriginal Australian art.

Dawson died some time at the start of January 2007, while driving with his nephew (Jarman Woods) across the Great Victoria Desert. They had spent Christmas with relatives in Kalgoorlie and were returning home by a long, isolated track in the desert. The track between Kalgoorlie and Irrunytju is over , a journey that they had made many times before.

Their car got a flat tyre some time after leaving Coonana. They were reported missing on 8 January at Tjuntjuntjara, the next community on their route. The two men died of dehydration. Dawson was also a diabetic, which made him much more vulnerable in the extreme heat. His body was found on 12 January, a little over two weeks after they left Kalgoorlie. It was found close to the car, about east of Kalgoorlie. Woods' body was found a few kilometres further away.

List of football clubs in Azerbaijan

This is a list of football clubs in Azerbaijan, sub-divided into leagues where known.


Thomson–East Coast MRT line

The Thomson-East Coast Line (TEL) is the sixth MRT line in Singapore. It is the fourth line to be fully automated and driverless in Singapore. The line will be 43 km (27 mi) long, with 31 stations. The line is colored brown on the MRT Rail map.

The Thomson Line section was announced on 29 August 2012. The Eastern Region Line section was announced on 15 August 2014. Both were put together to form the Thomson-East Coast Line.

The first and second stage of the line opened on 31 January 2020 and August 28, 2021. The third stage opened on November 13, 2022 with the other two stages expected to open from 2024 to 2025. It interchanges with all existing lines. When the first three stages opened, it is expected to serve about 500,000 commuters daily.


The Bridges of Madison County

The Bridges of Madison County is a 1992 fictional novel written by American author, Robert James Waller. The book was published by Warner Books, Inc. In the first chapter, “The Beginning,” the author misleads the readers by saying that the book is a true story. It is actually a work of fiction. The main character, Kincaid, has the same first name as author and is a photographer and an artist, as was Robert James Waller. 

The book is a love story about an Italian woman, Francesca Johnson, a farmer’s wife, who falls in love with Robert Kincaid, a photojournalist from Bellingham, Washington over a four-day period. The story is set in Madison County, Iowa. Winterset, the nearby town, is quite small, according to the book.

The novel has been translated into 25 languages and has sold 50 million copies worldwide. It was on the New York Times best seller list for 164 weeks from 1992 until 1995. The story was made into a movie in 1995, directed by Clint Eastwood. Meryl Streep plays Francesca Johnson and Clint Eastwood plays Robert Kincaid. 

Francesca Johnson is a conservative Italian woman in her mid-forties, living a quiet, conventional life on an Iowa farm. Over a four-day period, while her husband and children are away, she meets and falls in love with Robert Kinkaid, a National Geographic photojournalist. She wants to run away with him, but ultimately stays to protect her family from the hurt and scandal it would cause. Her time with Robert is carefully conducted as she lives in a small community where the local residents know everyone else's business. Though devoted to her family, she loathes her dull life. Francesca's teen children take her for granted and her kindly husband does not fulfill her romantic needs. Robert's presence reawakens her femininity and passion. She often feels unappreciated, much like the covered bridges which the locals consider to be worn out but are always there. Robert admires the elegant covered bridges. While Francesca feels undervalued by her family and is just getting older, Robert sees her true beauty.

Robert Kincaid is a photojournalist, currently working for National Geographic magazine. Kinkaid, a divorced man in his early-fifties, lives a nomadic life, traveling the world on assignments, unencumbered by attachments to people or places. A poetic and sensitive man, he dislikes modern civilization and how computers and robots are taking over people's lives. He is an attractive, though not handsome, man. The women he has dated saw something powerful in him, and often compared to an animal such as leopard or peregrine. He falls deeply in love with Francesca, who he considers a far more complicated woman than others realize. 

Francesca Johnson is from Naples, Italy. She married Richard Johnson, a WWII soldier, and moved to Iowa with him, becoming a farmer’s wife. For Francesca, who studied literature and is a former teacher, rural life is dull and monotonous. One summer day in 1965, Robert Kincaid visits Madison County in Iowa. He is on assignment to photograph historic covered bridges for a National Geographic article. Unable to find Roseman Bridge, he stops by the Johnson farm to ask for directions. Francesca's husband and two teenage children are away for four days, attending the Illinois State Fair. Francesca guides Robert to the bridge. After, she invites him to stay for dinner. He and Francesca develop an immediate attraction to one another. 

Later that night, Francesca drives to Roseman Bridge and leaves a note inviting Robert to dine with her again. He finds it the next morning and calls to ask her to go to another covered bridge with him, then joins her for dinner. They make love, knowing they have little time together. When their dream-like period is nearly over, Robert asks Francesca to leave with him. She almost does, but is unable to abandon her family, knowing the pain and suffering it would cause them. She also realizes that she would be unable to live with the guilt over hurting her husband and children and it would destroy her relationship with Robert. He unhappily accepts her decision. 

Robert and Francesca never meet again. After her husband's death, Francesca attempted to contact Robert, but his whereabouts by then were unknown as he no longer worked for the National Geographic. Three years later, an attorney sends Francesca a package containing Robert’s belongings, including his cameras, his published photo book, and a letter. Robert has died and his ashes were scattered at the Roseman Bridge. When Francesca passes away, her children learn about the affair from a journal she has left them. She requests to be cremated and her ashes be scattered at Roseman Bridge. Her children are initially shocked by her request. They finally respect the love their mother had for Robert and agree to publish the love story.


Massimo Firpo

Massimo Firpo (Turin, 1946) is an Italian historian.

Firpo teaches early modern history at the University of Turin and at the Scuola Normale Superiore of Pisa. He is a member of the Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei.

He studied at the University of Turin (where he was a pupil of Franco Venturi, and where he obtained his "laurea" in 1969 with a thesis about "Pietro Bizzarri esule Italiano del Cinquecento", published in 1971). Subsequently he has been Accademia dei Lincei fellow at the Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa. He has taught early modern history at the Faculty of Political Sciences of the University of Cagliari. Ha has been fellow or visiting professor at the Newberry Library, Chicago, at the Cornell University, Ithaca and at the University of Oxford (where in 2006 he was "Isaiah Berlin" visiting professor).

He started his researches studying the heretical movements of the 16th century and focusing on the Italian heretical diaspora in Eastern Europe, radical movements such as Antitrinitarianism and Socinianism and the relations between this cultural tradition, the deism and the origins of Enlightenment thought.

Subsequently his studies have dealt with the Italian religious crisis of the 16th century, focusing especially on Juan de Valdés, Reginald Pole, Giovanni Morone and the Spirituali movements and on the role played by the Roman Inquisition in these decades.

He has published the critical edition of the most important inquisitorial trials of the Italian 16th century (Giovanni Morone, Pietro Carnesecchi, Vittore Soranzo).

He has also published many studies of art history (especially about Pontormo, Lorenzo Lotto and Battista Franco and the relations between their works and the new religious ideas).

His father, Luigi Firpo (1915-1989), was a prominent Italian historian, professor of history of political thought at the Faculties of Law and Political Sciences at the University of Turin, and a member of the Italian Republican Party.






Subprefectures of Japan

Each subprefecture is part of the greater administration of the prefecture and the national state. It is also as part of a self-government system. 

Subprefectures were given a definite form in 1878 ("Meiji 11). 

The Meiji government established the as an administrative unit. 

In 1888 ("Meiji 21"), the sub-prefecture as a form of self-government was officially recognized as more general than civic corporations like cities, towns and villages. 
Some prefectures of Japan include subprefectures. The subprefecture is the jurisdiction surrounding a "branch office" of the prefectural government. 




Core city

In urban planning, a core city, principal city metropolitan core, or central city, is the largest or most important city or cities of a metropolitan area. A core city is surrounded by smaller satellite cities, towns, and suburbs.

Joe Hayashi

Joe J. Hayashi (August 14, 1920-April 22, 1945) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Hayashi was born in Salinas, California. He was the son of immigrants who were born in Japan. He is a "Nisei", which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American.

Six months before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Hayashi joined the US Army in May 1941.

Hayashi volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 442nd Regimental Combat Team. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in April 1945, Hayashi was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Hayashi's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, his family was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Hayashi's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in northern Italy in 1945. He led an attack on strongly defended positions; and without help from others, he silenced three machine guns.

The words of Hayashi's citation explain:
Private Joe Hayashi distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 20 and 22 April 1945, near Tendola, Italy. On 20 April 1945, ordered to attack a strongly defended hill that commanded all approaches to the village of Tendola, Private Hayashi skillfully led his men to a point within 75 yards of enemy positions before they were detected and fired upon. After dragging his wounded comrades to safety, he returned alone and exposed himself to small arms fire in order to direct and adjust mortar fire against hostile emplacements. Boldly attacking the hill with the remaining men of his squad, he attained his objective and discovered that the mortars had neutralized three machine guns, killed 27 men, and wounded many others. On 22 April 1945, attacking the village of Tendola, Private Hayashi maneuvered his squad up a steep, terraced hill to within 100 yards of the enemy. Crawling under intense fire to a hostile machine gun position, he threw a grenade, killing one enemy soldier and forcing the other members of the gun crew to surrender. Seeing four enemy machine guns delivering deadly fire upon other elements of his platoon, he threw another grenade, destroying a machine gun nest. He then crawled to the right flank of another machine gun position where he killed four enemy soldiers and forced the others to flee. Attempting to pursue the enemy, he was mortally wounded by a burst of machine pistol fire. The dauntless courage and exemplary leadership of Private Hayashi enabled his company to attain its objective. Private Hayashi's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.



Dobermann

Dobermann or Doberman Pinscher is a medium to large dog breed. It originated in Germany about 1890. It was named after a tax collector, Friedrich Louis Doberman (1834-1894), who wanted a dog as a companion and for protection. Doberman Pinschers are known as being very intelligent, loyal and fearless dogs. They are used by police forces, search and rescue dogs, guard dogs and as guide dogs for blind people.

The Doberman is a dog of medium large size. Although the breed standards vary among kennel and breed clubs, according to the FCI standard the dog typically stands between and The Kennel Club in the UK quote as being ideal. The female is typically somewhere between . A height of is considered ideal.

Dobermans have short smooth coats which are most commonly black. Less common are red (reddish-brown), blue, or fawn-colored coats. Blue and fawn colored Dobermans usually have rust-colored (reddish-brown) markings on their legs, chest and heads.

Normally a Doberman puppy has floppy ears and a long tail. While still a puppy, the tails are often shortened by surgery (called "docking") which heals quickly and causes the puppy very little pain. The ears are cut to a point and so they stand up (called "cropping"). This takes longer to heal. Cropping is considered by many to be unnecessary and is illegal in much of Europe. But it is still done in the United States and is part of the standard.

People who think they are like any other dogs or are often vicious and dangerous are for the most part wrong. It is true that any dog that is mistreated or not taken care of can become dangerous. Viciousness is a learned behavior and few dogs, including the Doberman, are naturally vicious. Dobermans can be protective and guarded or they can be sweet and eager to please. To get the desired temperament, training should start when the dog is about 8 months old.

The American Kennel Club describes the Doberman as"

George Steinbrenner

George Michael Steinbrenner III (July 4, 1930 – July 13, 2010) was an American businessman who was the owner of the New York Yankees from 1973 until his death in 2010. He made his initial fortune as part of the Great Lakes shipping industry. After purchasing the Yankees, Steinbrenner made headlines for his meddling with team affairs, such as instilling a policy that prohibits facial hair and setting a trend with paying big salaries to marquee free agents like Reggie Jackson and Catfish Hunter. Manager Billy Martin alone was fired on five separate occasions. 

Steinbrenner was born on July 4, 1930 in Rocky River, Ohio a suburb of Cleveland, Ohio. He studied at Williams College and at Ohio State University. He was married to Elizabeth Joan Zieg from 1956 until his death 2010. He had four children. Steinbrenner died on July 13, 2010 in Tampa, Florida from a heart attack, aged 80. He died 9 days after his 80th birthday.

A fictionalized version of George Steinbrenner was a recurring character on the popular NBC sitcom Seinfeld, voiced by series creator Larry David. 


Bob Sheppard

Robert Leo "Bob" Sheppard (October 20, 1910 – July 11, 2010) was an American journalist and announcer for the New York Yankees from 1951 until 2007 and for the New York Giants from 1956 until 2006. 

Sheppard was born on October 20, 1910 in Richmond Hill, Queens, New York. He studied at St. John's Preparatory School, at St. John's University, and at Columbia University. He was married to Margaret Sheppard until her death in 1959. They had four children. Then he was married to Mary Hoffman from 1961 until his death in 2010. Sheppard died on July 11, 2010 in Baldwin, New York from natural causes, aged 99.


William Makepeace Thackeray

William Makepeace Thackeray (18 July 1811 – 24 December 1863) was an English writer. He is most famous for his novel, Vanity Fair. The title is from a place in Pilgrim's Progress.
The novel is about the adventures of Becky Sharp, an ambitious girl who wishes to rise in English society.

Rebecca

Rebecca [ ri-bek-"uh" ] is a female name. It is the name of Isaac's wife in the Book of Genesis. (Chapter 24). Rebecca is a moniker that has enjoyed widespread popularity for centuries and boasts a fascinating backstory and significance. Its Hebrew roots give it the meaning of "to tie, to bind, to snare," stemming from the term "Ribqah," which signifies "to bind firmly." Additionally, the name is linked to the biblical figure of Rebecca, who was Isaac's spouse and the mother of Jacob and Esau. It is a popular name for girls in English speaking countries. Nicknames include Becky, Becca, Beck, And Bex/Becks.
The name Rebecca is the English translation Of the name רבקה (Rivka). This name was ranked #304 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Sardar

Sardar or Sirdar or Serdar, is a title of nobility in India, Pakistan, Iran and Afghanistan. 

The word is from the old Sanskrit and Avesta languages. It means a prince, nobleman, tribal chief or leader or other aristocrat. In some tribes and ethnic groups in India and Pakistan, especially among the Baloch people and Punjabis, it is quite commonly used to denote even certain families of noble origins.

Cameroon (sheep)

The Cameroon () is a domesticated breed of sheep from west Africa which has been exported to Europe. As of 2008, there were less than 650 but the population was increasing.

The Cameroon is a hair sheep which it sheds yearly in the spring. Ewes can raise two lamb crops per year. Their most common color is brown with a black belly, head, and legs.


Alpial

The Alpial are a Muslim Rajput tribe of Punjab (Pakistan). They are mostly found in Rawalpindi District, Attock District and Chakwal District of the northern Punjab.<ref>

Shizuya Hayashi

Shizuya Hayashi (November 28, 1917-March 12, 2008) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.
Hayashi was born in Waiakea, Hawaii. He was the son of immigrants who were born in Japan. He was a "Nisei", which means that he was a second generation Japanese-American.

Nine months before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Hayashi joined the US Army in March 1941. He was given the nickname "Cesar" because his sergeant could not pronounce his name.

Hayashi volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 100th Infantry Battalion. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in November 1943, Hayashi was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Hayashi's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, he was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Hayashi's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in central Italy in 1943. Without help from others, he silenced a machine gun nest and an anti-aircraft gun.

The words of Hayashi's citation explain:
Private Shizuya Hayashi distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 29 November 1943, near Cerasuolo, Italy. During a flank assault on high ground held by the enemy, Private Hayashi rose alone in the face of grenade, rifle, and machine gun fire. Firing his automatic rifle from the hip, he charged and overtook an enemy machine gun position, killing seven men in the nest and two more as they fled. After his platoon advanced 200 yards from this point, an enemy antiaircraft gun opened fire on the men. Private Hayashi returned fire at the hostile position, killing nine of the enemy, taking four prisoners, and forcing the remainder of the force to withdraw from the hill. Private Hayashi’s extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.



Four Freedoms Award

The Four Freedoms Award is an annual award. It is presented to people and organisations who have "demonstrated" the principles of the "Four Freedoms" of US-president Franklin Delano Roosevelt.

President Roosevelt described his "Four Freedoms" during the State of the Union speech of 6 January 1941. In his speech he said that if democracy is to survive and flourish, people everywhere in the world are entitled to four human rights: freedom of speech and expression, freedom of worship, freedom from want and freedom from fear.

The awards have been given since 1982, alternately in the United States and the Netherlands. In odd years the awards are given to Americans by the Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt Institute in Hyde Park, New York. In some years special awards have been given.

In even years the award ceremony is held in Middelburg and honours non-Americans. The choice for Middelburg was motivated by the suspected descendance of the family Roosevelt from the village of Oud-Vossemeer in the province of Zeeland.

The speech delivered by President Roosevelt incorporated the following

In the future days, which we seek to make secure, we look forward to a world founded upon four essential human freedoms.
That is no vision of a distant millennium. It is a definite basis for a kind of world attainable in our own time and generation. That kind of world is the very antithesis of the so-called new order of tyranny which the dictators seek to create with the crash of a bomb.—Franklin D. Roosevelt, excerpted from the State of the Union Address to the Congress, January 6, 1941



Flare star

A flare star is a variable star that becomes very much brighter unpredictably for a few minutes at a time.

Flares happen on flare stars in a similar way to solar flares. They are magnetic disturbances in the atmosphere of stars. The brightness increases across the spectrum, from X rays to radio waves. 

The first known flare stars were discovered in 1924, they were V1396 Cygni and AT Microscopii. Still the best-known flare star is UV Ceti, that star was discovered in 1948. Today similar flare stars are classified as UV Ceti type variable stars in variable star catalogs. Flares can happen once every few days or, as in the case of Barnard's Star, much less frequently. Proxima Centauri, the nearest star to the Solar System, is also a flare star.

Most flare stars are dim red dwarfs, although less massive (lighter) brown dwarfs might also be able to flare. The more massive (heavier) RS Canum Venaticorum variables (RS CVn) are also known to flare, but scientists understand that a companion star in a binary system causes these flares. This companion star disturbs the magnetic field. Nine stars similar to the Sun have also been seen to flare. There is a suggestion that this happens for similar reasons to the flares of the RS CVn variables. A companion causes the flares, this companion is a massive planet like the planet Jupiter that orbits the flaring star closely.

Flare stars are give off relatively little light, but have been found as far away as 1,000 light years from Earth.

Proxima Centauri is closer to the sun than any other star and is a flare star. Proxima Centauri increases its brightness randomly and magnetic force causes this. Convection creates a magnetic field throughout the matter in Proxima Centauri, and this leads to flaring with a total X-ray output similar to that of the Sun though the sun is much more massive (heavier) than Proxima Centauri.

The flare star Wolf 359 is another star relatively near the Solar System in the constellation of Leo and has other names (designations) as well. It is a red dwarf of spectral class M6.5 and emits X-rays. It is a UV Ceti flare star, and flares relatively often.

The mean (average) magnetic field varies significantly during periods of time as short as six hours. By comparison, the magnetic field of the Sun averages (), although it can rise as high as () in active sunspot regions.

Barnard's Star is the second nearest star system to our sun and scientists suspect it is a flare star.

TVLM513-46546 is the name scientists give to a flare star with very low mass. This small star is only just heavy enough to count as a red dwarf.

Ed Sheeran

Edward Christopher “Ed” Sheeran (born 17 February 1991) is a British singer-songwriter and guitarist. He also writes and produces songs on his own and created his label, Paw Print Records. Sheeran is recognized for doing pop music. He was born in Halifax, West Yorkshire. As a child, he lived in Framlingham, Suffolk, England.

Edward Christopher Sheeran was born on 17 February 1991 in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England. His father worked as an art curator at Cartwright Hall, his mother worked at Manchester City Art Gallery. Sheeran started writing music in his early teen's. 

In 2005, Sheeran started publishing some EP albums. The first one has been named "Orange Room EP". He continued publishing EPs until 2010 when he released "Songs I Wrote with Amy". It was the last EP released before publishing his number one popular album "+".

He then moved to London in 2008 to start a music career. He first played in various events and also made an EP. Then he signed a contract with a record company, Atlantic Records.

In 2011 he made his first album, called "+". The album went to number one in the music rankings of many countries and had also been certified double platinum. Some of the songs on this album have been successful, such as "The A Team" and "Lego House" (leaked as the third single of the album in November 2011). Also, the song "You Need Me, I Don't Need You" was released as the second single in August before the album came out. As the fourth single, "Drunk" was out in January 2012. Finally, the song "Give Me Love" was released as the sixth and final single of "+", on 26 November. From this album, his first single "The A Team" has been recently nominated in the Song of the Year category for the 2013 Grammy Awards. Sheeran was nominated in many categories at the 2013 BRIT Awards.

Sheeran performed at the 2012 Olympic Games Closing Ceremony on 12 August. He performed a cover of the song Wish You Were Here by Pink Floyd.

He collaborated with Taylor Swift on her fourth album "Red", doing a duet with her on the song "Everything Has Changed". He has also written songs for One Direction. He wrote the song "Moment" and gave it to One Direction in 2011. He co-wrote two songs that were on their second album "Take Me Home". He first gave them the song "Little Things" that he had written with his friend Fiona Bevan when he was 17 years-old. As well as this, co-wrote the song "Over Again".

"Don't", Sheeran's #3 song on his album "×" (pronounced "multiply"), was released in 2014 and was nominated for several awards. The song was about how Ellie Goulding was cheating on him with One Direction's Niall Horan. In the song, it says, "it's not like we were both on tour. We were staying on the same hotel floor." Goulding did, in fact, cheat on him while they were staying in the same hotel. Sheeran thought it was very easy to forgive Goulding after he found out about it.

The most successful single from "×" was "Thinking Out Loud", which reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and finished at the number-two song of 2015 in the United States. Sheeran won Grammy Awards for Song of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance for the song.

Sheeran collaborated with Justin Bieber on Bieber's album "Purpose". He co-wrote the song "Love Yourself", which became a number-one hit for Bieber in the UK, US, Canada, and Australia, and the song finished as the number-one song of 2016 in the US.

Sheeran's third studio album, "÷" ("divide"), was released on 3 March 2017. He released the two singles "Shape of You" and "Castle on the Hill" in January 2017. "Shape of You" became his first number-one hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 when it entered at the top of the chart. The song has reached number one in several countries around the world, and "Castle on the Hill" has become a top-ten hit. Sheeran became the first artist to have songs enter at numbers one and two at the same time on the UK Singles Chart when the first single was at the top and "Castle on the Hill" was at number two. His song <nowiki>"Galway Girl"</nowiki> has reached the number one position in the Scotland and Ireland singles charts. All of the album's songs were within the top 20 of the UK Singles Chart.

In December 2017, Sheeran released the single "Perfect". He later released an acoustic duet version with singer Beyoncé and an orchestral version with Andrea Bocelli. The song went on to top the charts of several countries worldwide.

In May 2019, Sheeran released the song "I Don't Care" (with Justin Bieber) as the first single from his then-upcoming album, "No. 6 Collaborations Project". The song reached number one in Australia and the UK and number two in Canada and the US. The album also includes the songs "Cross Me" (with Chance the Rapper); "BLOW" (with PnB Rock, Bruno Mars, and Chris Stapleton); and "South of the Border" (with Camila Cabello and Cardi B).

On 25 June 2021, Sheeran released the upbeat single "Bad Habits". In 19 August, he announced his fifth album, "=" will be released on 29 October. Before the album will be released, Sheeran also released "Shivers" and the promotional single "Visiting Hours".

Ed Sheeran has won many prizes, for example the award for Best British Male Solo Artist at the 2012 BRIT Awards. He has also won four Grammy Awards.

Despite his popularity and fame, Sheeran has been spotted smoking several times. In an interview with Ryan Seacrest, published on YouTube on 5 March 2014, Sheeran revealed that smoking is his worst habit. After ten years as a smoker, he now claims to be smoke-free. However, in an article published on the Daily Mail website, on 19 March 2015, he was spotted smoking a roll-up cigarette, outside a hotel in Brisbane. He has since quit smoking again.

Sheeran announced that he became engaged to his longtime girlfriend, Cherry Seaborn, over Christmas 2017. They married the following year. They have two daughters together, Lyra Antarctica (born 2020) and Jupiter (born 2022).


Italian Libya

Italian Libya was a colony of the Kingdom of Italy, from 1911 to (officially) 1947.

Italy conquered Libya in 1911 from the Ottoman Empire. Libyan Muslims continued fighting against the Christian Italians for some years, mainly during World War I.

Fighting increased after the dictator Benito Mussolini took power in Italy. Idris (later King of Libya) fled to Egypt in 1922. From 1922 to 1928, Italian forces under General Badoglio waged a "punitive pacification" campaign. Badoglio's successor in the field, Marshal Rodolfo Graziani, accepted the commission from Mussolini on the condition that he was allowed to crush Libyan resistance without having to follow either Italian or international law. Mussolini reportedly agreed immediately and Graziani intensified the oppression. Some Libyans continued to defend themselves, with the strongest voices of dissent coming from Cyrenaica. Omar Mukhtar, a sheikh of the Sennusi tribe, became the leader of the uprising.

After a much-disputed truce on 3 January 1928, the Italian policy in Libya reached the level of full-scale war, including deportation and concentration of people of northern Cyrenaica to deny the rebels the support of the local population. After Omar Mukhtar's capture September 15, 1931 and his execution in Benghazi, the resistance gradually disappeared. Limited resistance to the Italian occupation crystallized round Sheik Idris, the Sennusi Emir of Cyrenaica.

By 1934, Libya was fully pacified and the new Italian governor started a policy of integration between the Arabs and the Italians. New laws in 1939 allowed Muslims to join the National Fascist Party and in particular the "Muslim Association of the Lictor" ("Associazione Musulmana del Littorio"). The 1939 reforms also allowed the creation of Libyan military units within the Italian army. During the North African Campaign of World War II this brought strong support for Italy among many Muslim Libyans, who enrolled in the Italian Army 

Governor Balbo created "Libya" in 1934, with the unification of Tripolitania, Cyrenaica and Fezzan in a single country. He developed the new "Italian Libya" from 1934 to 1940, creating a huge infrastructure including 4,000 km of roads, 400 km of narrow gauge railways, new industries, and many new agricultural villages.

The Libyan economy prospered, mainly in the agricultural sector. Even some manufacturing activities were developed, mostly related to the food industry. Many building were made. Furthermore, the Italians made modern medical care available for the first time in Libya and improved sanitary conditions in the towns. It was also created a huge web of connections to Italy, by sea and by air (like the Linea dell'Impero, an air route that united Libya with Rome and with Ethiopia/Somalia).

The italian language in libya was commonly used in the main cities and was understood by nearly all the native arab population in the early 1940s.

Howard Christie wrote that:

"The Italians started numerous and diverse businesses in Tripolitania and Cirenaica. These included an explosives factory, railway workshops, Fiat Motor works, various food processing plants, electrical engineering workshops, ironworks, water plants, agricultural machinery factories, breweries, distilleries, biscuit factories, a tobacco factory, tanneries, bakeries, lime, brick and cement works, Esparto grass industry, mechanical saw mills, and the Petrolibya Society (Trye 1998). Italian investment in her colony was to take advantage of new colonists and to make it more self-sufficient. Total native Italian population for Libya was 110,575 out of a total population of 915,440 in 1940 (General Staff War Office 1939, 165/b)."

Governor Balbo promoted the construction of many new villages for many thousands of Italian colonists in the coastal areas of "Italian Libya" and of new villages for the Arabs.

Libya was an important theater of war in World War II. On 13 September 1940, Italian forces used the "Via Balbia" (Mussolini's highway in northern Libya) for the invasion of Egypt. British and allied Allied forces from Egypt, commanded by Wavell made a successful two-month campaign in (Tobruk, Bengasi, El Agheila). Counteroffensives under Rommel in 1940-43, also took place here. In November 1942, the Allied forces retook Cyrenaica; by February 1943, the last German and Italian soldiers were driven from Libya.


National Democratic Front of Bodoland

The National Democratic Front of Bodoland, also known as NDFB or the Bodo Security Force, is an militant group in Assam, India. They want to make an independent Bodoland for the indigenous Bodo people. The founder of the organization, Ransaigra Nabla Daimary (Ranjan Daimary) has been arrested and detained by Indian government.

Richard J. Daley

Richard Joseph Daley (May 15, 1902 – December 20, 1976) was an American politician who served for 21 years as the mayor of Chicago. He was one of the biggest bosses of the Democratic Party in the United States. At his time while being the mayor, he was one of the most well-known Irish-Americans. His son, Richard M. Daley was also the mayor of Chicago for 22 years. He is also the father of William M. Daley.

Daley was born in Bridgeport, Chicago, Illinois. He studied at DePaul University. He was married to Eleanor "Sis" Daley from 1936 until his death in 1976. They had 7 children. Daley died on December 20, 1976 in Chicago, Illinois from a heart attack, aged 74.


Harold Washington

Harold Lee Washington (April 15, 1922 – November 25, 1987) was an American lawyer and politician. He became the first African-American Mayor of Chicago, serving from 1983 until his death in 1987. Before, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives, representing Illinois's 1st congressional district. He was also a member of the Illinois State Senate and Illinois House of Representatives.

Washington was born on April 15, 1922 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Roosevelt College and at Northwestern University School of Law. 

He was married to Nancy Dorothy Finch from 1942 until they divorced in 1950. Then he was engaged to Mary Ella Smith until his death in 1987. 

During his first term as mayor, Washington led the city through the "council wars" which were intense political disagreements between city hall and the city council. Despite this, Washington enjoyed positive approval among the city's residents.

Washington died suddenly on November 25, 1987 in Chicago City Hall from a heart attack, aged 65.

A 1993 survey of historians, political scientists and urban experts conducted by the University of Illinois at Chicago ranked Washington as the nineteenth-best American big-city mayor to have served between the years 1820 and 1993. The Harold Washington Library is named after him.


Chicago City Hall

Chicago City Hall is the official city hall of the City of Chicago in Illinois, United States. Next to the Richard J. Daley Center and the James R. Thompson Center, the building that includes Chicago City Hall has the offices of the mayor. The building's east side (called the County Building) is for offices of Cook County. It is on a city block bounded by Randolph, LaSalle, Washington, and Clark streets. The 11-story building was designed by the architectural firm Holabird & Roche in the classical revival style. The building was officially dedicated on February 27, 1911.


Anton Cermak

Antonín Josef Čermák (May 9, 1873 – March 6, 1933) was an American politician of Czech origin. He was best known as the mayor of Chicago. He was mayor from 1931 until his assassination in 1933.

Antonín Josef Čermák was born on May 9, 1873 in Kladno, Austria-Hungary. He was married to Mary Horejas until his death in 1933. They have one daughter, Helena.

Cermak was elected president of the Cook County Board of Commissioners in 1922, chairman of the Cook County Democratic Party in 1928, and mayor of Chicago in 1931. In 1928 he ran for the United States Senate and was defeated by Republican Otis F. Glenn, receiving 46% of the vote.

His mayoral victory came in the wake of the Great Depression and the deep resentment many Chicagoans had of Prohibition and the increasing violence resulting from organized crime's control of Chicago, typified by the St. Valentine's Day Massacre.

Cermak was mortally shot while being at a Democratic Party convention for Franklin D. Roosevelt on February 15, 1933 that was supposed attempt to assassinate Roosevelt. He died 19 days later from injury he sustained. He was 59 years old. 4 other people were also shot but received their minor injuries. Later doctors said Cermak would have lived if he had never had colitis.

His only daughter, Helena married future Governor of Illinois Otto Kerner, Jr.


Jane Byrne

Jane Margaret Byrne (May 24, 1933 – November 14, 2014) was the first female mayor of Chicago. She served from April 16, 1979 to April 29, 1983. She lost her re-election in 1983 to Harold Washington.

Byrne was born on May 24, 1933 in Chicago, Illinois. She studied at DePaul University. She was married to William Byrne from 1956 until his death in 1959. Then she was married to Jay McMullen from 1978 until his death in 1992. She had a daughter, Kathy by William Byrne. William Bryne died in an airplane accident.

Byrne died in Chicago, Illinois from complications of a stroke, aged 81.


Carter Harrison Jr.

Carter Henry Harrison, Jr. (April 23, 1860 – December 25, 1953) served as Mayor of Chicago (1897–1905 and 1911–1915). As the City's 30th mayor, he was the first mayor actually born in Chicago. His father was Mayor of Chicago, Carter Harrison, Sr..

Carter was born on April 23, 1860 in Chicago, Illinois. His father, Carter Harrison, Sr. was already the mayor but was assassinated while in office. He was married to Edith Ogden. He had two children. Harrison died on December 25, 1953 in Chicago, Illinois from natural causes, aged 93.


Carter Harrison, Sr.

Carter Henry Harrison, Sr. (February 15, 1825 – October 28, 1893) was an American politician who was mayor of Chicago from 1879 until 1887; he was elected to a fifth term in 1893 but was assassinated before completing his term.

He previously served two terms in the United States House of Representatives. Harrison was the first cousin twice removed of President William Henry Harrison. He is also related to President Benjamin Harrison. His son, Carter Harrison, Jr. would later become Mayor of Chicago.

Harrison was born on February 15, 1825 in Fayette County, Kentucky. He studied at Yale University. He was married two times and secretly engaged to another before his death. Harrison died on October 28, 1893 after being shot and killed in his home in Chicago, Illinois, aged 68.

Anmanari Brown

Anmanari Brown is an Australian Aboriginal artist. She was one of the pioneers of the art movement across the Ngaanyatjarra, Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara lands, which began in 2000. Since then, her paintings have gained much success. Her work is held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Art Gallery of Western Australia, the Queensland Art Gallery, and the National Gallery of Australia.

Brown was born roughly some time during the 1930s. She was born at Purpurna, a waterhole that is sacred to the Pitjantjatjara. She grew up living a traditional, nomadic way of life in the bush with her family, before any contact with Euro-Australian society. In the 1950s, her family was moved out of the bush to live at Warburton, with many other Aboriginal families. Warburton was a Christian mission at the time, and Brown was taught at school here by missionaries. When she was older, Brown moved to Irrunytju and married Nyakul Dawson.

Brown began work as an artist in 2000. The women of Irrunytju had opened an art centre as an community-owned economic program. Anmanari and other senior women in the community began painting for Irrunytju Arts on linen canvases. Their first exhibition was held in 2001, in Perth. The art mixed modern painting techniques with ancient designs and cultural law.

From the beginning of her career, Brown often painted with her friend Tjayanka Woods. When Brown's husband died in 2007, she and Woods left Irrunytju and went to live at Papulankutja, on Ngaanyatjarra lands. Here, they paint for Papulankutja Artists. In April 2010, the two women held their first solo exhibition together at the Vivien Anderson Gallery in Melbourne.

Brown mostly paints the (Seven Sisters Dreaming). Her connection to this Dreaming comes from her mother, whose homeland is Kuru Ala, a sacred place for women. The paintings in her solo show depicted stories from this Dreaming. 

Brown's paintings are not figurative. She does not explicitly depict figures or features of the landscape, but she does use iconographic symbols to represent them. She uses patterned lines to represent tracks in a journey, or seven small shapes or lines to represent the sisters. She also sometimes uses colour symbolically. While Brown mainly paints directly on canvas, several of her works are made from screen-printing methods.


Levi Boone

Levi Day Boone (December 6, 1808 – January 24, 1882) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1855–1856) for the American Party (Know-Nothings).

Boone was born near Lexington, Kentucky. He studied at Transylvania University. He became a doctor. Boone was married to Louise M. Smith. They had 11 children. In 1862, Boone was arrested and briefly held in Camp Douglas on suspicion that he had helped a Confederate prisoner to escape. 

Boone first ran for mayor of Chicago in 1855. He campaigned on a platform attacking Catholics and immigrants. After he was elected, he ordered the enforcement of a law against selling alcohol on Sundays -- but only in immigrant neighborhoods. On April 21, 1854, protesters, who did not like the bars being closed on Sudnays, fought with police, who supported Boone. "One protester was killed and dozens wounded in the brief clash, but the resulting backlash destroyed Boone's political career." Boone did not run for re-election in the mayoral election of 1856. Boone died on January 24, 1882 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 73.


James Curtiss

James Curtiss (April 7, 1803 – November 2, 1859) was an American politician who was the Mayor of Chicago two times. He ran for the Democrat.

Curtiss was born on April 7, 1803 in Wethersfield, Connecticut. He was raised in both Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and in Chicago, Illinois. Curtiss died on November 2, 1859 in Joliet, Illinois from an illness, aged 53.


William B. Ogden

William Butler Ogden (June 15, 1805 – August 3, 1877) was the first Mayor of Chicago.

Ogden was born on June 15, 1805 in Walton, New York. He was married to Mariana Arnot from 1875 until his death in 1877. They had no children. Butler lost almost everything he had in the Great Chicago Fire. Butler died on August 3, 1877 in Fordham Heights, New York, aged 72.

Eugene Sawyer

Eugene Sawyer (September 3, 1934 – January 19, 2008) was an American businessman and politician. He was the Mayor of Chicago from 1987 to 1989. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the second African American to be mayor of Chicago.

Sawyer was born on September 3, 1934 in Greensboro, Alabama. He studied at Alabama State University. Sawyer never married and has no children. Sawyer died on January 19, 2008 in Chicago, Illinois from a stroke, aged 73.


Joseph Medill

Joseph Medill (April 6, 1823 – March 16, 1899) was a Canadian-American newspaper editor and politician who was the Mayor of Chicago from 1871 through 1873. He left as mayor of Chicago because he was going on a tour to Europe. He left Lester L. Bond as the mayor for 3½ months.

Medill was born on April 6, 1823 in Saint John, New Brunswick. He was never married. He had 2 children. Medill died on March 16, 1899 in San Antonia, Texas, aged 75.

Alson Sherman

Alson Sherman (April 21, 1811 – September 27, 1903) was an American politician from Chicago who was the Mayor of Chicago from 1844 through 1845.

Sherman was married to April 21, 1811 in Barre, Vermont. He was married to Aurora Abbott from 1833 until her death in 1883. They had 14 children. Sherman died on September 27, 1903 in Waukegan, Illinois, aged 92.

Roswell B. Mason

Roswell B. Mason (September 19, 1805 – January 1, 1892) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1869–1871) for the Citizens Party.

Roswell was born on September 19, 1805 in Hartford, New York. He was never married and had no children. 

Roswell held a high position with the Illinois Central Railroad until he decided to run to be Mayor of Chicago on a reform ticket. During Mason's administration, the Great Chicago Fire occurred. Mason responded by directing General Philip Sheridan to place the city under martial law.

Mason died on January 1, 1892 from natural causes in Chicago, Illinois, aged 86.


Emil Hamilton

Professor Emil Hamilton or Ruina is a fictional Superman character. He is mostly a mad scientist who is a threat to the world. He is smart and has a suit that learned all of Superman's weaknesses and abilities so that he could copy them. 

He will be played by actor Richard Schiff in the 2013 movie "Man of Steel". He was voiced by Victor Brandt in "".

Thomas Coryat

Thomas Coryat (c. 1577–1617) was an English traveller and writer of the late Elizabethan times. He is remembered today for two books he wrote about his travels through Europe and parts of Asia. He often travelled on foot to get to far off places.

Coryat reached as far as India in his travels from England. At that time the Mughal Emperor Jahangir was ruling there and he rewarded Coryat and gave him money to reach back home. However, Coryat died in Surat, Gujarat, before he could return.

Mian Family of Baghbanpura

The Mian Arain family of Baghbanpura is an old family of Lahore, now in Pakistan. They used to live in the Baghbanpura neighborhood of Lahore. They were the official caretakers of the Shalimar Gardens Lahore during the time of the Mughal Empire and were later made into court nobles by the Mughals. 

The family has produced many famous people who played an important role in the social, cultural and political life of Lahore city.

Arain

The Arain are a Punjabi agricultural tribe in India and Pakistan. Originally, they had agricultural roots but in later times some of them shifted to towns and cities and became famous in many areas. A famous Arain family in the Indian subcontinent is the Mian Family of Baghbanpura, in Lahore. Some say that they are Aryans and that their name is also from this.

Walter S. Gurnee

Walter S. Gurnee (March 9, 1813 – April 18, 1903) was an American politician. He was the Mayor of Chicago from 1851 through 1853. The town Gurnee, Illinois is named after him. He was a Democrat.

Gurnee was born on March 9, 1813 in Haverstraw, New York. He was raised in Michigan and in Chicago. He was never married and had no children. Gurnee died on April 18, 1903 in New York City, New York from natural causes, aged 90.


Basilar-type migraine

Basilar-type migraine is a type of migraine with aura that causes a headache which usually starts in the "occipital region" which is in the lower back part of the brain. The symptoms that are believed to start in the brainstem, occipital cortex, and cerebellum and the pain may affect both sides of the brain at the same time.

Most people who have basilar-type migraine also have migraines with aura without the basilar symptoms. This type of migraine is usually more common in young people between about 10–19 years of age.

The word "Basilar" comes from the Middle French word "basilaire": of or related to the base. In medicine it usually refers to the base or bottom of a body part, especially the skull. 
This is called 'basilar-type' because it was first described in the areas of the brain which receive blood from the basilar artery, which includes most parts of the brain in the "posterior fossa" and also the brainstem, which are in the lower, back part of the brain (occipital region). But it was later seen that it may also affect areas of the brain outside of the areas which receive blood from the basilar artery. There is no proof that problems in the basilar artery are the cause.

Dare County, North Carolina

Dare County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, there were 36,915 people living there. Its county seat is Manteo, North Carolina. It is named after Virginia Dare. Virginia Dare was the first English child born in the Americas. She was born in the Roanoke Colony, in what is now Dare County. Buffalo City, in Dare County, was once the biggest community in the country. (Today, Buffalo City is abandoned.) Dare County is the largest county in North Carolina.

Lionel Barrymore

Lionel Barrymore (Lionel Herbert Blythe, April 28, 1878 – November 15, 1954) was an American movie, television, stage, and radio actor who won an Academy Award in 1931. He is known for his roles in "A Free Soul", "The Little Colonel", "It's a Wonderful Life", "Young Dr. Kildare", and in "David Copperfield". His brother was actor John Barrymore and his grandniece is actress Drew Barrymore.

Barrymore was born on April 28, 1878 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at the Episcopal Academy. Barrymore was married to Doris Rankin from 1904 until they divorced in 1923. Then he was married to Irene Fenwick from 1923 until they divorced in 1936. He had two daughters with Rankin, both died early. He had a fatherly love with Jean Harlow and treated her as if she was his own daughter. Barrymore died on November 15, 1954 in Van Nuys, California from a heart attack, aged 76.


John Barrymore

John Barrymore (John Sidney Blyth, February 15, 1882 – May 29, 1942) was an American movie, television, stage, and radio actor. He was known for his roles in "Dr Jekyll & Mr Hyde" (1920), "Grand Hotel" (1932), "Dinner at Eight" (1933), "Twentieth Century" (1934), and "Don Juan" (1926). His brother is Academy Award-winning actor Lionel Barrymore. His granddaughter is actress Drew Barrymore.

Barrymore was born on February 15, 1882 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was married to Katherine Corri Harris from 1910 until they divorced in 1917. Then he was married to Blanche Oelrichs from 1920 until they divorced in 1925. Then he was married to Dolores Costello from 1928 until they divorced in 1934. Then he was last married to Elaine Barrie from 1936 until they divorced in 1940. Barrymore had three children. Barrymore died on May 29, 1942 in Los Angeles, California from cirrhosis, aged 60.


Two-Face

Two-Face or Harvey Dent is a fictional Batman supervillain who appears in comic books by DC Comics. The character was created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger and first appeared in "Detective Comics" #66 (August 1942). He was the district attorney of Gotham City before being burned in an explosion or being burned by acid. After his accident, he became a villain because of his anger against Batman and Gotham City. He always flips a coin when he is about to a commit a crime or take action. Half of his coin is burned. He had a girlfriend, but she either died or left him after his accident. 

He was played by Billy Dee Williams in "Batman", by Tommy Lee Jones in "Batman Forever", and by Aaron Eckhart in "The Dark Knight", and Nicholas D'Agosto in the television series "Gotham." He was voiced by Richard Moll in "". 


Scarecrow (comics)

The Scarecrow (Dr. Jonathan Crane) is a fictional Batman supervillain who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. He uses fear gas to scare his victims and even Batman. He wears a scarecrow mask and a scarecrow costume. 

He first appeared in "World's Finest Comics" #3 (September, 1941). 

Jonathan Crane was bullied at school. He was called mean names like "Ichabod Crane", because he looked like the character Ichabod Crane from the book Sleepy Hollow. Because of this, he became obsessed with fear. He became a psychologist and learnt about fear. He lost his job for using his patients as tests for his fear gases and drugs. He then became a criminal.

He was played by Cillian Murphy in "Batman Begins", "The Dark Knight", and in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Yeiki Kobashigawa

Yeiki Kobashigawa (September 28, 1917-March 31, 2005) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Kobashigawa was born at Hilo, Hawaii. He is the son of immigrants who were born in Japan. He is a "Nisei", which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American.

One month before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Kobashigawa joined the US Army in November 1941.

Kobashigawa volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 100th Infantry Battalion. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in June 1944, Kobashigawa was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Kobashigawa's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, he was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Kobashigawa's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in northern Italy in 1944. He led successful attacks on four machine gun positions.

The words of Kobashigawa's citation explain:
Technical Sergeant Yeiki Kobashigawa distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 2 June 1944, in the vicinity of Lanuvio, Italy. During an attack, Technical Sergeant Kobashigawa's platoon encountered strong enemy resistance from a series of machine guns providing supporting fire. Observing a machine gun nest 50 yards from his position, Technical Sergeant Kobashigawa crawled forward with one of his men, threw a grenade and then charged the enemy with his submachine gun while a fellow soldier provided covering fire. He killed one enemy soldier and captured two prisoners. Meanwhile, Technical Sergeant Kobashigawa and his comrade were fired upon by another machine gun 50 yards ahead. Directing a squad to advance to his first position, Technical Sergeant Kobashigawa again moved forward with a fellow soldier to subdue the second machine gun nest. After throwing grenades into the position, Technical Sergeant Kobashigawa provided close supporting fire while a fellow soldier charged, capturing four prisoners. On the alert for other machine gun nests, Technical Sergeant Kobashigawa discovered four more, and skillfully led a squad in neutralizing two of them. Technical Sergeant Kobashigawa's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.



Electrocardiogram

An electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG) is a record of the electrical activity of the heart over a period of time. The instrument that makes the record is the ECG machine or Electrocardiograph. Willem Einthoven invented it. It works by attaching electrodes to the outer surface of the skin. 

An electrocardiogram monitors the heart. Each beat of the heart is triggered by an electrical impulse, normally generated from special cells in the upper right chamber of the heart. An electrocardiogram records these electrical signals as they travel through the heart. Doctors can use an electrocardiogram to look for patterns among these heartbeats and rhythms to diagnose various heart conditions.

ECG is used to measure the rate and regularity of heartbeats, the size and position of the chambers, the presence of any damage to the heart, and the effects of drugs or devices used to regulate the heart, such as an artificial pacemaker.

An electrocardiogram is a painless test. The results of your electrocardiogram will likely be reported immediately after it is done.

Archaeozoology

Archaeozoology is the study of animals in archaeological contexts. These include all the organic remains left in the soil after the death and decay of animals but also the representation of animals in rock art and on portable materials. Zooarchaeology is a comparable term but differs in that the primary reason for study of the animals is archaeological rather than zoological. These are mostly bones and teeth. Sometimes hair, skin or other body parts are found and can be studied. Archeaozoology also studies the animals' effect on the environment and their relationships with humans. The people who study archaeozoology are called archaeozoologists. Their training can be as biologists or archaeologists.


Abel Pêra

Abel Pêra (November 16, 1891 - September 27, 1975) was a Brazilian actor, brother of Manuel Pêra, and uncle of Marília Pêra, a very famous Brazilian actress.

Abel Pêra discovered the art of performing in the end of his adolescence. Among his works are "A Pensão da Dona Estela" and "Feitiço", this last one produced by Oduvaldo Vianna.

Before becoming an actor, he was a carpenter. Even after becoming an actor, he continued producing wooden pieces. His friend Chico Anysio, a very popular Brazilian comedian, won a golf stick made by him.

In 1974, he participated in a soap opera called "Fogo Sobre Terra". His last work was the movie "O Casamento", made in 1976.


Barbary lion

The Barbary lion ("Panthera leo leo") was a local group of lions which are now extinct in the wild {IUCN}. The Barbary lion was also called the Atlas lion and the Nubian lion. It was a local group, or perhaps subspecies, of the lion. It used to live in North Africa, from Morocco to Egypt including countries like Algeria, Tunisia and Libya.

The Barbary lion was large and heavy. Males weighed about , and females weighed about though not fully proven they were confirmed weigh in the same range as a Siberian Tiger. Male lions were said to be about long and females were about long. Some scientists think that these sizes and weights are too large and put estimates between 227 to 272 kilograms (500-600 lbs) There are also scientists who think that the Barbary lion is probably the size of the lions found in East Africa.Whereas, others thought it was around the size of an Asiatic lion which are 175 kilograms (385 lbs) 

The places where the Barbary lion lived did not have a lot of prey. These lions did not live in "prides" because of this. The main animals they hunted in the Atlas Mountains were the Barbary stag, buffalo and gazelle forcing some lions to move more south where more food was available. The lions also ate cows and sheep raised by people.

These lions lived alone, or in pairs. The female Barbary lion raised her cubs until they were mature. This took about two years. After that, the cubs left their mother.

Mount Scopus

Mount Scopus ( ; , ) is a mountain in Jerusalem. It is north-east of the Old City. The mountain is above the sea. The land is considered an exclave of Israel, surrounded by the West Bank. It was captured from Jordan in the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.

The cemetery of the American Colony in Jerusalem is near the entrance to the Hebrew University.


Gordy

Gordy is an American family comedy-drama movie from 1995. The movie is about a piglet named Gordy who searches for his missing family (who are taken away to a slaughterhouse in Omaha, Nebraska). Gordy experiences the lives of other people who are part of the movie's side stories, including traveling country music singers Luke McAllister and his daughter Jinnie Sue; and lonely boy Hanky Royce whose mother is engaged to a sinister businessman, Gilbert Sipes. Gordy changes lives for the people he encounters due to their ability to understand him. The movie was released to theaters on May 12, 1995. It was distributed by Miramax Family Films.

The movie has the song "Pig Power" by Tag Team. A music video was produced for the song, featuring clips from the movie.


Mount of Olives

The Mount of Olives (or Mount Olivet, , "Har HaZeitim"; , "Jebel az-Zeitun") is a mountain in East Jerusalem. It is located to next to the Old City, and is part of the West Bank. It is named for the olive groves that once grew on its slopes. The mountain is important to Jews, Muslims and Christians. There are many churches, and the largest Jewish cemetery in the world is located there. The mountain is above sea level.



Mastic

Mastic ( "Mastika") is a resin that comes from the mastic tree, "Pistacia lentiscus". The tree grows in the Mediterranean region. In pharmacies and nature shops, it is called "Arabic gum" (not to be confused with gum arabic).

The resin is harvested in various places, especially the Greek island of Chios. 
It is a liquid when the tree first produces it. Then it dries in the sun into drops of hard resin. When chewed, the resin softens and becomes a white, opaque gum. The flavour is bitter at first. After some chewing, it has a refreshing, slightly pine or cedar-like flavour.

Mastic is used in food, medicine, and industry.


Sansei

The character and uniqueness of the "Sansei" is recognized in its social history.

The earliest organized group of Japanese emigrants settled in Mexico in 1897.

Imigration to Brazil began in 1908. Today, the community which grew from the immigrant children and grandchildren has become the largest Japanese emigrant population outside of Japan, including approximately 1.5 million Brazilians. Other communities of "Sansei" grew up in the United States, Canada, and Peru. 

The use of the term "Sansei" was modeled after an "Issei" pattern or template. In the 1930s, the term "Issei" came into common use. The word replaced the term "immigrant" ("ijusha"). This change in usage mirrored an evolution in the way the "Issei" looked at themselves. The label "Issei" also included the idea of belonging to the new country.

The term "Nikkei" (日系) was created by sociologists in the late 20th century. The "Nikkei" include all of the world's Japanese immigrants and their descendants.

The "Issei" were born in Japan, and their cultural perspective was primarily Japanese; but they were in America by choice. Their "Sansei" grandsons and granddaughters grew up with a national and cultural point-of-view that was different from their grandparents.

Although the "Issei" kept an emotional connection with Japan, they created homes in a country far from Japan. The "Sansei" had never known a country other than the one into which they were born.

The "Issei," "Nisei" and "Sansei" generations reflect distinctly different attitudes to authority, gender, non-Japanese involvement, and religious practice, and other matters.




Dondurma

Dondurma or Turkish mastic ice cream (, the ice cream of Maraş city). It is much more difficult and heavy than the Arabic mastic ice cream. It has more fatty because it has more sweet cream or heavy cream with a high fat percentage. In the past, people who lived in the mountains made it with snow, goat milk, mastic, and "dried orchidaceae powder" (type of "tubers"). In southeast Turkey, the ice cream was more solid and sticky because of the powder of the orchid flowers that grow there. This ice cream is so solid that a knife and fork is used to eat it.

Dondurma is commonly sold from both street vendors' carts and store fronts, where the mixture is churned regularly with long-handled paddles to keep it workable. Vendors often tease the customer by serving the ice cream cone on a stick, and then taking away the dondurma with the stick by rotating it around, before finally giving it to the customer. This sometimes results in misunderstandings among customers unfamiliar with the practice. Vendors often wear traditional clothing of the Ottoman period. In some places in Turkey it is customary to treat the ice cream as a Shawarma and cut it with a butcher knife.

Mastic ice cream is common in Turkey, and Syria. It is named after the Mastic (plant resin) spice being traditionally produced on Greek island of Chios, and, like other natural resins, in its natural form it is "tears" or drops. Because the real mastic is expensive and difficult to find, ice cream sellers of the other countries prefer to replace the mastic spice with glucose.

a few years after than in the end of the 19th century the Persian ice cream which called: "Bastani Sonnati" was first made for the Persian king and based on the Mastic ice creams with Eggs and Spicees and for seasoning Persian desserts.

In the Middle East only the Arabic version of the ice cream is known, compared to the Far East which sells only the Turkish version of the ice cream. in Greece the Mastic ice creams is known only in areas close to Turkey and there it is called: "Kaimaki" by the locals.



Gurban Gurbanov

Gurban Gurbanov (; born 13 April 1972, Zaqatala) is a retired Azerbaijani international footballer, who is today a manager of the Azerbaijani football team FK Qarabağ. He played in the forward position. His football career started with the local Azerbaijani football club Dashgyn Zagatala in 1989. Gurbanov had a 17-year long professional football career. He retired in 2006. He scored 174 goals in 396 league matches.

He started his career in Dashgyn Zagatala, and then played for Mertskhali Ozurgeti, Turan Tovuz, Kur-Nur, Neftchi Baku, Dinamo Stavropol, Baltika Kaliningrad, Fakel Voronezh and Volgar Gazprom. The last club he played for was Inter Baku. In the 1996–97 season, Gurbanov was the leading scorer in the Azerbaijan Premier League for Neftchi with 25 goals. He was named Azerbaijan's Player of the Year once, in 2003.

He played for the national team in their very first match on 17 September 1992, and until his retirement on January 2006 he scored 14 goals in 66 international matches, which is the national team goalscoring record.

After he had ended his football player's career, he became a sport director of the football club Inter. However, in summer 2006 he was made the head coach of Neftchi Baku. Since the beginning of the season 2008/08 he was made the head coach of FK Qarabağ.

In 2010, he became the most successful Azerbaijani manager in European competitions with 11 wins.






Maccabean Revolt

The Maccabean Revolt was an insurrection by Jewish patriots (the Maccabees) against the Seleucid Empire and parties who wished to adopt Greek culture. The Seleucid Empire, which controlled present-day Syria and Israel, sought to make the Jewish people more Greek-like. The Seleucid Emperor Antiochus IV Epiphanes installed a Greek idol Zeus in Jerusalem's Temple and forbade Jewish practices. Jewish individuals who wished to keep their identity and traditions did not like what Seleucids were doing and decided to fight against them. Judah Maccabee and his brothers led the rebellion, liberated Jerusalem, and restored the Temple. The Maccabees won the war and reestablished the kingdom of Judah.


George Bell Swift

George Bell Swift (December 14, 1845 – July 2, 1912) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1893; 1895–1897) for the Republican Party. He was selected to replace the assassinated Carter Harrison, Sr. as Mayor pro tem in 1893 and lost his re-election bid. He was re-elected when he ran in 1895.

Swift was born in Cincinnati, Ohio to Samuel W. Swift and Elizabeth Swift (born Bell). His family moved to Galena, Illinois when he was young. By his teenage years, the family was living in Chicago. Prior to serving as mayor of Chicago, Swift served two terms as an alderman. From 1887 to 1889, he was the city's Commissioner of Public Works. Swift died on July 2, 1912 in Chicago, Illinois from a heart attack, aged 66.

Epidendroideae

Epidendroideae is a subfamily of the orchid family. Epidendroideae is larger than all the other orchid subfamilies together, comprising more than 15,000 species in 576 genera. Most Epidendroid orchids are tropical epiphytes, typically with pseudobulbs. There are, however a some terrestrials such as "Epipactis" and even a few myco-heterotrophs, which are parasitic upon mycorrhizal fungi.

Edward Fitzsimmons Dunne

Edward Fitzsimmons Dunne (October 12, 1853 – May 24, 1937) was an American politician. He was the 24th Governor of Illinois from 1913 to 1917. He was Mayor of Chicago from April 5, 1905 to 1907.

Dunne was born on October 12, 1853 in Watertown, Connecticut. He was raised in Peoria, Illinois and in Chicago, Illinois. Dunne was married to Elizabeth J. Kelly until her death in 1928. Dunne died on May 24, 1937 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 83.


William Emmett Dever

William Emmett Dever (March 13, 1862 – September 3, 1929) was an American politician who was the Mayor of Chicago from 1923 through 1928. During his term he helped clean and fix the entire city of Chicago.

Dever was born on March 13, 1862 in Wobrun, Massachusetts. He was raised in Boston, Massachusetts and in Chicago, Illinois.

Dever's term in office saw many improvements to the city, including the completion of Wacker Drive, the extension of Ogden Avenue, the straightening of the Chicago River and the building of the city's first airport, Municipal Airport. He also fought against the corrupting influence of bootlegging and gangsters. Despite considering himself a "wet", he enforced prohibition since it was the law of the land. The media labeled his war on bootleggers as the "Great Beer War" and it resulted in a decline of crime.

Dever died on September 3, 1929 in Chicago, Illinois from cancer, aged 67.

Francis Cornwall Sherman

Francis Cornwall Sherman (September 18, 1805 – November 7, 1870) served as Mayor of Chicago two terms (1841–1842, 1862–1865) for the Democratic Party.
Sherman was born on September 18, 1805 in Newton, Connecticut. He was a brick manufacturer and made the bricks for Archibald Clybourne's mansion. In July 1835, he was elected a village trustee. In 1837, he opened the City Hotel, later the Sherman House. He continued to work as a contractor and builder, eventually serving as mayor of Chicago three times.
His son, Francis Trowbridge Sherman, was a brigadier general in the Union Army during the Civil War.

Sherman died on November 7, 1870 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 65. 

He was married to Electa Trowbridge in Danbury, Connecticut before moving here in Chicago. They had seven children.


William Hale Thompson

William Hale Thompson (May 14, 1869 – March 19, 1944) was an American who was the Mayor of Chicago from 1915 to 1923 and again from 1927 to 1931. Known as "Big Bill", Thompson was the last Republican to serve as Mayor of Chicago.

Thompson was born on May 14, 1869 in Boston, Massachusetts. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Thompson died on March 19, 1944 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 74.

Augustus Garrett

Augustus Garrett (1801 – November 30, 1848) was an American politician who was the Mayor of Chicago, Illinois twice (1843–1844, 1845–1846) for the Democratic Party.

Garrett was born in 1801 in New York City, New York. He was married to Elize Clark. They had no children. Garrett died on November 30, 1848 in Chicago, Illinois from a heart attack, aged 47. 


John Charles Haines

John Charles Haines (May 26, 1818 – July 4, 1896) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1858–1860) for the Democratic Party.

Haines was born on May 26, 1818 in Deerfield, New York. Haines died on July 4, 1896 in Waukegan, Illinois, aged 78.


John Wentworth

John Wentworth (March 5, 1815 – October 16, 1888) was an American politician. He was the Mayor of Chicago two times.

Wentworth was born on March 5, 1815 in Sandwhich, New Hampshire. He studied at Dartmouth College. He was married to Roxanna Marie Loomis. Wentworth died on October 16, 1888 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 73.


Mike Honda

Michael Makoto Honda (born June 27, 1941), also known as Mike Honda, is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for the 17th District of California until 2017 when he lost to Democrat Ro Khanna.

Honda was born in Walnut Grove, California in 1941. He is the son of Japanese American parents. He calls himself "Sansei", which means that he is the grandson of people born in Japan who immigrated to the US.


Fred A. Busse

Fred Busse (March 3, 1866 – July 9, 1914) was the mayor of Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois, from 1907 to 1911.

Busse was born on March 3, 1866 in Chicago, Illinois. He was secretly married to Josephine Lee from 1902 until his death in 1914. Busse died on July 9, 1914 in Chicago, Illinois from a heart disease, aged 48.

Julian Sidney Rumsey

Julian Sidney Rumsey (April 3, 1823 – April 20, 1886) served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1861–1862) for the Republican Party.

Rumsey was born on April 3, 1823 in Batavia, New York. Rumsey died on April 20, 1886 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 63.

Doris Matsui

Doris Okada Matsui (born September 25, 1944) is an American politician. She is the U.S. Representative for the 5th District of California.

Doris Okada Matsui comes from a Japanese-American family. After the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, the Okada family was interned in Arizona where Doris was born. 

She grew up on a farm in California. She is the daughter of Japanese American parents. She is "Sansei", which means that she is the granddaughter of people born in Japan who immigrated to the US. 

In 1966, she married Robert Matsui, who would become the first "Sansei" from the U.S. mainland elected to the US Congress.


Robert Matsui

Robert Takeo Matsui (September 17, 1941–January 1, 2005) was an American Democratic politician. He was the U.S. Representative for the 5th District of California. He was in office from 1979 until his death. His wife, Doris Matsui, replaced him.

Matsui was born in Sacramento, California. He comes from a Japanese-American family. He is "Sansei", which means that he is the grandson of people born in Japan who immigrated to the US.

After the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, the Matsui family was interned Tule Lake War Relocation Center in 1942. 

At the University of California, Berkeley, Matsui earned a BA in political science in 1963. He graduated from Hastings College of Law in 1966.

Matsui was the second Japanese American from the U.S. mainland elected to the US Congress. Also, he was the first "Sansei" congressman.

Matsui died of pneumonia caused by myelodysplastic syndrome on January 1, 2005 at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland at the age of 63.


Francis Fukuyama

Francis Fukuyama (born October 27, 1952) is an American political scientist and author, who is most known for his widely discussed book "The End of History and the Last Man" was published in 1992, in which thesis of a post-Cold War.

He was born in Chicago, Illinois, United States. He earned his Ph.D in political science from Harvard University.


Yad Vashem

Yad Vashem () is a memorial site in Jerusalem. It is the central memorial for the victims of the Holocaust. It includes a museum, school for teachers, archives, and library. The site is located in Jerusalem Forest on the western slope of Mount Herzl ("Mount of Remembrance"). It is 804 meters (2,638 ft) above sea level.



Har HaMenuchot

Har HaMenuchot (), also known as Givat Shaul Cemetery is the second largest cemetery in Jerusalem. It is located on the western edge of Jerusalem. It opened in 1951 after the Mount of Olives cemetery was captured by Jordan in 1948. The mountain is 750 meters above the sea level and next to Jerusalem Forest.


National Headquarters of the Israel Police

The National Headquarters of the Israel Police is the headquarters of the Israel Police. It was established during the British Mandate of Palestine in Tel Aviv and moved to Jerusalem shortly after the Israel declared independence in 1948. It was moved to the Russian Compound in Jerusalem. In 1951, a branch of the headquarters was opened in the Mandatory British Police building in Tel Aviv and in 1973 the headquarters was moved to a new building near Mount Scopus.


Supreme Court of Israel

The Supreme Court of Israel () is the highest court of Israel. It is located in Jerusalem, in the neighbourhood of Givat Ram. After Israel was established in 1948, the Supreme Court was sitting in the Russian Compound in Jerusalem. In 1986, the government held a contest to build a new building for the court and in 1992 the supreme court was moved to a new building next to the Knesset.

Since 2017 Esther Hayut has been president of the Supreme Court.



Mark Takano

Mark Allan Takano (born December 10, 1960) is an American teacher and politician. 

In November 2012, Takano was elected to the U.S. Representative for the 41st District of California.

Takano was born in Riverside, California. He is the son of Japanese American parents. He is "Sansei", which means that he is the grandson of people born in Japan who immigrated to the US.

After the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, the Takano family was relocated and interned from California to "War Relocation Camps" during World War II. He graduated from Harvard University in 1983.

Takano taught in public school for 23 years. 

In March 2020, Takano endorsed Senator Bernie Sanders for President of the United States.

Mount Zion

Mount Zion (, "Har Tsiyyon"; , "Jabel Sahyoun") is a hill in the south-west corner of the Old City of Jerusalem. It is an extension of Temple Mount. There are a lot of churches and many little Christians and Jewish cemeteries in the area of Mount Zion. Half of the Mount Zion is in the Old City, in the Jewish and Armenian Quarters. The grave of King David is at the top of Mount Zion.

In the past there was a small cable car that connected the mountain to the valley below and the Old City. Today the cable car room is a museum inside an old hospital building.



Patsy Mink

Patsy Matsu Takemoto Mink (; December 6, 1927September 28, 2002) was an American politician. She was the U.S. Representative for the 1st and 2nd Districts of Hawaii. Mink was the first woman of color in the U.S. Congress.

Mink was born in Paia on the island of Maui in Hawaii. She was the daughter of Japanese American parents. She was a "Sansei", which means that she was the granddaughter of people born in Japan who immigrated to the US.

She graduated from the University of Hawaii and she earned a law degree from the University of Chicago.

Mink was the first woman of color to be elected into Congress. She spent her time in Congress speaking out and writing laws related to gender equality in education. Mink was also the first woman to be an approved lawyer in the state of Hawaii. Mink founded the Oahu Young Democrats in 1954. In 1962, she finally won a seat in the Hawaii Senate.

Mink helped write the Women's Educational Equity Act which provides 30 million dollars per year to promote gender equality in schools. It also increases educational and job opportunities for women. Along with that, she was the co-writer of the Title IX law which requires public schools to provide equal and fair treatment to all genders in education. Mink was the first Asian American to run for president. During her second time in congress, Mink co-founded the Congressional Asian Pacific American Council. She also protested against the promotion of Clarence Thomas to the Supreme Court after claims of sexual harassment. In 1977 she served under President Jimmy Carter as assistant secretary of state for oceans and international, environmental and scientific affairs. Mink was a member of Congress until her death in 2002.


Bev Oda

Beverley Joan "Bev" Oda, PC, MP (born July 27, 1944) is a Canadian teacher, television broadcaster and politician. She was the first Japanese-Canadian member of the House of Commons of Canada.

Oda was born in Thunder Bay, Ontario. She was the daughter of Japanese Canadian parents. She was a "Sansei", which means that she was the granddaughter of people born in Japan who immigrated to Canada. 

Oda earned a degree from the University of Toronto.

Oda was the first Japanese-Canadian to be appointed a Cabinet Minister. She was a member of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada.


Vakkom Majeed

Vakkom Majeed (20 December 1909  – 10 July 2000) was an Indian freedom fighter, politician and a former member of the Travancore-Cochin State Assembly. He was born in Vakkom, Travancore, in the Madras Presidency of British India. He died in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala.

Melissa McBride

Melissa McBride (born May 23, 1965 near Lexington, Kentucky) is an American movie and TV actress and casting director. She has performed in many television programs and movies. She plays Carol Peletier in "The Walking Dead".

David Tsubouchi

David Tsubouchi (born August 20, 1951) is a Canadian lawyer and politician. 

Tsubouchi was born in Toronto, Ontario. He is the son of Japanese Canadian parents. He is "Sansei", which means that he is the grandson of people born in Japan who immigrated to Canada.

At York University, he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1972 and a law degree in 1975.

Tsubouchi was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1995 to 2003. He is the first Japanese-Canadian to hold a cabinet position in a Canadian provincial government. 

He is a member of the Board of Governors of York University.

Tweeter

A tweeter is a small or rather tiny loudspeaker. Tweeters are designed to reproduce high-pitched sounds (such as the sound of a whistle or a bird singing). It can mean sound's frequency going up to 20kHz. Humans can't hear frequencies larger than 20 000 Hz. Low frequencies would destroy small speakers because it is not designed to create larger movements. This is what a subwoofer is for, to play low frequencies. 

RCA connector

An RCA connector (sometimes called a phono connector or cinch connector), is a type of electrical connector commonly used to carry audio and video signals. The yellow is for video, the white is for left stereo, and the red is for right stereo. 

Preamplifier

Preamplifier is a type of electronic amplifier. It doesn't have enough power to feed speakers. Rather a preamplifier amplifies weak signals, for example from a microphone, for electronic processing or distribution. 

Early preamplifiers used vacuum tubes. Since the 1960s, most electronic amplifiers have been built with transistors. Transistors are lighter, less expensive, and more reliable.


Mauno Koivisto

Mauno Koivisto (25 November 1923 – 12 May 2017) was a Finnish politician. He was the ninth President of Finland and the 32nd Prime Minister of Finland.

Koivisto was born in Turku. His family was not rich, his father was a carpenter building ships. His mother died when he was young. He finished school in young age, and took odd jobs. In Second world war Koivisto volunteered at the front. After the war he joined Social democratic party.

Koivisto studied in his adult age and became doctor of law in 1953.

In 1968 Koivisto become prime minister of Finland. He was very popular. His popularity helped him to become president in 1982 when Urho Kekkonen was too sick to continue. Koivisto won a second term in election.

As a president, Koivisto continued line of Kekkonen and was careful to practice neutral policy. This meant that he was not too visibly anti-soviet or pro-soviet. During his time Finland changed constitution so that the president had less power than before.

Koivisto's health declined in December 2016 due to Alzheimer's disease and his wife Tellervo started as his caregiver.

In January 2017, Koivisto fell badly at his home and broke his hand, after which he moved to a nursing home. In May 2017, Koivisto was put in end-of-life care. Koivisto died on 12 May 2017 in Helsinki from complications of Alzheimer's disease, aged 93.


Kyösti Kallio

Kyösti Kallio (10 April 1873 - 19 December 1940) was the fourth President of Finland. 

He was president from 1937 to 1940. He is the only Finnish president who did not have any higher education.

Kallio was born in Ylivieska. He died in Helsinki.

O Foxo, Silleda

O Foxo is a village in north-western Spain. It is in the parish of , in Pontevedra, Galicia. In 2007, it had a population of 54 people, 26 of them were men and 28 were women. This represents a decrease in the number of people over the year 2000. It was also the former capital of the county.


Saimaa

Saimaa is the largest lake in Finland. It covers . The Vuoksi River flows from Saimaa to Laatokka. The cities nearby to Saimaa's beaches are Lappeenranta, Joensuu, Mikkeli, Imatra, Savonlinna and Varkaus. 

Yonsei

Yonsei may mean:


Yonsei (fourth-generation Nikkei)

The character and uniqueness of the "Yonsei" is recognized in its social history. The "Yonsei" are the subject of on-going academic research in the United States and Japan.

The earliest organized group of Japanese emigrants settled in Mexico in 1897.

Imigration to Brazil began in 1908. Today, the community which grew from the immigrant children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren has become the largest Japanese emigrant population outside of Japan, including approximately 1.5 million Brazilians. Other communities of "Yonsei" grew up in the United States, Canada, and Peru. 

The use of the term "Yonsei" was modeled after an "Issei" pattern or template. In the 1930s, the term "Issei" came into common use. The word replaced the term "immigrant" ("ijusha"). This change in usage mirrored an evolution in the way the "Issei" looked at themselves. The label "Issei" also included the idea of belonging to the new country.

The term "Nikkei" (日系) was created by sociologists in the late 20th century. The "Nikkei" include all of the world's Japanese immigrants and their descendants.

The "Issei" were born in Japan, and their cultural perspective was primarily Japanese; but they were in another country by choice. Their "Yonsei" great-grandsons and great-granddaughters grew up with a national and cultural point-of-view that was different from their great-grandparents.

Although the "Issei" kept an emotional connection with Japan, they created homes in a country far from Japan. The "Yonsei" had never known a country other than the one into which they were born.

The "Issei," "Nisei" and "Sansei" generations reflect distinctly different attitudes to authority, gender, religious practice, and other matters.



Colleen Hanabusa

Colleen Wakako Hanabusa (born May 4, 1951) is an American lawyer and politician. She was the U.S. Representative for the 1st District of Hawaii from 2011 to 2015 and again from 2016 to 2019.

Colleen was born in Honolulu, Hawaii in 1951. She is the daughter of Japanese American parents. She calls herself "Yonsei", which means that she is the great-granddaughter of people born in Japan who immigrated to the US.


International Convention Center (Jerusalem)

The International Convention Centre of Jerusalem (, ), also called: Binyenei HaUma ( - Buildings of the nation) is the main convention center in Jerusalem and the central auditorium of Israel.


Association of Football Federations of Azerbaijan

The Football Federation of Azerbaijan (AFFA) () is the governing body of football in Azerbaijan. It organizes the football league, Azerbaijani Premier League, and the Azerbaijani national football team. It is based in Baku.


Plantation of Ulster

The Plantation of Ulster was the organised colonisation ("plantation") of Ulster. Ulster is a province of Ireland. People from Scotland and England were sent by the English government to live there. This started at the beginning of the 17th century, from 1606. It was colonised to stop the people living in the area fighting against the English rule. Ulster had been the region most resistant to English control during the previous century.

All land owned by Irish chieftains of the O'Neill dynasty ("Uí Néill" in Gaelic) and O'Donnell dynasty ("Uí Domhnaill" in Gaelic) was taken from them, and used for the colonists. This land added up to an estimated half a million acres (2,000 km²) in the counties County Donegal (called "Tyrconnell" at the time), Tyrone, Fermanagh, Cavan, Coleraine and Armagh. Most of counties Antrim and Down were privately colonised. 

The colonists were also called the "British tenants". They were mostly from Scotland and England. They had to be English-speaking and Protestant. The Scottish colonists were mostly Presbyterian and the English mostly members of the Church of England. The Plantation of Ulster was the biggest of the Plantations of Ireland. 

Hugh O’Donnell and Hugh O’Neill felt their position and the power of Ulster was under threat from the English intruders. There were many series of battles defeating small English groups, the rebellion known as the Nine Years' War. The following year they wrote to King Philip II of Spain for help. The Spanish aid came in but landed in Kinsale in October 1601 miles away from Ulster. O’Neill and O’Donnell gathered their army and met in Kinsale on Christmas Eve 1601. They were defeated by a strong English army of 20,000 men, led by Lord Deputy Mountjoy. The Spaniards surrendered. Within two years, O’Neill and other leaders surrendered at the Treaty of Mellifont. At Mellifont, the Ulster chieftains agreed to accept English rule in their lands (sheriffs and judges). They also agreed to abandon Brehon Law, the Irish language and any further thoughts of rebellion. With less support from their people and more English control over Ulster, O’Neill and almost one hundred leading members of Ulster’s Irish families fled Ireland in an event known as the Flight of the Earls. They went to Spain, Italy and Rome. 

King James I was easily persuaded by England’s officials in Ireland that the best way to ensure Ulster’s future loyalty was through a plantation. First Antrim and Down were given to two Scottish noblemen. This brought over thousands of Scottish settlers as tenants to work on the land. By 1609, these planters were securely established. The area to be planted covered six counties- Donegal, Derry, Armagh, Fermanagh, Cavan and Tyrone. Lessons had been learned from previous plantations. No one was to be given more than 2000 acres and laws were stricter. There were different groups involved in the Ulster plantation.


Argleton

Argleton was a place name of a village that did not exist. It was a phantom settlement that was shown on Google Maps. It was located in the parish of Aughton, Lancashire. An employee of Edge Hill University noticed this in 2008, and could show that at the location, there are only empty fields. 

Some people have suggested that Google added a fake village to Google Maps on purpose to catch out other people in case they plagiarised their work. However, other people have suggested that Google Maps just made a mistake. Argleton had been removed from Google Maps by May 2010. 

Sadao Munemori

Sadao Munemori (born August 17, 1922-April 5, 1945) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Munemori was born in Los Angeles, California to Japanese immigrant parents. He is a "Nisei", which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American.

During World War II, Munemori's parents and siblings were interned at the Manzanar concentration camp.

Two months after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, he joined the US Army.

Munemori volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 100th Infantry Battalion. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in April 1945, he was the only Japanese American to be awarded the Medal of Honor during or immediately after World War II.

Munemori’s Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in northern Italy in 1945. Without help from others, he attacked two machine guns before smothering a grenade blast with his body.

The words of Munemori's citation explain:
He fought with great gallantry and intrepidity near Seravezza, Italy. When his unit was pinned down by grazing fire from the enemy's strong mountain defense and command of the squad devolved on him with the wounding of its regular leader, he made frontal, one-man attacks through direct fire and knocked out two machine guns with grenades. Withdrawing under murderous fire and showers of grenades from other enemy emplacements, he had nearly reached a shell crater occupied by two of his men when an unexploded grenade bounced on his helmet and rolled toward his helpless comrades. He arose into the withering fire, dived for the missile and smothered its blast with his body. By his swift, supremely heroic action Pfc. Munemori saved two of his men at the cost of his own life and did much to clear the path for his company's victorious advance.

Sadao Munemori is the namesake of a part of the California highway system, a ship, a building and an American Legion post.



Vertical angles

In geometry, vertical angles relates to a linear slope on a graph. So if the equation is linear, you can tell because it won't have any exponents.

Kokeshi

The doll has a very simple shape;only the head of the globe and the body of the column. A joint of the head and the body was made thin so that a child was easy to grasp it.

"Kokeshi" came to be sold as a souvenir in the "Tohoku" district from "Edo" era.

When the "Taisho" era began, "kokeshi" turned into the role as the appreciation things of adult rather than the toy of the child.

An all-Japan "kokeshi" contest is held every year in May. Since 1954, the annual Prime Minister's prize has been awarded to the best work of creative "kokeshi" makers.

There are 250+ types of "kokeshi".



and so on


Azerbaijan Premier League

The Azerbaijan Premier League (), is the top football competition in Azerbaijan.

The Azerbaijan Premier League was created in 2007 and replaced the Top Division () which existed between 1992 and 2007. The Azerbaijan Premier League is run by the Association of Football Federations of Azerbaijan. The Top Division was run by the Professional Football League of Azerbaijan. The creation of the Premier League gave the football clubs more independence.

Since 1992, a total of 8 football clubs have become champions of the top Azerbaijani football competition. Neftchi Baku are the current Azerbaijan Premier League champions.

Players in the Premier League compete for the trophy "Azerbaijan Premier League Golden Boot", awarded to the top goalscorer at the end of each football season. Nazim Aliyev is the league's all-time top scorer with 183 goals, including 39 in the 1992 season. During the 1995–96 season he became the first player to score 100 Premier League goals. Since then, 10 other players have reached the 100-goal mark.






The current Azerbaijan Premier League trophy was developed by the Professional Football League of Azerbaijan and the trophy has been awarded to the champion of Azerbaijan since the end of the 2009–10 season, replacing the previous Premier League trophy that had existed for only few years.



Menorah (Temple)

The menorah was an ancient lamp that accompanied the Israelites during their wanderings through the desert and later sat in their Temple. It had seven branches (a center branch with three branches on each of its sides), and it was made of gold. Olive oil fed the menorah's flames. God commanded Moses to construct the menorah while Moses and the Israelites were wandering the desert (see Book of Numbers chapter 8). 

The menorah is associated with miracles, such as the miracle of Hanukkah. During First Jewish-Roman War, the Romans destroyed the Temple and took its treasures, including the menorah. They took the menorah to Rome and displayed it throughout the city during a celebration of their victory over the Jewish rebels.

Today, the menorah is featured in the present state of Israel's coat of arms, and some Jewish places of worship contain replicas of the menorah. A nine-branch menorah is used during Hanukkah.

Bulguksa

Bulguksa is a temple of Korean Buddhism in Gyeongju in South Korea. It was designated as a historic site number 502 by Korean government. In 1995, Bulguksa was added to the UNESCO World Heritage List. It is known as one of the tourist attractions in Korea, where over 2 million people are visiting each year. It includes Dabotap(Korea's national treasure number 20) and Seokgatap(Korea's national treasure number 21), Cheongun-gyo(Blue Cloud Bridge, Korea's national treasure number 23) and Backun-gyo(White Cloud Bridge, Korea's national treasure number 23), and two gilt-bronze statues(Korea's national treasure number 26, 27) of Buddha.

The temple was made in the Silla kingdom, the golden age of Buddhist art. According to Samguk yusa (Three Kingdoms of Korea's history book), the temple had begun to be constructed under King Kyeongdeok in 751 and completed in 774. Kim Daeseong, the Prime Minister of Silla, decided to construct this temple in order to cherish the memory of his parents. The name of the temple 'Bulguk' means the country of Buddha. He wanted to his parents live happily in the Buddha's country after they died.

Bulguksa has been reconstructed thoroughout history. Especially in the Japanese colonial era, it was damaged a lot and lost its valuable treasures. After the independence of the Republic of Korea, Korean government started to reconstruct and reorganize the temple.

Dabotap and Seokgatap (Num 21, 22)
Dabotap is well known for its feminine and sophisticated beauty. Its height is 10.4m and it is representative of Korea's unique pagodas.
Seokgatap is relatively simple and masculine compared to Dabotap. Its height is also 10.4, which makes Dabotap and Seokgatap the twin pagodas in Bulguksa.

Chengun-gyo (Num 23)
At the entrance of Bulguksa is Chengun-gyo. It is said that the bridge links the human world to the world of Buddhist. It is decorated with stones very beautifully and its structure is so solid that it can withstand earthquakes.



Akara

Acarajé is a type of fritter made from cowpeas. It is the most popular street food in the north eastern state of Brazil, Bahia. The recipe for acarajé was introduced to Bahia by slaves who came from Yorùbáland during the colonial period. In Nigeria acarajé is named Akara, and the women who sell it call out "Akara je", which means "Come and eat Akara" in Yoruba. So when freed Yorùbá slaves started to sell acarajé on the streets, they used the same technique and Brazilians assumed that they were selling acarajé.

Acarajé is made with black-eyed peas, garlic, ginger and salt, then deep fried in dende - a reddish oil from the palm fruit. When done, they are split in half and filled with vatapá, caruru, fried shrimp, salad and pepper. Brazilians modified the recipe from Nigeria a little and started to fill the acarajé with other afro-Brazilian foods. In Nigeria, none of the Brazilian accompaniments are served; just the bean cake is eaten, fried with palm oil or vegetable oil.

Acarajé are served on the streets by women who call themselves baiana do acarajé. They wear traditional clothes, white flowing dresses, sometimes turbans and colorful necklaces related to the rituals of the Afro-Brazilian religion Candomblé. In Nigeria, however, there is no ceremony and the women who sell Akara wear whatever they like. Nowadays, these baianas sell acarajé as a way of life and it’s something that helps to sustain their families.

In 2004, acarajé was declared part of Brazil's heritage culture in the region of Bahia. It's one of the most important symbols of the culture of Bahia and it's enjoyed by all types of tourists. They are delighted by the taste, color and relaxing way of eating acarajé on the streets.

Acarajé was specially made when a person dies at the age of 70 or above. It was usually fried in large quantities and given to every household that was related to the person who died. Acarajé was also to be made in large quantities when warriors won a war. The wives of the warriors were to fry acarajé and give it to all the people in the village.

Acarajé, a recipe taken to Brazil by the slaves from the West African coast. It is called "akara" by the Yoruba people of south-western Nigeria and by the people of Sierra Leone. It is called "kosai" by the Hausa people of Nigeria. It is called "koose" in Ghana. It is eaten with millet or corn pudding. In Nigeria, akara is usually eaten with bread, ogi, which is a type of cornmeal made with fine corn flour.

In Sierra Leone, akara is made up of rice flour, mashed banana, baking powder, and sugar. After mixing the ingredients together, it is dropped in oil by hand, and fried. It is then formed into a ball. Akara is usually made for events like Pulnado (event held due to the birth of a child), a wedding, funeral, or party.

Acarajé sold on the street in Brazil are made with fried beef, mutton, dried shrimp, pigweed, fufu, osun sauce, and coconut. Today in Bahia, most street vendors who sell acarajé are women. They first started selling acarajé in the 19th century. The money gotten from selling acarajé were used to buy the freedom of enslaved family members until slavery was banned in Brazil in 1888. Selling acarajé served as a source of family income. The city now has more than 500 acarajé vendors.

Buckner Stith Morris

Buckner Stith Morris (August 19, 1800 – December 16, 1879) was an American politician. He was the Mayor of Chicago, Illinois from 1838 to 1839. He was a member of the Whig Party. He was in jail for 9 months because of war conflicts.

Morris was born on August 19, 1800 in Augusta, Kentucky. Morris was married to Evlina Barker until her death. Then he was married to Elize Stephenson until her death. Then he was married to M. E. Parrish until his death. He had three children. Morris died on December 16, 1879 in Chicago, Illinois from an illness, aged 79.

Seoul Lantern Festival

The Seoul Lantern Festival () is a festival that takes place in Seoul, South Korea. It shows various themes through lanterns. It is hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and is organized by the Seoul Tourism Organization. It has been celebrated every year since 2009. It has officially become an annual event. It is usually held from early in November and lasts 2 weeks. 

In 2012, as 2.57 million people visited the festival, it gets to become the representative festival of Seoul.


Vibraslap

The vibraslap is a percussion instrument. It is a modern version of the jawbone. Due to the fragile nature of the jawbone, the vibra-slap was created to provide a stronger alternative with a similar sound. It has been used mainly in popular music. Several rock bands have used this sound for the last decades of the 20th century and into the 21st century. It is also popular in Latin music. 

The vibraslap is made of a cowbell-shaped hollow box (acting as a resonator) and a wooden ball connected by a steel rod. The steel rod is bent in an "L" shape that allows the performer to hold the rod in one hand and strike the ball with the palm of their other hand. The steel rod acts as a sort of spring that vibrates the box on the other end. The box acts as a resonating body for a metal mechanism placed inside with a number of loosely fastened pins or rivets that vibrate and rattle against the box, much like the teeth of the jawbone. The vibraslap is produced in a number of sizes using different materials such as wood, metal or composite materials.

The Vibra-Slap was the first patent granted to the instrument manufacturing company Latin Percussion.
The Vibra-Slap's inventor was Martin Cohen. It is sometimes sold as a "Donkey Call" or "Rattleslap".

Mercury poisoning

Mercury poisoning is a health disturbance caused by high levels of exposure to mercury. 

Symptoms of mercury poisoning include pink in the cheeks, fingertips, and toes, swelling, unexplainable sweating, lots of saliva, fast heartbeat, high blood pressure, and hair loss for some people. Mercury exposure happens most often when you eat certain types of fish or via other ways.

Students in Free Enterprise

Students in Free Enterprise (SIFE) is an international non-profit organization. It works with university students who want to change their communities positively and learn practical knowledge to become socially responsible business leaders. Students form teams in their campuses and use business model to make better the quality of life and standard of living for people in need. 

SIFE, was established in 1975 in the United States by Robert T. Davis. SIFE was originally a regional leadership training program attended by university students who taught their communities what they had learned. Eventually, these university students competed on the outcomes of their efforts. 
More than 1,600 university campuses in 39 countries take part in SIFE's projects. SIFE gives these students the chance to develop leadership, teamwork and communication skills through learning, practicing and teaching the knowledge of free enterprise. SIFE Teams teach important concepts including market economics, entrepreneurship, personal and financial success, and business studies, their communities and their countries. 

Each year, SIFE competitions are held worldwide, so called World Cup, with thousands of students and business leaders. Teams present their projects to judges who evaluate those projects and determine which teams had the most impact improving the quality of life and standard of living for members of their community.
Every country organizes a national competition to pick up national champion and give him a opportunity to compete at the World Cup. 
The criterion is as follows:
``Considering the relevant economic, social and environmental factors, which SIFE team most effectively empowered people in need by applying business and economic concepts and an entrepreneurial approach to improve their quality of life and standard of living.``

SIFE partners include corporations, organizations and individuals' foundations such as HSBC, PepsiCo, Unilever, DELL, Microsoft. 

SIFE is now called Enactus. Here is the press release link - http://enactus.org/sife-changes-their-name-to-highlight-a-deep-commitment-to-entrepreneurial-action/#.W4mPFvmnGUk 


Chesapeake–Leopard Affair

The Chesapeake–Leopard Affair was a naval battle that took place off the coast of Norfolk, Virginia on June 22, 1807. The English warship attacked and boarded the American . The British were looking for people who had deserted the Royal Navy. The commander of the American ship surrendered his vessel to the British. When he returned home, he was tired, and had to leave the military.

The "Chesapeake–Leopard Affair" made many Americans angry. Some of them wanted to go to war with Great Britain, but most people did not. President Thomas Jefferson tried to use the anger to diplomatically threaten the British government into settling the matter. The United States Congress backed away from armed conflict when British diplomats showed that they felt they did nothing wrong in the matter. The diplomats also said that impressment would continue. Jefferson's political failure to solve the problem with Great Britain led him towards economic warfare: the Embargo of 1807.


Hector Burton

Hector Tjupuru Burton (about 1937 – 27 February 2017) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. He is a leading artist from Amaṯa, in north-western South Australia. His work has been shown in exhibitions since 2003, in several cities in Australia and other countries. His first solo exhibition was held in 2004, in Melbourne. Examples of his paintings are held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the Art Gallery of New South Wales, and Flinders University.

Burton had paintings chosen as finalists for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Awards in 2011 and 2012.

Burton was born some time in the late 1930s. He was born near what is now Pipalyatjara, in north-west South Australia. A member of the Pitjantjatjara people, his childhood was spent living a traditional lifestyle in the bush. When he was still a child, Burton and his parents came out of the desert and settled at Ernabella. As a young man, Burton worked as a ringer at the large cattle station called Curtin Springs. He later moved to Amaṯa where he worked building dams, fences and cattle yards outside the town. He also later worked on a building project in Ernabella.

Burton is a senior custodian of traditional Pitjantjatjara law ("" or Dreaming). His father's homeland, to the west of Irrunytju, is closely associated with the (Caterpillar Dreaming) and the (Red Kangaroo Dreaming). His mother is from Lake Wilson. These legends are the subjects of many of his paintings.

Burton started painting in 2002. He paints for Tjala Arts, Amaṯa's community-based art company. When he started, the company was called Minymaku Arts. Painting among Pitjantjatjara was originally done by women only ("minymaku" means "women's"). Men did not join the women until several years later, because they were afraid of revealing too much spiritual knowledge (which in Western Desert cultures is meant to be kept secret). Burton was one of the first men at Amaṯa to begin painting; the company changed its name to Tjala Arts in 2004, after several other men joined him.

The art community at Amaṯa is still strongly conservative. Only the basics of traditional beliefs are described in their works. To keep the meanings of his paintings hidden, Burton uses dotting and other techniques to disguise sacred figures and ancient symbols. He is a strong supporter of maintaing strict forms of secrecy when it comes to art produced in his community. He is now a board member of Tjala Arts, and often coordinates projects and exhibitions with the other artists.

Burton's early paintings represent legends from his family's Dreaming. They also show strong Christian influences. Burton was taught by Presbyterian missionaries when he was growing up at Ernabella, and he mixed these beliefs with his family's Dreaming. When he was older, he was ordained as a minister, and is now a senior member of the Church on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands.

Since the later part of 2011, Burton and several other men from Amaṯa have led a project to change the subject of their artists' work. Instead of depicting sacred Dreaming knowledge, he and the other board members of Tjala Arts have encouraged their artists to paint about other things (such as the landscape or wildlife). Burton and the other leaders decided that the popularity of Western Desert art had resulted in people asking too many questions about their traditional designs and too much secret knowledge being revealed. The centre's first exhibition under this project was held in March 2012, in Alice Springs. The exhibition was called "Punu-Nguru" ("From the Trees") and its paintings depicted traditional designs of trees from the artists' home countries.

Molecular cloning

Molecular cloning is a type of work in molecular biology. It is used to assemble recombinant DNA molecules, and to direct their replication within host organisms. The use of the word "cloning" means a DNA molecule from a single living cell is used to make a large population of cells containing identical DNA molecules. Molecular cloning methods are central to many areas of modern biology and medicine.

Molecular cloning generally uses DNA sequences from two different organisms: the species that is the source of the DNA to be cloned, and the species that will serve as the living host for multiplying (replicating) the recombinant DNA. 

In a molecular cloning experiment, the DNA to be cloned is got from an organism of interest, then treated with enzymes in the test tube to get smaller DNA fragments. These fragments are then joined with vector DNA to produce recombinant DNA molecules. The recombinant DNA is then introduced into a host organism (typically an easy-to-grow, benign, laboratory strain of "E. coli" bacteria). This produces a population of organisms in which recombinant DNA molecules are replicated along with the host DNA. Because they contain foreign DNA fragments, these are "transgenic" or genetically-modified microorganisms (GMO). 

This process takes advantage of the fact that a single bacterial cell can be induced to take up and replicate a single recombinant DNA molecule. This single cell can then be expanded exponentially to generate a large amount of bacteria, each of which contain copies of the original recombinant molecule. Thus, both the resulting bacterial population, and the recombinant DNA molecule, are commonly referred to as "clones". Strictly speaking, "recombinant DNA" refers to DNA molecules, while "molecular cloning" refers to the experimental methods used to assemble them.

The idea of using molecular cloning to produce recombinant DNA was invented by Paul Berg, who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for 1980, jointly with Walter Gilbert and Fred Sanger.

Genetically modified food

Genetically modified food (GM food) is food which has been produced using organisms that have been engineered genetically (GM organisms). GM food contains GM organisms. Common examples include maize, soybean, cotton and rapeseed. The first genetically modified food animal approved for sale is salmon. 

Commercial sale of genetically modified food began in 1994, when Calgene first marketed its delayed ripening tomato. Genetically modified foods include: soybean, corn, canola, rice, and cotton seed oil. The features of available and future crops include resistance to herbicides, insects, viruses, fungi, production of extra nutrients, faster growth, or some other beneficial purpose. GM livestock have also been experimentally developed. 

Research is being done on bacteria which would speed up making cheese. Genetically modified yeast could be used to make beer that has fewer calories.

The approaches taken by governments to assess and manage the development and release of genetically modified organisms (GMOs) vary from country to country. Some of the most marked differences are between the USA and Europe. 

The US regulatory policy is the Coordinated Framework for Regulation of Biotechnology. The policy has three main principles: 

European Union have the strictest GMO rules in the world. All GMOs, and irradiated food, are considered "new food" and subject to extensive, case-by-case, science based food evaluation by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA). The criteria for authorization has four broad categories: "safety," "freedom of choice," "labelling," and "traceability". 

However many scientists think current studies are not good enough to be sure that genetically modified food is safe. 

One of the key issues is whether GM products should be labelled. A study into voluntary labelling in South Africa found that 31% of products labelled as GMO-free had a GM content above 1.0%. 

In Canada and the US labelling of GM food is voluntary. In Europe all food (including processed food) or cattle feed which contains greater than 0.9% of approved GMOs must be labelled. 

Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, and Australia require labelling so people can choose between foods that have genetically modified, ordinary or organic origins.

Most vegetable oil used in the US is produced from GM crops. Vegetable oil is sold directly to consumers as cooking oil, margarine, and shortening, and is used in prepared foods. 

As for soybeans, about 95% of the US crop is GM, and about 85% of the world's soybean crop is processed into soybean meal and vegetable oil. The bulk of the soybean crop is grown for oil production, with the high-protein defatted and "toasted" soy meal used as for farm animal food and dog food. 98% of the US soybean crop is used for feeding farm animals. A smaller percentage of soybeans are used directly for human food.

Researchers have made genetically modified potatoes which are resistant to potato blight. That disease caused the Irish potato famine in the 1840s. EU approval is needed before commercial growing of this GM crop can take place.


Tie clip

A tie clip is an accessory. It is to keep a necktie near a person's shirt.

Phone connector

A phone connector (also called jack plug, stereoplug) is an electrical plug that is used in audio systems. For example, it is used in electric guitar cables to connect the guitar to an amplifier. There are typically three different sizes of phone connectors: 6.3 mm, 3.5 mm and 2.5 mm diameters.

Balanced and unbalanced circuits are possible with stereoplug connector when using monosignal per one stereoplug. Sound quality improves with a balanced circuit because noise signal reduces, especially with microphones where the signal is often weak.


Tokoname

Tokoname has been known for making ceramics since the 12th century. The city is Japan's top producer of "Maneki Neko".

Tokoname is on the western coast of Chita Peninsula in southern Aichi Prefecture.



Avellino

Avellino is a city in southern Italy. It is capital of the province of Avellino.


Museo d'arte, Avellino

The Museo d'arte is a museum for modern and contemporary art. It is in Avellino, Italy.

The museum was opened on 2 January 1995. It was developed from the private gallery of O. Stefano into a museum open to the public. The design for the museum building was ready in September 1993. It was finished in December 1994.

The museum has a library and a documentary film library. It plays video documentaries and speeches by famous art critics.

Currently the museum exhibition presents to the public a few selected works of modern art and contemporary art. The original works include sculptures, drawings, oil paintings, and prints done by etching, lithograph and serigraph. 

Artists in the museum's permanent exhibition include:





Benjamin Wright Raymond

Benjamin Wright Raymond (June 15, 1801 – April 6, 1883) was an American politician who twice served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1839–1840, 1842–1843) for the Whig Party.

Raymond was born on June 15, 1801 in Rome, New York. He studied at St. Lawrence Academy. Raymond was married to Amelia Porter from 1835 until his death in 1883. They had a son, George Lansing. Raymond died on April 6, 1883 in Chicago, Illinois from an illness, aged 81.


Alexander Loyd

Alexander Loyd (August 19, 1805 – May 7, 1872) was an American politician. He served one term as Mayor of Chicago, Illinois from 1840 until 1841 for the Democratic Party.

Loyd was born on August 19, 1805 in Orange County, New York. He was raised in Chicago. He was married until her death. They had four children. Loyd died on May 7, 1872 in West Lyons, Illinois from heart failure, aged 66. 


Central Texas Council of Governments

The Central Texas Council of Governments (CTCOG) is a voluntary association of cities, counties and special districts in central Texas.

It is based in Belton, Texas the Central Texas Council of Governments is a member of the Texas Association of Regional Councils.

Fort Hood is located in Bell and Coryell Counties and is the largest employer in the CTCOG region. The U.S. Census recognizes Fort Hood as a Census-Designated Place; in 2010 the Fort Hood CDP had 29,589 residents.


John Putnam Chapin

John Putnam Chapin (April 21, 1810 – July 27, 1864) was an American politician. He was the Mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1846–1847). He was a member of the Whig Party.

Chapin was born on April 21, 1810 in Bradford, Vermont. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Chapin died on July 27, 1864 in Chicago from a heart attack, aged 54.

Signs and symptoms

Signs and symptoms are two words that doctors use to describe how a medical problem causes changes in a person's body.

A sign is a change in the body that can be heard, seen, felt, or smelled by a doctor. A sign may also be shown on medical tests like X-rays or blood tests. For example:
A symptom is a change in the body that cannot be seen, heard, felt, or smelled by a doctor. It also cannot be shown on medical tests. A symptom is something that only the person having the symptom can see, hear, feel, or smell. For example:

Often, medical problems cause both signs and symptoms. For example:

James Machon

James Machon (born 1848) was a Boy in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the Union Navy during the American Civil War.

Citation:

On board the U.S.S. Brooklyn during successful attacks against Fort Morgan, rebel gunboats and the ram Tennessee in Mobile Bay, on 5 August 1864. Stationed in the immediate vicinity of the shell whips which were twice cleared of men by bursting shells, Machon remained steadfast at his post and performed his duties in the powder division throughout the furious action which resulted in the surrender of the prize rebel ram Tennessee and in the damaging and destruction of batteries at Fort Morgan.

Surabaya

Surabaya, the second largest city in Indonesia, is the capital of East Java. The meaning of Surabaya is combination of "sura" meaning shark and "baya" meaning crocodile. There are about 3 million people living in Surabaya and they speak a dialect of Javanese called Suroboyoan. Surabaya is the second largest city in Indonesia after Jakarta. Surabaya is located on the edge of the northern coast of Java Island and dealing with the Madura Strait and Java Sea.

There are many museums and monuments that represents and shows the history of Surabaya.

The House of Sampoerna is a museum that exhibits from the story of the founder of Sampoerna, Liem Seeng Tee to history of tobacco making. One part of the museum shows the history of how this place was found. It starts from Seeng Tee moving to Indonesia after the death of his wife until how he found the old building of Dutch-supported orphanage. There are displays of Seeng Tee’s old objects such as his bicycle, motorcycle, and equipment and objects related to tobacco. There is a tobacco plant within the building where 3,500 women are rolling Dji Sam Soe cigarettes.

Gereja Perawan Maria Tak Berdosa is a Catholic church. It is one of the old buildings left from during the Dutch invasion in the 18th century. It is the oldest church in East Java. It has been preserved by the Dutch government in Indonesia. Despite the fact that it is old, the brick stones are undamaged. Without air-conditioning in the hot weather of Indonesia, the temperature inside the church is low and cool. Services were held since 1800s and it still continues today every Sunday in Chinese. 

Surabaya is not only the second largest city in Indonesia but it is known as the “city of heroes” because of the role it played in the Battle of Surabaya in November 10, 1945. This monument Tugu Pahlawan, Heroes Monument, is the symbol of Surabaya and is built to respect the heroes who fought for independence. This rocket-like monument points towards the moon 41.15 meters high. Along with the monument, there is a museum where diorama of Surabaya in 1945 is displayed. History of Surabaya at that time could be seen through pictures, clips, and stories. There are other buildings surrounding the monument to depict the struggles Indonesians had to go through.

Health Museum of Dr. Adhyatma was built in 1990s in order to save and maintain nation's cultural heritage. This museum exhibits historical items related to health and items that are used today. In September 14, 2004, Minister of Health changed the name of the museum to "Health Museum of Dr. Adhyatma, MPH - MOH. There is a special library in the museum that displays materials such as books, magazines, tapes, and video recording that provides information about health studies. The museum also has different show rooms that displays different equipments used in the past and genealogy of royal families of Indonesia. 


Samul nori

Samul nori is a Korean traditional musical performance, which is performed with four percussion instruments: Jing, Janggu, Buk (the drum in Korean), Kkwaenggwari. The performance includes dancing. Specifically, in "Samul", "sa" means "four", and "mul" means "object" in Korean, and "nori" means "to play". Considering the meaning of "Samul nori", this is one kind of playful and casual art performance done in public. In the past, Korean people usually play "Samul nori" when they work in agricultural area to relax after working.

Nowadays, some Korean people who play Korean traditional music try to boost Samul nori. Famous samul-nori performances are "Kim duk soo Samul nori" and "Namsadang nori". Namsadang Nori was chosen as a UNESCO Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity. In addition, some Koreans are trying to transform Samul nori to modern styles by mixing this with other modern performances. For example, there were TV shows where Samul nori performers were dancing with pop singers or DJs. 

Furthermore, other than mixing Samul nori with modern performances, some Korean people try to create new performance inspired by Samul nori. For example, "Nanta", a performance of sounds made by hitting everyday objects, is inspired by Samul nori. Also, there is "Nori dan", social enterprise in Korea, which play recycled garbage as musical instruments by hitting them.

63 Building

63 Building is a skyscraper on Yeouido (island) in Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul in South Korea. Despite its name, it actually has 66 floors – 63 floors above ground and 3 floors underground. Construction started in February 1980, and was completed in May 1985. At that time, the name of the building was “Daehanlife 63 Building”, but the name of this has changed to “63 City.” It was the highest building in Asia at the moment of being built. It is now the 5th highest building in even Korea – the highest building in Korea is Northeast Asia Trade Tower in Incheon. But from now on, 63 Building is known as the most famous landmark in Korea.

Before it was built, South Korea was in the period of development. Therefore, it was decided to build the highest building in Asia to beat Sunshine 60 in Tokyo, Japan. There were also no buildings which were higher than 31 floors in South Korea. The process of building was chosen very fast.

63 building is actually a building for Hanhwa Group but it also has some cultural areas for visitors. Except for the top 3 floors, visitors can enjoy all of the building. There is an aquarium named “63 Sea World”, IMAX theater, and observatory with museum named “63 Sky-art.” There are also many areas like food courts and restaurants.

63 Sea World was opened at July 27th, 1985, and has over 400 species and 20,000 marine lives in there. It also has a coelcanth and oarfish. The theater in 63 Building is the first IMAX theater in Korea. The “63 Buffet Pavilion” is known as one of the greatest restaurants in Seoul.

There are six elevators which were made by Mitsubishi in 63 Building, and their speed is about 540 meters per minute. It is the fastest elevator in Korea. For subway, there are two stations, Noryangjin station in Line 1 and Line 9.


Busker Busker

Busker Busker () is a Korean indie band which got their popularity in "Superstar K", one of the most famous audition programs in South Korea. The band is composed of three members now: Jang Bum-jun (guitarist and vocalist), Kim Hyung-tae (bassist), and Bradely Ray Moore (drummer). They won the second prize in "Superstar K" season 3, and then they officially released their own debut album on 29 March 2012.

The three members were in the same university; Jang and Kim were students of Animation Art and Brad was an English professor in Sang-myung University located in Cheonan. They named the band as Busker Busker because they performed on the street to the public in Cheonan. They went to Seoul in order to share their music talents with more people, especially in Hong-dae which is a favorite place for many indie musicians in Korea. As they got popular among people, they participated in "Superstar K" of M-net on April, 2011. Actually there were more members in the band but composition was somewhat unsettled. As the three of them could adjust their schedules and started to be aired on TV, Busker Busker has been fixed as trio band.

They could pass the preliminary stage as performing their own song "Ideal Type". In Super-week, they performed K-pop song "Coming-of-age ceremony" but they failed to pass the rival mission with 2-Month () singing "Juliet". However, one of the Top 10 band, Yeri-Band left the lodging without permission during training period. As there happened to be a vacancy in Top 10, Busker Busker was newly selected as one of the top 11, with Haze. As they sang several songs on the live stages including "Tokyo girl", "People in Seoul" and "Makgerlina", they got extremely popular and most of their songs were ranked highest in music charts. Although Ulala Session got the title of the competition, they kept their popularity after the Audition.

Busker Busker has released their first regular album, "Busker Busker 1st album", on March 29th, 2012. The songs in the album, which were all written by their own, hit all kinds of K-pop chart including "Cherry Blossom Ending", "First Love", and "Yeosu Night Sea". The album sold over a million, and the next album "Busker Busker 1st Finale" has also been loved since it was released on June 21st. They ended their first promotional activities for the albums after finishing their first concert, "Youth Bus", on June 22nd and 23rd.

Menorah (Hanukkah)

The Hanukkah menorah, or hanukiah, is a nine-branched lamp or candleholder used on the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah. It is used to celebrate, remember, and honor the historical miracle of Hanukkah. 

Its shape is an upright stand with eight equal branches to hold a candle or oil with a wick. A ninth branch, at the center or to one side and usually taller, is the "shamash" (). The "shamash" is lit first, then used to light the others, while a prayer is recited. One of the branches is lit on the first night, two on the second, etc., which lasts eight nights.

Menorah

Menorah may refer to:


Suspension of disbelief

Suspension of disbelief is the willingness for a person to accept fantasy as it is presented to them in any form of media.

Reality is the world around us. Fantasy is a world that only is in our minds, or recorded in some way onto or into something that can be passed along from one form to another. Fantasy cannot exist as something real, something that we can touch or see as it is. 

An example of something from fantasy is the White Rabbit from Lewis Carroll's "Alice in Wonderland". Because of our experience, that is, how we have lived our lives, it has not been proven that it can possibly be real. The White Rabbit is an animal which stands on two legs (in some stories), wears human clothing, and acts and speaks like a human. For us as humans, a normal rabbit does not speak, nor does it act or speak like a human. Because of that, we think of the White Rabbit as fantasy, it only can be living in a not-real world.

Suspension of disbelief is a way to enjoy a story. If one were to completely disregard a story as false, the entertainment value, what makes us like a story, would be lost. On the other hand, if one accepts a story as real for as long as the story goes on, then a connection to living in reality can be made, however big or small.

James Hutchinson Woodworth

James Hutchinson Woodworth (December 4, 1804 – March 26, 1869) was an American politician. He was in the Illinois State Senate and in the Illinois State House of Representatives. He was a Chicago Alderman. He was elected to consecutive terms as Mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1848–1850) as an Independent Democrat. He was in the US House of Representatives for one term as a member of the Republican Party.

Woodworth was born on December 4, 1804 in Greenwhich, New York. He was married to Almrya Booth from 1842 until his death in 1869. They had two children. Woodoworth died on March 26, 1869 in Chicago, Illinois from an illness, aged 64.


Isaac Lawrence Milliken

Isaac Lawrence Milliken (August 29, 1815 – December 2, 1885) was an American politician who was mayor of Chicago, Illinois from 1854 to 1855. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Milliken was born on August 29, 1815 in Saco, Maine. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Milliken died on December 2, 1885 in Chicago, Illinois from an illness, aged 70.


Charles McNeill Gray

Charles McNeill Gray (March 7, 1807 – October 17, 1885) was an American politician who was Mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1853–1854) for the Democratic Party.

Gray was born on March 7, 1807 in Sherburne, New York. He came and lived in Chicago since July 1834. Gray died on October 17, 1885 in Chicago, Illinois from an illness, aged 78.


Thomas Dyer

Thomas Dyer (January 13, 1805 – June 6, 1862) was an American politician who was mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1856–1857) for the Democratic Party.

Dyer was born on January 13, 1805 in Canton, Connecticut. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Dyer died on June 6, 1862 in Middletown, Connecticut from a heart attack, aged 57.


John Blake Rice

John Blake Rice (May 28, 1809 – December 17, 1874) was an American actor, theatrical producer and politician. He was the mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1865–1869). He was a Republican.

Rice was born in Easton, Maryland on May 28, 1809. He was raised in Annapolis, Maryland and in Chicago, Illinois. Rice died on December 17, 1874 in Norfolk, Virginia from liver cancer, aged 65.

Harvey Doolittle Colvin

Harvey Doolittle Colvin (December 18, 1815 – April 16, 1892) was an American politician. He was the mayor of Chicago, Illinois from 1873 to 1875. He was a member of the People's Party.

Colvin was born on December 18, 1815. He was never married and had no children. Colvin died on April 16, 1892 in Chicago, Illinois from an illness, aged 76.

Monroe Heath

Monroe Heath (March 27, 1827 – October 21, 1894) was an American politician. He was the mayor of Chicago, Illinois from 1876 to 1879. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Heath was born on March 27, 1827 in Grafton, New Hampshire. Heath died on October 21, 1894 in Asheville, North Carolina from a stroke, aged 67.

Menelik II

Menelik II (17 August 1844 – 12 December 1913) was Emperor of Ethiopia from 1889 until he died in 1913.


Rogers Arena

Rogers Arena is a sports arena in Vancouver, British Columbia. The arena opened on September 21, 1995, and is the current home to the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League. 
The arena was first known as General Motors Place from 1995 to 2010. It was renamed Canada Hockey Place for a short time and held ice hockey events during the 2010 Winter Olympics. The arena used to be the home of the Vancouver Grizzlies from 1995 to 2001 before they moved to Memphis, Tennessee to become the Memphis Grizzlies.

Rogers Communications has naming rights for the arena right now. The arena has hosted the WWF's PPV in 1996, ice hockey events during the 2010 Winter Olympics and UFC's 115 and 131.


Besse Cooper

Besse Berry Cooper (August 26, 1896 – December 4, 2012) was an American woman who was, the oldest living person in the United States since Eunice Sanborn's death on January 31, 2011 and also believed to be the world's oldest living person. However, Brazilian woman Maria Gomes Valentim was on May 18, 2011 confirmed to be older, which made her the oldest living person from Frenchwoman Eugénie Blanchard's death on November 4, 2010 and Cooper the oldest living person from her death on June 21, 2011, just 18 days before her 115th birthday.

Besse Cooper was born as Besse Berry Brown in Sullivan County in Tennessee on August 26, 1896. She was the third of eight children of Richard Brown and Angeline Berry. She graduated from East Tennessee State Normal School (now East Tennessee State University) in 1916. While a college student, she joined the so-called first wave of feminism in the United States, becoming a suffragette, joining the struggle for women's right to vote. The dedication of suffragettes like Besse, after some four decades of struggle by a fierce women's movement, resulted in the United States finally recognizing women as having the same right to vote as men, awarding them equal voting rights in all states. Besse's home state of Tennessee would prove the state which tipped the balance, being the 36th state needed to ratify and thus approve the Nineteenth Amendment be added to the U.S. Constitution in August 1920. She worked as a school teacher until the time of America's entrance to World War I in 1917, when she moved to Georgia. She taught in the Walton County town of Between until 1929, being the principal teacher in a one-room schoolhouse. She was married to Luther Cooper from 1924 until his death in 1963 with whom she had four children. She also had eleven grandchildren, thirteen great-grandchildren and two great-great-grandchildren. In her final years, Cooper lived in a nursing home in Monroe, Georgia.

In August 2012, a bridge in Between was named the "Besse Brown Cooper Bridge" in her honour.

She is also one of the 3 people to have lost the title of the oldest person but later regained it, the other two being Jeanne Calment and Elizabeth Bolden.

Cooper died of respiratory failure on December 4, 2012 at age 116 years, 100 days, and was succeeded as the oldest living person by Italian-born Americanwoman Dina Manfredini, who died just 13 days later. With Cooper's death, Gertrude Weaver become the oldest living person born in the United States.


University of Bristol

The University of Bristol is a red brick university in Bristol, southwest England. Some studies rate it as one of the top 30 universities in the world. It has about 14 applicants for every undergraduate place.

James Lovelock

James Ephraim Lovelock CH CBE FRS (26 July 1919 – 26 July 2022) was an English independent scientist. He became an environmentalist and futurist. He was best known for proposing the Gaia hypothesis. This suggests the biosphere is a self-regulating system.

After the development of an instrument in the late 1960s, Lovelock was the first to detect the widespread presence of CFCs in the atmosphere. He found a concentration of 60 parts per trillion of CFC-11 over Ireland. He went on to measure the concentration of CFC-11 from the northern hemisphere to the Antarctic aboard the research ship RRS "Shackleton".

Lovelock developed his Gaia ideas after working for NASA on detecting life on Mars.

The Gaia hypothesis proposes that living and non-living parts of the Earth form a complex interacting system that can be thought of as a single organism. Named after the Greek goddess Gaia at the suggestion of novelist William Golding, the idea is that the biosphere has a regulatory effect on the Earth's environment which acts to sustain life.

While the idea was readily accepted by many in the environmentalist community, it has not been widely accepted by other scientists. Among its more famous critics are the evolutionary biologists Richard Dawkins, Ford Doolittle, and Stephen Jay Gould. Lovelock has responded to these criticisms with models such as Daisyworld, which illustrate how individual-level effects can translate to planetary homeostasis, under the right circumstances.

In Lovelock's 2006 book, "The Revenge of Gaia", he argues that the destruction of rainforests weakens Gaia's capacity to control greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. If so, the planet's negative feedbacks would weaken, and global warming would continue to increase.

The warming of the oceans is extending the oceanic thermocline layer of tropical oceans over the Arctic and Antarctic waters. This would prevent the rise of oceanic nutrients into the surface waters and eliminate the algal blooms of phytoplankton. As phytoplankton and forests are the main ways in which Gaia draws down carbon dioxide, taking it out of the atmosphere, the elimination of this environmental buffering will see, according to Lovelock, most of the earth becoming uninhabitable for humans and other life-forms by the middle of this century, with a massive extension of tropical deserts. This rather extreme view is held by only a few other scientists.

In his most recent book, ""The Vanishing Face of Gaia"", he suggests that we may already be beyond the tipping point of terrestrial climate into a permanently hot state. Given these conditions, Lovelock expects human civilization will be hard pressed to survive. He expects the change to be similar to the PaleoceneEocene Thermal Maximum when atmospheric concentration of CO was 450 ppm. At that point the Arctic Ocean was 23 °C and had crocodiles in it, with the rest of the world mostly scrub and desert.

In September 2007, Lovelock and Chris Rapley proposed the construction of ocean pumps to pump water up from below the thermocline to "fertilize algae in the surface waters and encourage them to bloom". The basic idea was to accelerate the transfer of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere to the ocean by increasing photosynthesis and increasing the export of organic carbon (as "marine snow") to the deep ocean. A scheme similar to that proposed by Lovelock and Rapley is being independently developed by a commercial company.

Lovelock subsequently said that his proposal was intended to stimulate interest, and research would be the next step.

Lovelock died on 26 July 2022, his 103rd birthday, at his home in Dorset, England from problems caused by a fall.

DIN connector

A DIN connector is a type of round electronic connector. It is named for the Deutsches Institut für Normung, the German national standards regulator. DIN plugs can be used in audio systems and MIDI connections.The Mini-DIN connector is similar but smaller. Before USB connectors, keyboards and mice used mini-DIN connectors.

XLR connector

XLR connector is a type of electronic connector that is mostly used with audio technology. Balanced and unbalanced circuits are possible with XLR when using monosignal per one XLR connection. Sound quality improves with a balanced circuit because noise is reduced, especially with microphones where the signal is often weak.

Jayne Meadows

Jayne Meadows (who was born as Jane Cotter; September 27, 1919 – April 27, 2015) was an American movie and stage actress. She was the older sister for the deceased actress Audrey Meadows. She was married to Steve Allen. Meadows was nominated for three Emmy Awards. Meadows was born in Wu-ch'ang, Heilongjiang, China to an American family.

Meadows died of natural causes at her home in Encino, California, aged 95.


Line level

Line level is the strength of an audio signal. An audio signal transfers sound, for example to CD players and cassette players. It is much higher than microphone level, which can be only a couple of millivolts. A line level signal can be connected to an amplifier which sends the signal to loudspeakers with much higher power.

A preamplifier is a device that can make the line level higher. It can boost a microphone's weak audio signal.

Objectification

Objectification refers to the treating of an abstract concept as a real thing.

Objectification may also refer to sexual objectification.

Kim Campbell

Avril Phædra Douglas "Kim" Campbell (known as Kim Campbell) (born March 10, 1947), is a Canadian politician, lawyer, diplomat, and writer who was the 19th Prime Minister of Canada from June 25, 1993 to November 4, 1993.

Kim Campbell was born on March 10, 1947, in Port Alberni, British Columbia. Her Parents were George Thomas Campbell and Phyllis "Lisa" Cook. 

She entered the PC Party leadership race after Prime Minister Brian Mulroney announced his retirement from politics. She defeated Jean Charest at the Progressive Conservative leadership convention and was appointed Prime Minister on June 25, 1993 by Governor General Ray Hnatyshyn. She served as Prime Minister from June 25, 1993 to November 4, 1993. She was the first and only to date female Prime Minister of Canada, the first Prime Minister to have been born in British Columbia and the first Prime Minister to be a baby boomer.

When Campbell became Prime Minister, there had to be a general election. This is because elections in Canada have to take place at least every five years. During the 1993 federal election campaign, she became very unpopular after the writ was dropped. Because of this, on the day of the election, the Progressive Conservatives won only two seats in Parliament. Campbell lost her own seat.


Joy Davidman

Joy Davidman (born Helen Joy Davidman; 18 April 1915 – 13 July 1960) was an American poet and writer. She was Jewish and of Polish and Ukrainian descent. She won the Yale Series of Younger Poets Competition in 1938 and the Russell Loines Award for Poetry in 1939 for her book of poems, "Letter to a Comrade". She was the author of several books, including two novels. She was also the wife of C. S. Lewis. She died of bone cancer four years after the marriage.


Girma Wolde-Giorgis

Girma Wolde-Giorgis (December 28, 1924 – December 15, 2018) was an Ethiopian politician and was the President of Ethiopia from 2001 to 2013.

Girma Wolde-Giorgis was born in December 28, 1924, in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.

He went to school at the Ethiopian Orthodox Church school and he later joined the Teferi Mekonnen School in Addis Ababa until the Italian invasion of Ethiopia. He was elected the President of Ethiopia as a surprise choice on 8 October 2001 by a unanimous vote of the Ethiopian Parliament. On 9 October 2007, he was re-elected as president.

Mulatu Teshome was elected the President of Ethiopia by a unanimous parliamentary vote on 7 October 2013.

Wolde-Giorgis died on December 15, 2018 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia at the age of 93.

Hydrometer

A hydrometer is an instrument used to measure the specific gravity (or relative density) of liquids; that is, the ratio of the density of the liquid to the density of water it is used as water

A hydrometer is usually made of glass and consists of a cylindrical stem and a bulb weighted with mercury or lead shot to make it float upright. The liquid to be tested is poured into a tall container, often a graduated cylinder, and the hydrometer is gently lowered into the liquid until it floats freely. The point at which the surface of the liquid touches the stem of the hydrometer is noted. Hydrometers usually contain a scale inside the stem, so that the specific gravity can be read directly. A variety of scales exist, and are used depending on the context.

Hydrometers may be calibrated for different uses, such as a lactometer for measuring the density (creaminess) of milk, a saccharometer for measuring the density of sugars in a liquid, or an alcoholometer for measuring higher levels of alcohol in spirits.

Hygrometer

A hygrometer is a meteorological instrument that is used to measure the humidity of the air. A common way these devices work is by using a material that attracts moisture. This material changes depending on how hydrated it is.
A hygrometer has two bulbs: one wet and one dry. Both bulbs are like thermometers, though one is covered with a wet or dry towel. After a period of time, the water on the bulb evaporates and at that time, the temperature is measured on each bulb. The difference between the temperatures is noted. Then each of the temperatures are used on a chart to find the relative humidity of that temperature and area. Relative humidity is a ratio, so it has no unit. A small difference between the temperature of the bulbs shows a high relative humidity coming from a low evaporation rate. In dry air, evaporation takes place faster showing a large difference in temperature thus giving a low relative humidity. 

A sling psychrometer works when the scientist spins two thermometers through the air, one plain and one with a wet cloth around it. The dry thermometer measures the air temperature. The wet thermometer measures the dew point, because the wet cloth is cooled as the thermometer spins. Since the water on the cloth evaporates, due to latent heat, which is the loss of heat energy when matter goes through a phase change, the cloth cools. Then, the thermometer measures the temperature of the cloth. Eventually the cloth will match the amount of water absorbed in it with the amount of water absorbed in the air, or the humidity. When the matching happens, the temperature will stabilize. Then, the scientist looks on a table to find the dew point according to the air temperature and humidity measured by the wet bulb. 

Gondola lift

A gondola lift is a type of public transport. It consists of cabins fixed to a cable that travels between two stations. The cable is moved around by motors at the stations and is lifted from the ground by towers. A gondola lift is similar to a cable car, and sometimes it is called like that. However, unlike a cable car a gondola lift contains many cabins that go around at the same time. Usually the cabins slow down at the stations to allow passengers to get in or out.

Gondola lifts are mainly used in skiing resorts to transport tourists up and down the mountains.

The National Ski Areas Association reports 0.138 deaths per 100 million miles transported compared to 1.23 for cars.



John A. Roche

John A. Roche (August 12, 1844 – February 10, 1904) was an American politician. He was the mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1887–1889). He was a Republican.

Roche was born on August 12, 1844 in Utica, New York. Roche died on February 10, 1904 in Chicago from a type of poisoning, aged 59.

DeWitt Clinton Cregier

DeWitt Clinton Cregier (June 1, 1829 – November 9, 1898) was an American politician. He was the mayor of Chicago, Illinois from 1889 to 1891. He was a Democrat.

Cregier was born on June 1, 1829 in New York City, New York. He was married to Mary Sophia Foggin. They had ten children. Cregier died on November 9, 1898 in Chicago, Illinois from pneumonia, aged 69. He is buried in Rosehill Cemetery in Lincoln Square, Chicago.

Hempstead Washburne

Hempstead Washburne (November 11, 1852 – April 13, 1919) was an American politician. He was the mayor of Chicago, Illinois from 1891 to 1893. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Washburne was born on November 11, 1852 in Galena, Illinois. Washburne died on April 13, 1919 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 66.

John Patrick Hopkins

John Patrick Hopkins (October 29, 1858 – October 13, 1918) was an American politician. He was the mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1893–1895). He was a Democrat.

Hopkins was born on October 29, 1858, in Buffalo, New York. He was never married. Hopkins died on October 13, 1918, in Chicago, Illinois from a flu, aged 59.

Jeonju

The city of Jeonju was the political, economic and cultural center in the Honam Plain, Korea’s most fertile farmland that encompasses today’s South and North Jeolla Provinces. The first historic records about the city come from the Unified Silla Period. Back then, the city was called Wansanju. After the Unified Silla was divided, Jeonju served as the capital of the late Baekje, one of the kingdoms set up after the breakup of the Unified Silla. Coming to the Joseon period, Jeonju became even more important as the city was the birthplace of the first ancestor of Lee Sung-gae, the first king of the Joseon Dynasty. 

Known as a city with 1000-year history, Jeonju is also promoted as a gateway to traditional Korean culture and gastronomy. The Hanok Village in Jeonju is one of the most famous tourist attractions that many Koreans and foreigners visit every year. The Hanok Village, where traditional Korean houses from the Joseon Period are preserved, offers traditional Korean cuisine, hanji, or traditional Korean paper, and oriental medicine. Tourists can get a hands-on experience at various tourist facilities and historic sites in the city. 

UNESCO has officially designated Jeonju as a City of Gastronomy. The flavorful foods Jeonju offers are widely known among Koreans as well, and there are many restaurants in Korea that claim that they have originated from Jeonju. Two most famous foods from Jeonju are bibimbap and a bean sprout soup called kongnamulgukbap. Bibimbap is a dish that mixes rice with sautéed vegetables, meat, eggs, and hot red-pepper paste and offered in a bowl. Different ingredients blend in well to create a harmonious taste. Kongnamulgukbap is a bean sprout soup offered with rice in it. It seems a simple dish to make. But it has a very special taste that also comes from a mix of different ingredients put it to make the soup broth.

Frank J. Corr

Frank J. Corr (January 12, 1877 – June 3, 1934) was an American politician. He was the acting mayor of Chicago, Illinois in 1933 after the assassination of Anton Cermak. Corr was a Democrat.

Corr was born on January 12, 1877 in Brooklyn, New York. His family moved to Chicago in 1890. Corr was married to Mary Corr. They had no children. Corr died on June 3, 1934 in Chicago, Illinois from a heart attack, aged 57.

Edward Joseph Kelly

Edward Joseph Kelly (May 1, 1876 – October 20, 1950) was an American politician who was mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1933–1947) for the Demoratic Party.

Kelly was born on May 1, 1876 in Chicago, Illinois. He was married to Mary Edmond Roche from 1910 until her death in 1918. They had one child. Then he was married to Margaret Ellen Kirk from 1922 until his death in 1950. They had three children. Kelly died on October 20, 1950 in Chicago, Illinois from heart failure, aged 74.

Backpacking (travel)

Backpacking is a form of low-cost and basically independent travel. Backpacker is the term for those who travel by carrying a light backpack for a relatively long period of time.

The cost of backpacking depends on the duration of traveling. No matter how long they are planning to travel, backpackers also need to spend money on eating, sleeping and moving. Backpacking travel type minimizes the cost by choosing cheap accommodation, such as youth hostels. One of the popular ones is Youth Hostels Association (YHA). Many hostels are registered with YHA, and they have common standards. Depending on room types and season, the cost varies from $10 to $60 per night. Sometimes backpackers book accommodations at low rate and stay as a paying guest while on a long journey. Portals like airbnb.com, isearchrentals.com accumulates such kind of paying guest accommodations

Backpackers are highly connected to each other. They get information not only from the internet, but also from a bulletin board of their accommodation, Backpackers. They share their information how to get to the destination wisely and about shops or restaurants on the bulletin board. Some backpackers depend on couch surfing, not spending money on accommodation, visiting local people's houses. There are Backpackers Group in reach region, who plan their trip on regular intervals year around.

Martin H. Kennelly

Martin H. Kennelly (August 11, 1887 – November 29, 1961) was an American politician. He was the mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1947–1955). He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Kennelly was born on August 11, 1887 in Chicago, Illinois. He was never married and had no children. Kennelly died on November 29, 1961 from heart failure, aged 74.

Starship Troopers

Starship Troopers is a 1997 American science fiction action adventure thriller movie. It was released on November 7, 1997. The gross amount of money the movie made was $65,000,000 (worldwide). The companies that helped make the movie TriStar Pictures, Touchstone Pictures and Big Bug Pictures. "Starship Troopers" was directed by Paul Verhoeven.

Starship Troopers is about an interplanetary war between the Humans (Mobile Infantry) and large insect-like aliens in the 23rd century. It is about the experience of Johnny Rico, one of 3 close friends who join up to fight the bugs before his hometown of Buenos Aires is destroyed by the aliens.


Trifles

Trifles is a one-act play by Susan Glaspell. She wrote a short story "A Jury of Her Peers". She adapted the story from the play a year after its debut. It was first shown to the public by the Provincetown Players at the Wharf Theatre in Provincetown, Massachusetts on August 8, 1916. In the original play, Glaspell played the role of one of the characters, Mrs. Hale. It frequently appears in American literature textbooks.

The play is about the murder of John Hossack. Glaspell reported on the murder while she was working as a news journalist for the Des Moines Daily News. People thought that Hossack's wife, Margaret, killed her husband. However, Margaret argued that someone had entered the house and killed John with an axe. She was found out to be guilty, but Susan Glaspell could not forget about the accident.

"Trifles" is an example of early feminist drama. There are two female characters: Mrs. Peters and Mrs. Hale. They had the ability to sympathize with the victim's wife, Minnie. Therefore, they could find the evidence against her while the men could not find the evidence because of their cold, emotionless search of material facts. The female characters find the body of a canary. Its neck was twisted and it was killed in the same way as John Wright, who was the dead husband. They can find out from the evidence that Minnie was the murderer, and they appear to empathize with her situation. Clearly, the wife is symbolized by the caged bird, a common symbol of women's roles in society. The plot ends with the two women hiding the evidence against Minnie.

The male characters have prejudice. They believed that they can discover nothing important in areas of the house where Minnie spent most time. Because of their prejudice, they overlook important clues that are "trifles" to them, while women concern about the clues. Male characters search the barn and the bedroom, places where men have power, rather than the kitchen, the only place where a woman would be powerful. One important line, spoken by the sheriff, says of the kitchen "Nothing here but kitchen things." The main reason of their failure of finding the evidence is that they ignored the importance of woman's life and did not want to enter the "woman's sphere". The most important evidence, the dead canary that the two women find, was hidden in Minnie's sewing basket.

After they find the evidence, the two women face the moral dilemma of telling the men about the motive or protecting Minnie because they see Minnie as a victim. Their choice raises questions about solidarity among women, the meaning of justice, and the role of women in society as a source of justice.

As the women note, Minnie used to sing before she married John Wright. Martha thinks that Minnie could not sing or do anything that makes her happy because of her husband. Martha also thinks that Minnie's spirit was dead when she got married. The writer symbolizes it in the strangling of her songbird companion.

Minnie is similar to her kitchen and sewing things. The cold weather freezes and breaks her preserve jars. That symbolizes the cold environment of her home breaking her spirit. In addition, the coldness cause the characters to fail to empathize each other.

The male characters are clear symbols of "law" and cold rationality, while the women are intuitive. They raise questions of the value of rational thought.

One thing unique in this play is that the main "players" in the murder, Minnie (the murderer) and John Wright (the murdered) never appear on stage. Other characters describe their lives and personalities.

• John Wright, the murdered Husband in the beginning of the Play
• Minnie Wright, main focus of the play and suspect of her husband's murder

SSG Landers

The SSG Landers, known as the SK Wyverns from 2000 to 2020, is a professional baseball team in South Korea. It was established in 2000. The team is based in Incheon and plays home games at Incheon SSG Landers Field. The mascot of this team was a wyvern, a king of dragons, while it was known as the SK Wyverns. Now, the mascot of this team is a dog.

In the 2000 season, the Ssangbangwool Raiders, a team that had previously represented the North Jeolla region since 1991, was dissolved because of the bankruptcy of the Ssangbangwool Group. Then the KBO appointed SK company as a supporter of the new team, and SK determined its team name as SK Wyverns. So the Raiders and the Wyverns has no historical links although the Wyverns consisted of many players from the Raiders.

The Hyundai Unicorns, a team that had previously represented Incheon, went to Suwon, and the SK Wyverns became new Incheon team. It advanced the first Korean Series in 2003, where somewhat ironically, it was defeated by the Hyundai Unicorns in seven games.

In 2007, under the new director Kim Sung-keun, SK defeated the Doosan Bears in six games to win the 2007 Korean Series - the first time the franchise had won the Korean Series - after finishing the league in first place. They became the first team in Korean Series history to win after losing the first two games. Designated Hitter Kim Jae-hyun was the series MVP.

SK went to the Korean Series again in 2008, once again facing their main rivals, Doosan Bears. In a repeat of 2007, SK defeated Doosan and became the Korean Series Champions again. Choi Jeong, 21 year old 3rd baseman, was the series MVP.

In 2009, in spite of many injured players, SK advanced the Korean Series again, but they were defeated by the KIA Tigers in 7 games. However, in 2010, it regained the champion title by defeating Samsung Lions. In the next two years, SK lost to Samsung in the Korean Series.

Michael Anthony Bilandic

Michael Anthony Bilandic (February 13, 1923 – January 15, 2002) was an American politician. He was the mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1976-1979). He was a member of the Democratic Party. He became mayor after being elected by the Chicago City Council to become acting mayor, upon the death of Richard J. Daley, beating Wilson Frost.

Bilandic was born on February 13, 1923 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at DePaul University. He was married to Heather Morgan. Bilandic died on January 15, 2002 in Chicago, Illinois from heart failure, aged 78.


Jean Baptiste Point du Sable

Jean Baptiste Point du Sable (before 1750 – August 18, 1818) was the founder of the city of Chicago, Illinois in c. 1770s. Point du Sable was the first person to live in the city. He settled around where today the Chicago River is located at. He left Chicago in 1800.

Point du Sable was born around the 1750s. His birthplace is not known. Many people say that he was born in Haiti. Point du Sable died on August 18, 1818 in St. Charles, Missouri.


Lester L. Bond

Lester Legrant Bond (October 27, 1829 – April 15, 1903) was an American politician. He was the acting Mayor of Chicago, Illinois from August 18, 1873 through December 1, 1873 when Joseph Medill left for Europe.

Bond was born on October 27, 1829 in Ravenna, Ohio. He was married to Mary Aspenwell. They had a daughter, Laura Bond. Bond died on April 15, 1903 in Chicago, Illinois from a stroke, aged 73.

Thomas Hoyne

Thomas Hoyne (February 11, 1817 – July 27, 1883) was an American politician who was elected as the Mayor of Chicago in 1875. Since Honye was an Independent, there was never a Democrat or Republican who wanted to run for mayor at the time. But after his victory, he did not wanted to be the mayor because of the conflict and might ruin his career.

Hoyne was born on February 11, 1817 in New York City, New York. He was married to Leonora Maria Temple. They had seven children. Hoyne was killed on July 27, 1883 in Carlton, New York in a train crash, aged 66.

David Duvall Orr

David Duvall Orr (born October 4, 1944) is an American Democratic politician from Chicago, Illinois. He was the mayor of Chicago from November 25, 1987 through December 2, 1987. He became the mayor after the death of Harold Washington.

Orr was born on October 4, 1944 in Chicago, Illinois. He was married to Loretta Lim. They had four children. Orr now lives in Chicago, Illinois.

Héctor Camacho

Hector Camacho (May 24, 1962 – November 24, 2012) was a Puerto Rican boxing performer known for his quickness in the ring. He held three world championships: one in the super featherweight, one in the lightweight and one in the junior welterweight boxing weight divisions. His boxing career lasted for almost 30 years. On November 20, 2012, the boxer died on November 24 after being shot while he sat inside a vehicle close to a bar in Puerto Rico. He was 50 years old.

Voiced consonant

In phonetics, a voiced consonant is a consonant which is pronounced with the vibration of the vocal cords. For example, the sound [] is a voiced consonant (specifically a sibilant), while [] is not, and it is called a voiceless consonant. You can feel when your vocal cords are vibrating by putting your finger at your larynx, or the Adam's apple.

Here are some examples of voiced and voiceless consonant pairs in English:

Many languages have pairs of consonants like these.

Dyke (geology)

A dyke (or dike) is when later molten lava pushes up between older rock layers. This produces later vertical rock between older layers of rock. 

Technically, it is any geologic body which cuts across: a) flat wall rock structures, such as bedding. b) massive rock formations, usually igneous in origin. Dykes can therefore be either pushed in between (intrusive) or laid down (sedimentary) in origin.

The most usual thing that happens is that later volcanic activity pushes lava through strata which were laid down earlier in a sedimentary fashion, or through earlier igneous rocks. On the Isle of Arran, for example, there are hundreds of igneous dykes. This gives rise to the term dyke swarm. 

Alternatively, sedimentary rocks can be laid down in vertical gaps between strata. Or, after underwater earthquakes, gaps caused by the earthquake can be filled in with breccia, that is, broken rocks.

Dykes are a common, almost universal, feature of the older Palaeozoic rocks. Another type of intrusion is the sill, where later rock is formed between older layers, not through them. So dykes are vertical intrusions, and sills are horizontal intrusions. Many magmatic events produce both vertical and horizontal intrusions.

Dyke swarms can be seen on other planets.

Angie Dickinson

Angeline Dickinson (née Brown; born September 30, 1931) is an American actress. She starred in the features "Dressed to Kill" and "Pay it Forward". She was also the star of the television series "Police Woman". Her daughter Nikki (born in 1966) committed suicide in January 2007.

Sill (geology)

In geology, a sill is a flat sheet-like intrusion. As molten magma, it pushed between older layers of rock. The older rock may be sedimentary rock, beds of volcanic lava or tuff, or metamorphic rock. 

The sill does not cut across preexisting rocks, unlike dykes. Sills are fed by dykes as they form from a lower magma source. The existing rocks must split to create the planes along which the magma moves in. These planes or weakened areas allow the intrusion of a thin sheet-like body of magma paralleling the existing strata. When it cools and crystallises, it is then a sill.

Enantiomer

In chemistry, an enantiomer is a special kind of isomer. It is a molecule that looks exactly like another one when viewed in a mirror. The subject of mirror-image chemicals is known as chirality.

If you try to put the two molecules on top of each other, they will not be the same (they will not superimpose). This is because they have one chiral centre. It is important that they only have one, otherwise the two molecules are called diastereoisomers.

Both enantiomers of a molecule have the same basic properties. For example, they have the same boiling point and NMR spectrum. Therefore they are difficult to separate. It is sometimes very important to separate them because in some drug molecules one enantiomer might have the right effect but the other might be dangerous. One famous example is thalidomide: one enantiomer of the molecule causes birth defects.

A chiral molecule is a molecule that is not superimposable on its mirror image, while enantiomers are the set (all of) the molecules which are mirror images of eachother

Molecule A and B have mirror images (A' and B' respectively). A' and B' are not superimposable on A and B, thus, both A and B are chiral molecules since their mirrors are not the same as the originals, but only [ A and A' ] and/or [ B and B' ] are enantiomers.

In other words, a chiral molecule X is chiral if its image X' is not the same, while the set of both [ X and X' ] are enantiomers.

Aldol reaction

The aldol reaction is a very important reaction in organic chemistry. It allows to form new carbon-carbon bonds. It was discovered in 1872.

The reagents are two carbonyl compounds together with a base. A proton is removed from one of them forming a negative charge on the α-carbon (the carbon just next to the C-O double bond). The negative charge can then attack the other carbonyl compound, forming the bond. The product is a β-hydroxy carbonyl compound, a molecule with a C-O double bond and an alcohol two carbon atoms down the chain. This reaction is very powerful because it can form a big molecule from two smaller ones.

Modern ways of doing the aldol reaction also allow to control the stereochemistry of the product. This is a very good way to create new chiral centres.

Robert Kuroda

Robert Toshio Kuroda (November 8, 1922-October 20, 1944) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Kuroda was born in Hawaii. He was the son of immigrants who were born in Japan. He is a "Nisei", which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American.

Kuroda joined the Army in March 1943.

Kuroda volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 442nd Regimental Combat Team. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in October 1944, Kuroda was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Kuroda's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, his family was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Kuroda's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in France in 1944. Without help from others, he destroyed two machine gun nests.

Kuroda attacked two enemy machine gun positions. During the fighting, he was killed by a sniper.

The words of Kuroda's citation explain:
Staff Sergeant Robert T. Kuroda distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action, on 20 October 1944, near Bruyeres, France. Leading his men in an advance to destroy snipers and machine gun nests, Staff Sergeant Kuroda encountered heavy fire from enemy soldiers occupying a heavily wooded slope. Unable to pinpoint the hostile machine gun, he boldly made his way through heavy fire to the crest of the ridge. Once he located the machine gun, Staff Sergeant Kuroda advanced to a point within ten yards of the nest and killed three enemy gunners with grenades. He then fired clip after clip of rifle ammunition, killing or wounding at least three of the enemy. As he expended the last of his ammunition, he observed that an American officer had been struck by a burst of fire from a hostile machine gun located on an adjacent hill. Rushing to the officer's assistance, he found that the officer had been killed. Picking up the officer's submachine gun, Staff Sergeant Kuroda advanced through continuous fire toward a second machine gun emplacement and destroyed the position. As he turned to fire upon additional enemy soldiers, he was killed by a sniper. Staff Sergeant Kuroda's courageous actions and indomitable fighting spirit ensured the destruction of enemy resistance in the sector. Staff Sergeant Kuroda's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

Robert Kuroda is the namesake of the US Army logistics support vessel, the "USS Robert T. Kuroda" (LSV-7). A parade ground at Fort DeRussy in Honolulu is named after Kuroda.



Hyun-jin Ryu

Ryu Hyun-Jin ( born March 25, 1987 in Incheon, Gyeonggi-do) is a South Korean professional baseball player. He is 6 ft 2 inches tall and weighs 215 lbs. He is a left-handed pitcher.

He plays for the Toronto Blue Jays. In the past, he played for the Los Angeles Dodgers.

Ryu Hyun-Jin went to Dongsan High School in Incheon, South Korea.

In 2003, Ryu pitched for his school in the Michoohall National High School Championship. He recorded an 0.00 ERA in 3 games.

In 2004, he went through the Tommy John surgery. So he did not show up in any official games.

In 2005, he led his team to the top place of the Blue Dragon Open National High School Championship. He pitched 1.54 ERA in 53 and 2/3 Innings, earning 6 wins and 1 loss.

Ryu Hyun-Jin played well in the Amateur League. So Ryu was selected by the Hanwha Eagles as the 1st pick in 2006. His professional league debut was on April 12, 2006 pitching against LG Twins. That day he earned his first league win. He allowed only 3 hits and no runs for 7 and 1/3 innings. He became a sensation in the league from his debut. And finished the season with 18-6, 2.23 ERA and 205 strikeouts in 201 and 2/3 innings. In his first year, he got the pitching Triple Crown, and was named both Rookie of the year and Player of the Year.

Since then, Ryu kept his place as a top pitcher in the league. And he won many personal titles.

In August 2008, Ryu played for the South Korea national baseball team in the 2008 Beijing Olympics. The South Korea national baseball team won the gold medal. For this, Ryu does not have to join the Military for 2 years like other men in South Korea.

In March 2009, he played for the South Korea national baseball team in the 2009 World Baseball Classic. His team finished in second place.

In 2010, Ryu played in the 2010 Asian Games. The South Korea national baseball team won the gold medal.

Ryu always showed his wish to play in the Major League Baseball. The Korea Baseball Organization allows their players to make a contract with a Major League team after playing 7 years in the Korean League. But the agreement of the player's original team is needed. After the 2012 season, Ryu used this rule to play in the Major League Baseball league. The Los Angeles Dodgers suggested $25,737,737.33 to get the agreement from his original team, the Hanwha Eagles. Hanwha Eagles accepted the suggestion, and the Los Angeles Dodgers and Ryu agreed on his salary and contract years on December 10, 2012.

Skyfall

Skyfall is a 2012 spy movie and the twenty-third in the "James Bond" series produced by Eon Productions. The movie is the third to star Daniel Craig as fictional MI6 agent James Bond and includes Javier Bardem as Raoul Silva, the villain, and Judi Dench, as M. It was directed by Sam Mendes and written by Neal Purvis, Robert Wade, and John Logan, and features the theme song "Skyfall", written and performed by Adele. It was distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. The movie centres around Bond investigating an attack on MI6; the attack is part of a plot by former MI6 operative Raoul Silva to humiliate, discredit and kill M as revenge against her for betraying him. It sees the return of two recurring characters after an absence of two movies: Q, played by Ben Whishaw, and Miss Moneypenny, played by Naomie Harris.

Mendes was approached to direct after the release of "Quantum of Solace" in 2008. Development was suspended when MGM ran into financial trouble, and did not resume until MGM emerged from bankruptcy in December 2010; meanwhile the original screenwriter, Peter Morgan, left the project. When production resumed, Logan, Purvis, and Wade continued writing what became the final version. Filming began in November 2011, primarily in the United Kingdom, with smaller portions shot in China and Turkey.

"Skyfall" premiered at the Royal Albert Hall, London, on 23 October 2012 and was released in the UK on 26 October and in North America on 9 November. It was the first James Bond movie to be screened in IMAX venues, although it was not filmed with IMAX cameras. The release coincided with the 50th anniversary of the series, which began with "Dr. No" in 1962. "Skyfall" was very well received by critics, who praised its screenplay, acting (particularly by Craig, Bardem, and Dench), Mendes's direction, Deakins's cinematography, Thomas Newman's musical score, and action sequences. It was the fourteenth movie to gross over $1 billion worldwide, and the only "James Bond" movie to do so. It became the seventh-highest-grossing movie of all time, the highest-grossing movie in the UK, the highest-grossing movie in the series, the highest-grossing movie worldwide for both Sony Pictures and MGM, and the second-highest-grossing movie of 2012. The movie won several accolades, including two Academy Awards, two BAFTA Awards and two Grammy Awards.

The next movie in the series, "Spectre", was released in North America in November 2015, with Craig reprising his role, Sony Pictures returning to distribute, and Mendes returning to direct.

Tomb of Zechariah

The Tomb of Zechariah (Zechariah Ben Jehoiada) is a famous grave in the Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery, Jerusalem.

Tomb of Absalom

Tomb of Absalom () is a famous monument grave. According to the Jewish religion, it is the tomb of Absalom, son of King David. The monument is next to the Tomb of Zechariah monument grave in Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery in Jerusalem.


Tomb of Nicanor

The Tomb of Nicanor (also called the Cave of Nicanor) is a famous ancient cave. According to the Jewish tradition, this is the grave of Nicanor, who built the doors on the First Temple in Jerusalem. Two famous Zionist activists were buried there: Leon Pinsker and Menachem Ussishkin.

They planned to turn it into a national pantheon (monument) for the Jewish people. After the establishment of the state of Israel the national pantheon was established on Mount Herzl in the west side of the city. The cave is located in the National Botanic Garden of Israel in the campus of Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Mount Scopus.


Bezalel Academy of Art and Design

Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design is the national academy of art and design of Israel. It is located in Mount Scopus, with some other small campuses in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.


Bahá'í World Centre

The Bahá'í World Centre is the headquarters of the Bahá'í Faith. It is located in Haifa, Israel on Mount Carmel. The Bahá'í World Centre includes the World Bahá'í Archive, Universal House of Justice of the Baha'i Faith, International Center for advisors, and the Scripture Study Center. There are many Baha'i believers in Haifa and Acre.


Eddie Bracken

Edward Vincent "Eddie" Bracken (February 7, 1915 – November 14, 2002) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, voice actor, and comedian. He was known for his roles in "The Miracle of Morgan's Creek", "Fun on a Week-end", "Baby's Day Out", "", and in "We're Not Married!".

Bracken was born on February 7, 1915 in Queens, New York. He was married to Connie Nickerson from 1939 until her death in 2002. They had five children. Bracken died on November 14, 2002 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey after going into surgery, aged 87.


David Newell

David Newell (born November 24, 1938) is an American television and voice actor who is known for his television role as Mr. McFeely in "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood". He also voiced the character in "Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood". In 2018, he appeared in the Fred Rogers documentary "Won't You Be My Neighbor?".

Newell was born on November 24, 1938 in O'Hara Township, Pennsylvania. He was raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Newell studied at Pittsburgh University.

Medical assistant

A medical assistant (sometimes called an MA) is a medical professional who works in medical settings along with doctors and nurses. They do things to help doctors and nurses with their jobs, and may perform many different tasks.

Some medical assistants are similar in some ways to a nurse. They take care of patients in hospitals and other medical facilities, and they perform other tasks to help run the office. They are different from a nurse mainly in that medical assistants cannot plan out what a patient's care will be like. They can only do what a nurse or a doctor instruct them to do.

Other types of medical assistants work in the reception area of a doctor's office, similar to a secretary. These medical assistants may file paperwork, update medical records, and greet patients.

Medical assistants usually go to school for between one and two years. They may hold an associate's degree, or in some cases a certificate if they already have an associate's degree in something else.

Medical assistants tend to earn between $20,000 and $40,000 a year in salary. Factors that influence a Medical Assistant's salary can be their location, the amount of training they have, the amount of time they've been working as a medical assistant, and the skills they've learned while working.

Scalping

Scalping is the act of removing the scalp, or a part of the scalp, from a dead body or another living person. The scalp would serve as a trophy from battle or proof of a warrior's skill. Scalping was also done for money, when the scalper was given a certain amount of money as a reward for each scalp of the enemy they acquired.

Scalping was often done during the colonisation of North America. It was practised by certain nations of Native Americans, but this was not the norm. It was also done by European colonists. Some United States and Mexican territories paid bounties for enemy Native American scalps.

In Australia, scalping of dingos was a widespread form of bounty hunting. It began in 1912, when the government of South Australia decided to pay people money for dingo scalps, to reduce attacks on livestock. This was also done in Western Australia and the Northern Territory.

Angkaliya Curtis

Angkaliya Curtis (born c. 1928) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. She paints animals from the central Australian desert.

Curtis was born around 1928, at a place called Miti, in north-western South Australia. Her family are Pitjantjatjara people. They lived a traditional nomadic way of life in the desert, often walking long distances from place to place in search of food and water. While living in the bush with her family, Curtis learned about the sacred law of the land from her mother and grandmother. They taught her about the Dreamtime and her family's spiritual ancestors, about bush food and traditional healing. She also learned about traditional crafts. She made ceremonial belts and "" (head rings) by spinning hair on a hand-made spindle.

When Curtis was still a child, she travelled with her mother to what is now Watarru, her mother's homeland. The family lived for a time on cattle stations, and traded dingo scalps and rabbit skins for flour, tea and sugar. They later settled on the mission at Ernabella. When she was older, Curtis married a man named Bill, and worked at Ernabella spinning wool and making rugs.

In the 1960s, she moved back west (closer to her homeland) when the outstation at Amaṯa was established. She now lives at Nyapaṟi.

Curtis is best known for her acrylic paintings, but she is also still involved in traditional handicraft work (making grass baskets and wooden carvings). The most visible motif in Curtis' paintings are her representations of animals. Her works stand out against other artists from her region because of her subtle use of colours.

Her work has been exhibited around Australia since 2007. It was first shown internationally in 2010, in San Sebastian, Spain. Examples of her paintings are displayed in the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art, the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory, the National Gallery of Victoria, the National Gallery of Australia, and the Australian National University.

Curtis was a finalist for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2010 and 2011. She was also one of 16 finalists for the Western Australian Indigenous Art Award in 2011.

Dickie Minyintiri

Dickie Minyintiri (c. 1915 – 23 September 2014) was an Australian Aboriginal artist from Pukatja, South Australia. He began painting in 2005, when he was about 90 years old. After winning the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 2011, he became a very successful artist. He ws said to be the oldest artist at Pukatja, and also the community's most senior lawman (a keeper of "Tjukurpa" or sacred knowledge).

Minyintiri was born into a Pitjantjatjara family some time around 1915. He was born in the bush at Pilpirinyi, Western Australia, near the border with South Australia. His childhood was spent living nomadically in the desert with his family. Their homelands were spread over a large area along the border, but they often travelled far to the east for ceremonies. They camped for several years around the Musgrave Ranges near what would later become the settlement of Ernabella. This was before the arrival of White people in the area. The family had their first contact with Western civilisation in the 1920s, when Minyintiri was still a child. They encountered a group of men on camels trying to pull a truck out of a bog.

Minyintiri and his family were there for the establishment of the mission settlement of Ernabella in 1937. They settled on the mission with several other Aboriginal families. Minyintiri has lived at Ernabella since then. He worked for most of his life as a shepherd and shearer. In his later years, he became a widely respected "" (traditional healer), and is now one of the most important elders in his community. Before he became a painter, Minyintiri crafted traditional wooden tools (mostly spears).

Minyintiri began painting at Ernabella Arts in late 2005. He painted at the art centre for a few hours each day, while his wife (now deceased) would wait outside with their dogs to keep her company. Minyintiri originally painted on paper, but now paints on canvas. His works have been shown in many group exhibitions since 2006, in most major Australian cities. The South Australian Museum was one of the first public galleries to show his work, which it did in a 2007 exhibition.

Most of Minyintiri's paintings are done using synthetic polymer paint on canvases. His earliest paintings were done on paper. His paintings are almost always multi-layered (several layers painted over the top of each other), with strong motifs and symbols representing landmarks or figures. Each layer represents a different memory or story. Because of his old age, Minyintiri only paints six to eight artworks a year. Nearly all of them are large canvases.

His paintings depict sacred stories from his Dreaming (a kind of spirituality). He paints songlines, or the journeys taken by the ancestral beings of his Dreaming country – such as the "kanyaḻa" (euro), "malu" (red kangaroo), "wiilu" (stone-curlew), "waru" (wallaby) and "kaḻaya" (emu). His art is often also a reflection of his younger life in the desert, before settling permanently at Ernabella. The religious elements of his works are always obscured, for cultural reasons.

Examples of Minyintiri's work are held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Art Gallery of South Australia, the Art Gallery of New South Wales, the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art, and the National Gallery of Australia.

In 2010, Minyintiri's painting ' ("Red Kangaroo Tracks") was chosen as a finalist for the 27th National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award. The award was won by Jimmy Donegan, another Pitjantjatjara artist, from Kalka. Minyintiri won the 28th NATSIAA in August 2011, for his painting ' ("Euro Tracks"). His work was chosen from over 300 entries, which had been reduced to 61 finalists. Minyintiri was about 96 at the time. With Donegan winning the award the year before, it was the second year in a row that an artist from the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands had won.

"" is a multi-layered synthetic painting, done on a large canvas. The background is made up of pale yellows and oranges, and is covered with a complex network of thick, ivory-coloured lines. Flashes of blue, black and pink peep through the surface lines. The judges praised Minyintiri for his subtle use of colour. His work was compared to the early batik works of Emily Kngwarreye.

The painting depicts a sacred men's ceremonial site near Pilpirinyi. The network of lines traces the tracks of ancestral spirits (kangaroos, dogs and emu) to important waterholes, where men also went for their ceremonies. Each layer and line is a memory of a journey Minyintiri has made. The painting is therefore a reflection of the artist's years of travelling his country, and an expression of his ancestral relationship to the land.

24

24 is a year in the 1st century. It was a leap year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Cethegus and Varro.





25

25 is a year in the 1st century. was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lentulus and Agrippa





Ambrose

Saint Ambrose (c. 330 – 4 April 397) was an Archbishop of Milan. He is an important figure in the Catholic church, and the patron saint of Milan.

Saint Ambrose was one of the four original Doctors of the Church, the title given by the Catholic Church to saints for their significant contribution to theology or doctrine through their research study or writing.

The feast day is celebrated on December 7.

Phu Quoc International Airport

Phu Quoc International Airport is an airport on Phu Quoc Island, at the southern end of Vietnam. The construction began in November 2008 and finished in November 2012. It was opened on 2 December 2012, and replaced the old airport. The runway is long and wide. The current capacity is 2.6 million passengers per year and will be upraded to 4 million in 2020, 7 million in 2030.

Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance

The Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance (), is an Israeli academy for music and the performing arts. It is located in Jerusalem. Many famous Israeli artists studied there, such as the singer David D'or and the composer Nurit Hirsch.

The academy is a part of the Givat Ram campus of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.


Ben Gurion International Airport

Ben Gurion International Airport (, "") is an international airport in Tel Aviv, Israel. This airport is the main international airport in Israel and the largest airport in Israel.

The airport is named after the first Israeli prime minister David Ben-Gurion.


Korean Augmentation to the United States Army

Korean Augmentation to the United States Army (KATUSA) is a scheme of military duty in South Korea. Under this program, soldiers in the South Korean Army are given posts in U.S. Army bases that are located in several places in South Korea. KATUSA soldiers are under the command of both the South Korean Department of Defense and the U.S. Department of Defense. The purpose of the KATUSA program has been different depending on the historical situation in Korea.

The KATUSA system was established in July 1950 during the Korean War. It was started as a spoken agreement between President Syngman Rhee and U.S. General Douglas MacArthur. At that time, the U.S. Army needed a military force that had the proper knowledge of the geography of Korea, and the abilities to distinguish ally troops (South Korea) from enemy troops (North Korea) and communicate better between U.S. soldiers and Korean soldiers. Therefore, some were drafted to KATUSA by force, and others voluntarily (by their own choice) applied . After training, they were divided into the U.S. military, such as 2nd, 7th, 24th, 25th divisions. During the Korean Wars, a total 43,660 KATUSA soldiers fought for South Korea with U.S. forces. Of these soldiers, 11,365 went missing or were killed in action.

After a ceasefire agreement between the United States and North Korea, the U.S. government decided to keep the KATUSA system. It was kept so that KATUSA soldiers could make up for the instant shortage of U.S. forces from the military evacuation. The KATSUA soldiers could also help the American soldiers who stayed behind in Korea to keep a good relation with the Korean military. Therefore, the KATUSA system still has been operating in Korea with some changes in its method of operations.

Every South Korean male aged between 18 and 28 must do at least 18 months of military service. As of 2012, the Department of Defense recruits KATUSA soldiers for the next year every September. So people who want to perform their military duty under the KATUSA program apply for it in September.

The people applying must have at least one valid score among the various English competency tests: TOEIC, TEPS, TOEFL (PBT or IBT), G-TELP Level 2, FLEX. The Department of Defense has set cut-off points for each of these tests, which have changed over time. After the department finishes recruiting applicants, it randomly picks KATUSA soldiers for the next year who meet all the standards required. It announces the names of applicants who got accepted to be KATUSA on November of the same year.
When the time has come for the applicants to enter the military, they gather at Republic of Korea Army (ROKA) training camp, which is located at Nonsan-si, Chungcheongnam-do. Trainees have to finish all the basic training courses like any other ROKA soldier. These go for five weeks. After they finish the training, the soldiers with Private rank go to the KATUSA Training Academy (KTA), which is located at Uijeongbu. They get specialized trainings that help them to adapt to life in the U.S. Army, and to become "ambassadors" working for the mutual cooperation between South Korea and the United States. This training goes for 3 weeks. After this, trainees are assigned as soldiers to U.S. Army posts in South Korea. The placements are made according to several scores they get during training.

Paloma Faith

Paloma Faith (born Paloma Faith Blomfield on 21 July 1981) is an English singer, songwriter and actress. 

She was born in Hackney and raised in Stoke Newington. Her latest album is called, "A Perfect Contradiction". In 2009 she won an award for European Top 100 Albums with her album, "Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful?". The singer met her managers Jamie Binns and Christian Wåhlberg in 2007.




Darlington transistor

A Darlington transistor, sometimes called "Darlington pair" is a transistor circuit that is made from two bipolar transistors. Sidney Darlington invented it at Bell Labs. It is like a transistor but it has much higher ability to gain current. The circuit can be made from two discrete transistors or it can be inside an integrated circuit. The hfe parameter with a Darlington transistor is each transistors hfe multiplied together.

The circuit is useful in audio amplifiers or in a probe that measures very small current that goes through water.
It is so sensitive that it can pick up the current in skin. If you connect it to a piece of metal, you can make a touch-sensitive button.

Kaoru Moto

Kaoru Moto (April 25, 1917-August 26, 1992) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Moto was born in Hawaii to Japanese immigrant parents. He is a "Nisei", which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American.

Ten months before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, he joined the US Army in March 1941.

Moto volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 100th Infantry Battalion. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in July 1944, Moto was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Moto's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, his family was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Moto's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in central Italy in 1944. Without help from others, he attacked two machine guns; and, although he was wounded, he captured a third machine gun nest.

Acting on his own, Moto silenced two enemy machine gun positions while acting as a scout. He also destroyed a third even though he was seriously wounded.

The words of Moto's citation explain:
Private First Class Kaoru Moto distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 7 July 1944, near Castellina, Italy. While serving as first scout, Private First Class Moto observed a machine gun nest that was hindering his platoon's progress. On his own initiative, he made his way to a point ten paces from the hostile position, and killed the enemy machine gunner. Immediately, the enemy assistant gunner opened fire in the direction of Private First Class Moto. Crawling to the rear of the position, Private First Class Moto surprised the enemy soldier, who quickly surrendered. Taking his prisoner with him, Private First Class Moto took a position a few yards from a house to prevent the enemy from using the building as an observation post. While guarding the house and his prisoner, he observed an enemy machine gun team moving into position. He engaged them, and with deadly fire forced the enemy to withdraw. An enemy sniper located in another house fired at Private First Class Moto, severely wounding him. Applying first aid to his wound, he changed position to elude the sniper fire and to advance. Finally relieved of his position, he made his way to the rear for treatment. Crossing a road, he spotted an enemy machine gun nest. Opening fire, he wounded two of the three soldiers occupying the position. Not satisfied with this accomplishment, he then crawled forward to a better position and ordered the enemy soldier to surrender. Receiving no answer, Private First Class Moto fired at the position, and the soldiers surrendered. Private First Class Moto's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.



Schmitt trigger

A Schmitt trigger is an electronic device which can moderate analog signal values only to zero or one (0 / 1). It can be made of a couple transistors, or several triggers can be arranged in an integrated circuit. 


United States Army Nurse Corps

The United States Army Nurse Corps (NC) is an American army branch. It was created by the United States Congress in the year of 1901. This Special Branch together with five other ones form together the Army Medical Department (AMEDD).

The Nurse Corps is the nursing service for the U.S. Army and provides qualified nursing staff in support of the plans of the United States Department of Defense.

All work must be in favor of the wellness of warriors and their families.


Ignaz Semmelweis

Ignaz Semmelweis (born 1818 - died 1865) was a Hungarian doctor who discovered bacteria, disease and infection. He is the father of infection control. Semmelweis observed that if the doctors washed their hands and disinfected them, the number of infections of childbed fever could be reduced. For this reason, Semmelweis ordered his medical students to wash and disinfect their hands before and after medical rounds. He was mocked by fellow doctors, but he could not prove his findings, because bacteria had not been discovered yet. In 1870, Robert Koch proved that bacteria can cause disease. People such as Louis Pasteur proved what is known as the germ theory of disease only after Semmelweis' death.

Semmelweis probably had Alzheimer’s disease and he was sent to an asylum for being insane. He died after 14 days in the asylum possibly being beaten by the staff and inmates.

Robert Eugene Bush

Robert Eugene Bush was an American military during World War II. He was serving as a hospital corpsman for the United States Navy. Het was honored with a Medal of Honor for his brave actions during the Battle of Okinawa.

Bush was born on October 4, 1926, in Tacoma, Washington. In 1944 he joined the navy as a young boy.

During the invasion of Okinawa he got wounded on May 2, 1945, during an attack on a rifle company that he was on patrol.

At 18 years of age he was awarded for his braveness by President Truman in a White House with the Medal of Honor.

After the war, he returned to finish high school. Then he went on with a study in business administration at the University of Washington.

After he finished study, he founded the Bayview Lumber Company at South Bend, Washington in 1951 and Bayview Redi-Mix at Elma, Washington.

Tom Brokaw, a television personality and journalist, wrote a chapter about Bush in his World War II book "The Greatest Generation" (1998).

Robert and Wanda Bush were the parents of three sons and a daughter. He died from cancer on November 8, 2005, in Olympia, Washington when he was 79 years old.

Televisión Nacional de Chile

Televisión Nacional de Chile (TVN), is a company in Chile. It broadcasts in the Chilean territories and other countries on television and the Internet.



Canal 13 (Chile)

Canal 13, is a Chilean television network.




Tonka Tomičić

Tonka Tomicic Petric (; born 31 May 1976) is a Chilean model and television presenter of Croat origin.

She first came to public attention as the Chilean representative to the 1995 Miss World pageant. Soon after she was invited to the program "Pase lo que Pase" of TVN as a fashion commentator. She received her big break when she became one of the principal co-presenters of this program and went on to assume the co-presenter role of "Buenos dias a todos", a popular morning television show.

In February 2006, Tomičić was elected Queen of the Viña del Mar International Music Festival, and in 2007 she was presentor of the same festival with Sergio Lagos.


La Red

La Red, whose letters stand for Red Chilena de Televisión, is a Chilean television network.


Pamela Díaz

Pamela Andrea Díaz Saldías (born 26 February 1981 in Puerto Varas) is a Chilean model and television presenter.

Buddy Guy

George "Buddy" Guy (born July 30, 1936) is an American blues guitarist and singer. He worked with other musicians such as Muddy Waters, Eric Clapton, Jimi Hendrix, and Stevie Ray Vaughan. He is known for his music such as "Slipin' In" and "Feels Like Rain".

Guy was born on July 30, 1936 in Lettsworth, Louisiana. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. He was married to Jennifer Guy from 1991 until they divorced in 2002.


Ed O'Neill

Edward Phillip "Ed" O'Neill, Jr. (born April 12, 1946) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his roles as Al Bundy in "Married... with Children" and as Jay Pritchett in "Modern Family". He has won two Screen Actors Guild Awards for his role as Pritchett.

O'Neill was born on April 12, 1946 in Youngstown, Ohio. He studied at Youngstown State University. O'Neill has been married to Catherine Rusoff since 1986. They have two children.

Michael Dell

Michael Saul Dell (born February 23, 1965) is an American businessman. He created the computer technology company Dell. He was added as the 41st richest person in the world. Dell has about $19.9 billion dollars.

Dell was born on February 23, 1965 in Houston, Texas. He was born to a Jewish family. Dell dropped out from the University of Texas at Austin. Dell married Susan Lieberman in 1989. They have four children.

James Gosling

Dr. James A. Gosling (born May 19, 1955) is a Canadian computer scientist who invented Java.

Gosling was born on May 19, 1955 in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. He studied at the University of Calgary and at Carnegie Mellon University. Gosling is married. They have two children.


Colt McCoy

Daniel Colt McCoy (born September 5, 1986 in Hobbs, New Mexico) is an American football starting quarterback that currently plays for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). McCoy was drafted out of the University of Texas at Austin by the Cleveland Browns with the 18th pick in the third round of the 2010 NFL Draft.

In 2006, during his time with the Texas Longhorns, he was a candidate for the Heisman Trophy. He was again a candidate for the trophy in 2007 which was won by Tim Tebow. McCoy is a member of the Church of Christ.


Sense and Sensibility (movie)

Sense and Sensibility is a 1995 movie that was directed by Ang Lee. It is an adaptation of "Sense and Sensibility", a novel published by English author Jane Austen in 1811. The movie starred Emma Thompson, Kate Winslet, Hugh Grant, and Alan Rickman.

Antofagasta

Antofagasta is a city in northern Chile. It is the capital of the province of Antofagasta and of the region of Antofagasta. In the 2002 census, the city had a population of 296,905.


Karyn White

Karyn White (born 14 October 1965 in Los Angeles) is an American R&B singer. She was very popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Her hit singles include "Secret Rendezvous" and "Superwoman".

Holland Taylor

Holland Virginia Taylor (born January 14, 1943) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actress. She played Ruth Dunbar in "Bosom Buddies". She played Margaret Powers in "The Powers That Be". She played Judge Roberta Kittleson in "The Practice". She played Evelyn Harper in "Two and a Half Men". She won an Emmy Award in 1999.

Taylor was born on January 14, 1943 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She studied at Westtown School and at Bennington College.


Alan King

Alan King (Irwin Alan Kniberg, December 26, 1927 – May 9, 2004) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, voice actor, writer, movie producer, and comedian. He was known for his roles in "Casio", "Rush Hour 2", "The Anderson Tapes", "Just Tell Me What You Want" and in "Cat's Eye". He is also known for his voice guest-star role as the Don in "Family Guy".

King was born on December 26, 1927 in New York City, New York. He was born to a Jewish family. King was married to Jeanette Sprung from 1947 until his death 2004. King died on May 9, 2004 in New York City, New York from lung cancer, aged 76.


Four Freedoms

The Four Freedoms is an important concept of American president Franklin D. Roosevelt. He presented them in the "State of the Union" of January 6, 1941, which is therefore also called the "Four Freedoms Speech".

Roosevelt made the "Four Freedoms" public just eleven months before the American participation at World War II. The concept played an important role in the American propaganda during the war. After Roosevelts death in 1945, his wife Eleanor continued being an important advocate for including the "Four Freedoms" in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.

To inspire a greater public for his concept, Roosevelt arranged the creation of the Four Freedoms Monument. The statue was made public in 1943 in New York City. In honor of one of the first Americans to be killed in action in World War II, Colin Kelly, Roosevelt had the statue moved to Kelly's former home in Florida.

In 1943 artist painter Norman Rockwell got inspired by the "Four Freedoms" and made a series of four paintings on this subject. Afterwards, the American authorities made use of these paintings to collect money for the world war.


Right to an adequate standard of living

The right to an adequate standard of living is a fundamental human rights. It is part of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that was accepted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on December 10, 1948.

Furthermore it has been written down in article 11 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, which is a human righs treaty of the United Nations as well.

The predecessor of this right, the "Freedom from Want", is one of the "Four Freedoms" that American President Franklin D. Roosevelt spoke out at his State of the Union of January 6, 1941. According to Roosevelt it is a right every human being everywhere in the world should have. In his speech Roosevelt described his third right as follows:


Freedom from fear

Freedom from fear is a fundamental human right. This right was mentioned by American President Franklin D. Roosevelt as one of the "Four Freedoms" human beings everywhere in the world should have. Roosevelt presented the "Four Freedoms" at his State of the Union of January 6, 1941, which therefore has been called the "Four Freedoms Speech" as well.

This right, as well as the other three of the "Four Freedoms" of Roosevelt, makes part of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which was accepted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on December 10, 1948. "Freedom from fear" is written down in the introduction tot the UN Declaration.

In his speech Roosevelt described his fourth right as follows:
In 1943 Norman Rockwell painted his work "Freedom from Fear " which is one of four paintings he made on Roosevelts "Four Freedoms".

Aung San Suu Kyi has named this right many times in speeches and wrote a book with the title "Freedom From Fear" on it in 1991. Historian David M. Kennedy was inspired by the right as well and in 1991 he brought out his book with the title "Freedom From Fear: The American People in Depression and War, 1929–1945".


Port Coquitlam

Port Coquitlam is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The population of Port Coquitlam was 58,612 in 2016. The mayor of Port Coquitlam is Greg Moore. The first European settlement in Port Coquitlam was established in 1859 although the Coast Salish people lived in and around the area first. The city is also nicknamed "PoCo" for short. In 2008, the city was ranked #85 for its murder rate which is for Canadian cities with a population over 50,000.


Four Freedoms Monument

The Four Freedoms Monument is a sculpture by Walter Russell. It was in New York City at first and later moved to Florida.

The monument is a symbol for the "Four Freedoms" human beings everywhere in the world should have. This part of his speech has therefore been named the "Four Freedoms Speech" as well. This was before the American participation at World War II. The "Four Freedoms" of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt are the following:

Roosevelt had the monument built with the idea to inspire a greater public for his four freedoms.

The monument was first presented in 1943 in Madison Square Garden in New York City, with the presence of 60,000 people. It was presented in the honor of Colin Kelly, one of the first Americans to be named an American hero of the Second World War. On June 14, 1944, the monument was moved to the former home of Kelly in Madison, Florida.

Toomas Hendrik Ilves

Toomas Hendrik Ilves (born 26 December 1953), is an Estonian politician. He was the President of Estonia from 2006 to 2016.

Toomas Hendrik Ilves was born on 26 December 1953, in Stockholm, Sweden.

In 1957 he married his first wife, American psychologist Dr. Merry Bullock, and they had one son and one daughter. He got married again in 2004, Evelin Int-Lambot and has one daughter with her. He was elected on 23 September 2006 and began his term as President on 9 October 2006. Evelin and him were divorced on 30 April 2015. He married his third wife on 2 January 2016, Ieva Ilves. He was re-elected as president in 2011.

Nimravides

Nimravides was a prehistoric saber-toothed cat which lived in North America during the middle and late Miocene. Despite its scientific name "Nimravides" does not belong to the Nimravidae, but belongs to the family Felidae.

The earlier species of the genus are smaller and more primitive than the later forms. The tiger-sized "Nimravides catacopsis" resembles the primitive "Machairodus aphanistus", a species known from the late Miocene of Eurasia.


Gong Ji-young

Gong Ji-young (; born 31 January 1963 in Seoul) is a South Korean novelist and journalist. Her popular novels are "My Sister Bongsoon" (2002), "Our Happy Time" (2005) and "The Crucible" (2009). She is considered a pioneer of Korean feminism. Since the mid 1990s, she has been considered one of the most eminent Korean female writers. She is gaining in popularity, especially among female readers. Her books have sold more than nine million copies.

In 1985, Gong Ji-Young received her Bachelor's in Arts in Literature from Yonsei University. At that time she worked as a writer at a publishing company and at The Council of Writers for Freedom and Practice, which is now called The Writers Association of Korea (WAK). She has participated in demonstration for Korea's democracy in the 1980s. She was sent to a detention center for joining anti-vote rigging demonstration and decided to become a writer. In 1988, she made a literary debut through her novel "Dawn". In the middle of the 1990s, her novels "Mackerel", "Human Decency" and "Go Alone Like the Rhinoceros' Horn" were on the bestseller list concurrently. In the early 2000s, she sold her novel "My Sister Bongsoon" for almost 1.6 million volumes.

Gong Ji-Young divorced three times and has raised three children. The children's last names are all different. To pay for her children's loans, she made a comeback after seven years and released "Our Happy Time"(2005). The novel was made into a feature film with a total of over four million viewers. After having published "The Crucible" (2009), the novel was made into a feature film (2011) raising public interest in the rights of disabled students. She was awarded the Lee-sang Prize for the 2011 novel "Wander an Alley in Barefoot".

Gong received several awards for her work:



Finnair

Finnair is a Finnish airline. The company was established on November 1, 1923. The first flight was in March 1924. Their motto is: "Designed for you" ().

Almost 4470 people worked for Finnair in 2014. 


Hazara District

Hazara District was an old district of Peshawar Division in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan until 1976. It was the most northerly part of the division and covered an area of about . It was a long narrow shape, about wide and about long. It separated Kashmir from the independent areas. The main cities were Abbottabad, Haripur, Mansehra, Nawashahr and Baffa. It is now renamed as the Hazara Division. 

Washuk District

Washuk District () is a district in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.


Bengali nationalism

Bengali nationalism is the political expression of ethno-national consciousness of the Bengali people. These people live in the region of Bengal. The territory is divided between Bangladesh and the Indian state of West Bengal.

The Bengali Language Movement and its fallout had created a lot of cultural and political hostility between the two parts of Pakistan. Despite making up a majority of the Pakistani population, Bengalis were only a small part of Pakistan's military, police and civil services. Ethnic and socio-economic discrimination against Bengali people in East Pakistan made them angry. Because West Pakistanis were influenced by Perso-Arabic culture, they saw Bengali culture as too closely associated with Hindu culture. One of the first groups demanding the independence of East Pakistan was the Swadhin Bangal Biplobi Parishad (Free Bengal Revolutionary Council).

Swadhin Bangal Biplobi Parishad

The Swadhin Bangal Biplobi Parishad was an underground student political group organized in 1961 by Mujibur Rahman, the founder of Bangladesh. The group worked to oppose the military rule of Ayub Khan (Field Marshal). It also worked for more autonomy and the independence of East Pakistan as Bangladesh.

Helping hand

A helping hand, also called a third hand is a tool for soldering. It has other uses too. A magnifying glass can be with it. It has adjustable clips to hold wires or other work parts. Benefits include better quality to soldered parts, no risk of burning hands, and easier work.The tool was invented by one William P. Rowing when he attempted to make various parts in his workstation into a pose-able miniature. He originally intended to fashion something that he could set into a fad he had began to show an interest in called: The Dab, however the alligator clamps and the magnifying glass turned out to be perfect for soldering and crafting more delicate pieces. 

Mini Israel

Mini Israel () is a miniature park located in Ayalon Valley, near Latrun, Israel. The park is in shape of the star of David. It has 385 models over and a small shopping mall and exhibition hall. The park opened in 2002 and was officially opened on April 7, 2003. 


CNA Center

CNA Center is a 622-ft (189m), 44-story high-rise building at 333 South Wabash Avenue in the Loop of Chicago, Illinois. The building is well known for lighting logos or messages on the front side of the building or for its dark red color. It is the tallest red building in Chicago. Construction began in March 1970. The building was finished in 1972 and was open to the public in 1973.


One Prudential Plaza

One Prudential Plaza (or the Prudential Building) is a 41-story structure in Chicago. It was finished in 1955 as the headquarters for Prudential's Mid-America company. The building is known for its 311 feet antenna. The building is 601 feet (183 m) without the antenna. With the antenna, the building is 912 feet (270 m) high. The building and its "sister" building, the Two Prudential Plaza, was sold in May 2006 for $470 million dollars. It was the 2012 Obama campaign headquarters for the United States presidential election, 2012.


Power line communication

Power line communication (or Powerline communication) uses existing electric power lines to send and receive data. The data signal is modulated and multiplexed over several carrier frequencies. There are different technologies that can be used:

Chicago Theatre

The Chicago Theatre is a theatre in Chicago, Illinois where stage plays, magic shows, comedy, speeches, and popular music concerts are held every year. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 6, 1979, and it was listed as a Chicago Landmark on January 28, 1983. The theatre is also known for the bright color lights that light-up the words "Chicago" side to side.


Chicago River

The Chicago River is 156 miles long (251 km) and goes through the city of Chicago, Illinois, including the center of the city (the Chicago Loop). The river is not long, but it is known for being the reason why Chicago became an important place, as the connection between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi Valley waterways. The river is the only river in the world to be reversed (which is, made to flow backwards, in the opposite of its natural direction) by civil engineering.

In the 19th century through civil engineering, the flow of the river was reversed to head toward the Mississippi River basin, away from Lake Michigan. This was done for reasons of sanitation through the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal. The Chicago River is also noted for the local custom of dyeing it green on St. Patrick's Day. The tradition of dyeing the river green happened by accident in 1961 when plumbers used fluorescein dye to trace sources of illegal pollution discharges. Now, the river is dyed using forty pounds of powdered vegetable dye for environmental safety reasons. The river is controlled for boats or ships going through the river.

The river is memorialized, in part, by two horizontal blue stripes on the Municipal Flag of Chicago. The river also serves as inspiration for one of Chicago's symbols: a three-branched, Y-shaped symbol (called the municipal device) is found on many buildings and other structures throughout Chicago; it represents the three branches of the Chicago River.

The Main Stem flows 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west from the direction at Lake Michigan; passing under the Outer Drive, Columbus Drive, Michigan Avenue, Wabash Avenue, State Street, Dearborn Street, Clark Street, La Salle Street, Wells Street, and Franklin Street bridges en route to the North Branch at Wolf Point.

At McClurg Court it passes the Nicholas J Melas Centennial Fountain, which was built in 1989 to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago; between May and October the fountain sends an arc of water over the river for ten minutes every hour.

For the Chicago Cubs rally and parade for their 2016 World Series Championship celebrations, the river was dyed Cubs blue.

On the north bank of the river, near the Chicago Landmark Michigan Avenue Bridge, is Pioneer Court, which marks the site where Jean Baptiste Point du Sable came to Chicago. Point du Sable is known as the founder of Chicago. On the south bank of the river is the site of Fort Dearborn. Well known buildings surrounding this area include the NBC Tower, the Tribune Tower, and the Wrigley Building.

The river turns slightly to the south west between Michigan Avenue and State Street, passing the Trump International Hotel and Tower, 35 East Wacker, and 330 North Wabash. Turning west again the river passes Marina City, the Reid, Murdoch & Co. Building, Merchandise Mart, and 333 Wacker Drive.


Multiplexing

Multiplexing is the name for an operation or method which combines several signals into one, before that signal is sent over a telecommunications line. At the other end of the line, the combined signals are "demultiplexed", that is, the combination of the signals is undone. There are different ways how this multiplexing can be done:
Multiplexing was first done for telegraphy in the 1870s, and for telephone lines in 1910. Today, it is widely used. 

Western Wall

The Western Wall, Wailing Wall or Kotel (, ; ; ) is an ancient wall in the Old City of Jerusalem on the western side of the Temple Mount. According to Jewish tradition this wall is a remnant of the Second Temple in Jerusalem. It is the most holy site for Jews.

<br>



Haifa International Airport

Haifa Michaelli Airport (, "") is an international airport in Haifa, Israel. It is located close to Kishon Port and the coast of the Gulf of Haifa. This is the second-largest airport in Israel after Ben Gurion International Airport. The airport also has flights to the Middle East and Europe.


Carolina de Moras

Carolina Andrea de Moras Alvarado (born 24 February 1981) is a Chilean model, actress and television presenter.


Rockefeller Center

Rockefeller Center is a group of buildings covering between 48th and 51st streets in Manhattan, New York City, New York, United States. The buildings connect together underground. An ice-skating rink is located in the middle. Rockefeller Center also has a skyscraper called 30 Rockefeller Plaza.

Rockefeller Center was made by John D. Rockefeller, Jr. during the Great Depression in the 1930s between Fifth Avenue and Sixth Avenue. Construction finished in 1939. It is decorated in Art Deco style. It became a National Historic Place in December 1987. In the 1970s, more buildings were made to the west of Sixth Avenue.


Coquitlam

Coquitlam is a large city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is part of the Metro Vancouver area. As of 2016, 139,284 people lived there. In 2011, the population was 126,804. Between 2011 and 2016 the population grew by 9.8%. The mayor of Coquitlam is Richard Stewart.

The Coast Salish people occupied the territory for at least 9,000 years before Simon Fraser came through the region in 1808. Europeans settled in Coquitlam during 1859.

The city of Coquitlam was named a "Cultural Capital of Canada" in 2009 by the Department of Canadian Heritage.


Transamerica Pyramid

The Transamerica Pyramid is the second tallest skyscraper in the San Francisco skyline and one of its most iconic. The building is the headquarters of the Transamerica Corporation, it is still strongly part of the company and is part of the company's logo. Designed by architect William Pereira and built by Hathaway Dinwiddie Construction Company, at 260 m (850 ft). When the building was finished in 1972 it was among the five tallest buildings in the world. The tower has no public access except for the first floor lobby, so this means that visitors cannot go to the top for a skyline view.


Jerusalem International Airport

Jerusalem International Airport (or Atarot Airport) was an airport north of Jerusalem, near Ramallah. It was the first airport in the British Mandate of Palestine. It has been closed since the Second Intifada, in 2010.


Jorge Zabaleta

Jorge worked in Canal 13 until 2008, when he joined TVN working in Hijos del Monte.

1988 United States presidential election

The 1988 United States presidential election happened on November 8, 1988. George H. W. Bush, the Republican candidate and Vice President of the United States, won the election. He defeated the Democratic candidate, Governor Michael Dukakis of Massachusetts. 

This presidential election was the first since 1948, as well as the most recent one to date, in which a political party won a third presidential election in a row. This also remains the most recent in which a candidate won over 400 electoral votes. Since the 1988 election, no candidate has managed to equal or surpass Bush's number of electoral votes won or popular vote percentage.

Bush ran an aggressive campaign taking advantage of a good economy, a stable international stage, and President Ronald Reagan's popularity. Meanwhile, Dukakis's campaign suffered from several miscues, including failure to defend from Bush's attacks. This allowed Bush to win with a substantial margin of the popular vote; while winning the Electoral College by a landslide.

Bush won the election by 426 electoral votes. Governor of Massachusetts Michael Dukakis got 111 electoral votes. Lloyd Bentsen got 1 electoral vote by a West Virginia faithless elector.

Democratic candidates:
Republican candidates:

Jerusalem Light Rail

The Jerusalem Light Rail (, "") is a light rail line in Jerusalem. It was opened in 2011. It began being built in 2002 and was finished in 2010 after many failures and bankruptcy of the construction company. The light rail is famous for Chords Bridge at the western entrance to Jerusalem from Road 1.


Radioisotope thermoelectric generator

A radioisotope thermoelectric generator (or RTG) is a type of machine that uses heat from radioactive decay to make electricity. The RTG, powered by a radioisotope heater unit, is used in satellites and sometimes in other remote unmanned systems. 

Carmelit

The Carmelit () is the first and currently the only rapid transit rail system in Israel. It opened in 1959 after three years of building. It is the oldest metro system and funicular system in the Middle East. The Carmelit has closed down for repairs three times. It was closed from 1986 to 1992 for renovations. The metro has only one line, which runs from Haifa's port to Mount Carmel. It runs from sea level up to an altitude of , with a total of six stations.

The system is named after Mount Carmel.



Jerusalem Historical City Hall Building

The Jerusalem historical town hall is a historical building that used to be the town hall of Jerusalem. It is in Safra Square, next to the walls of the Old City and Jaffa Street. The building was built in 1930 during the time of the British Mandate for Palestine. It was used until 1993, when a new city hall building was opened next to the old one.


Norman Rockwell Museum

The Norman Rockwell Museum is a museum in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. Its houses the art and archives of American painter and illustrator Norman Rockwell.

The museum was opened in 1969 in Stockbridge, the town where Rockwell lived the last 25 years of his life. Since 1993 the museum is in the current building that was designed by Robert Arthur Morton Stern.

The museum owns 574 original artworks by Rockwell. The museum also owns the Rockwell archives with more than 100.000 items including photographs, fan mail, and business documents.

In 2008, the museum received the National Humanities Medal from the National Endowment for the Humanities.

Series of Rockwell paintings from 1943 called the "Four Freedoms". Rockwell was inspired by the 1941 "Four Freedoms Speech" of American President Franklin Delano Roosevelt.


Freedom of Speech (painting)

Freedom of Speech is a painting of Norman Rockwell and is one of his series of four paintings called the "Four Freedoms". Rockwell was inspired to make these paintings since he heard the "Four Freedoms Speech" of American President Franklin D. Roosevelt of January 6, 1941.

This painting was made public in "The Saturday Evening Post" of February 20, 1943, along with an essay of Booth Tarkington. The other paintings of the "Four Freedoms" series are "Freedom of Worship", "Freedom from Want" and "Freedom from Fear", and were shown in other editions of the paper.

In this painting he shows a local meeting where one person speaks out his own, opposite opinion, while the others present give him the freedom of speech as a matter of protocol. Rockwell undertook four efforts to end up with this painting. He took Vermont neighbors as models for his series.

Rockwell needed four attempts to end up with this version of the painting. In former versions he found that the attention was confused because he had used to many objects. Furthermore he did not like the place of the main person in the picture.

The paintings toured through the United States with the motto "Buy War Bonds". All together 1.2 million Americans saw the paintings and 132 million dollar was collected to be used in World War II.

The painting can be found in the Norman Rockwell Museum in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.


Freedom of Worship (painting)

Freedom of Worship is a painting of Norman Rockwell and is one of his series of four paintings called the "Four Freedoms". Rockwell was inspired to make these paintings since he heard the "Four Freedoms Speech" of American President Franklin D. Roosevelt of January 6, 1941.

This painting was made public in "The Saturday Evening Post" of February 27, 1943, along with an essay of Will Durant. The other paintings of the "Four Freedoms" series are "Freedom of Speech", "Freedom from Want" and "Freedom from Fear", and were shown in other editions of the paper.it is a very good pintor(norman Rockwell)

Rockwell needed various attempts to end up with this version of the painting. Former versions showed a number of customers in a barbershop, all with another religious and racial background. He found it to be difficult to make clear images that showed how a person of a certain religion looks like. He finally chose a neutral location where people of different race worship in their own religion. He took Vermont neighbors as models for his series.

The paintings toured through the United States with the motto "Buy War Bonds". All together 1.2 million Americans saw the paintings and 132 million dollar was collected to be used in World War II.

The painting can be found in the Norman Rockwell Museum in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.


Freedom from Want (Norman Rockwell)

Freedom from Want is a painting by Norman Rockwell and is one of his series of four paintings called the "Four Freedoms". Rockwell was inspired to make these paintings since he heard the "Four Freedoms Speech" of American President Franklin D. Roosevelt of January 6, 1941.

This painting was made public in "The Saturday Evening Post" of March 6, 1943, along with an essay of Carlos Bulosan. The other paintings of the "Four Freedoms" series are "Freedom of Speech", "Freedom of Worship" and "Freedom from Fear", and were shown in other editions of the paper.

The painting shows a classical American family at Thanksgiving when a turkey is served during a meal. He took Vermont neighbors as models for his series.

Rockwell wanted to portray a family within a theme of continuity, virtue, homeliness and abundance without extravagance, as confirmed by water as the modest beverage choice. Outside the United States though, the images was explained as an expression of American overabundance.

There have been made many parodies of the painting. New York painter Frank Moore (1953-2002) made a painting in 1994 with Americans of different human race with the title "Freedom to Share", whilst the turkey plate is full with medicines. Of Moore's painting have been made parodies as well.

Walt Disney has made a well known parody with Mickey and Minnie Mouse and several other Disney figures at the table. Furthermore the image has been used for many advertising goals, political campaigns and picture postcards.

The paintings toured through the United States with the motto "Buy War Bonds". All together 1.2 million Americans saw the paintings and 132 million dollar was collected to be used in World War II.

The painting can be found in the Norman Rockwell Museum in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.


Freedom from Fear (painting)

Freedom from Fear is a painting of Norman Rockwell and is one of his series of four paintings called the "Four Freedoms". Rockwell was inspired to make these paintings since he heard the "Four Freedoms Speech" of American President Franklin D. Roosevelt of January 6, 1941.

This painting was made public in "The Saturday Evening Post" of March 13, 1943, along with an essay of Stephen Vincent Benét. The other paintings of the "Four Freedoms" series are "Freedom of Speech", "Freedom of Worship" and "Freedom from Want", and were shown in other editions of the paper.

The painting portrays children laying in bed, a mother tucking them in and a father watching with a newspaper in his hand, telling the stories of the war with the headlines ""Bombings Kill... Horrors Hit..."". The children are free from fearing these horrors of the war. He took Vermont neighbors as models for his series.

This painting is the only one in the "Four Freedoms" series he had not specially painted for this subject. He first made it to illustrate the Battle of Britain of 1940. He did not want it to be published though, because he distasted the idea that American children were resting safely in their beds as Europe burned.

The paintings toured through the United States with the motto "Buy War Bonds". All together 1.2 million Americans saw the paintings and 132 million dollar was collected to be used in World War II.

The painting can be found in the Norman Rockwell Museum in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.


Frank O. Salisbury

Francis ("Frank") Owen Salisbury (18 December 1874 – 31 August 1962) was an English artist painter and designer of stained glass.

as a son of a plumber and glazier. He learned the art of stained glass in the workshop of his brother in St Albans.

A visit to the London Drawing Academy woke up his interest for painting. He won a scholarship when he was 18 years old and so he was able to study at the Royal Academy of Arts in London from 1892 to 1897. In between he went on a scholarship to Italy where he was impressed by the fresco's of the Renaissance. This trip shaped his taste for pageant scenes.

On the Royal Academy he won several medals. He also returned there several times with expositions.

Salisbury made many murals in buildings, especially in London. He also painted many religious works and illustrations of historical events. He was well known for his portraits, especially of famous people like five British prime ministers, five American presidents and several others like Benito Mussolini when he visited Italy in 1934. His portraits were painted in a traditional style.

Salisbury died on August 31, 1962, in Hampstead, London, when he was 87 years old.





Óscar Romero

Saint Óscar the Romero y Galdámez (15 August 1917 – 24 March 1980) was a bishop of the Catholic Church in El Salvador. He became the fourth Archbishop of San Salvador when he took over Luis Chávez. He was assassinated on 24 March 1980.

Umeå

Umeå is a town in northern Sweden. The town is known for the large number of birch trees. About 116,465 people were living in Umeå Municipality in late 2011.

The town had to recover from a very large fire in 1888.
Umeå is the biggest city in Norrland, the most northern region of Sweden since 1962. The town had about 80,000 people living there in 2010. The town opened a university in 1965. In the last 50 years the number of houses has doubled. About 700 buildings are built every year.

The city was elected European Capital of Culture in 2014. The city is the most norhtern location to have ever been a European city of culture. The city is partnering with a large number of voluntary organisations and the concept of open source

Umeå became a city in 1622. The King of Sweden, Gustavus Adolphus, made the new city for Swedish merchants. He made the merchants to move north so that taxes could be increased. The city was burnt by Russian troops in 1714 and then again in 1720. In 1809 the city was briefly occupied again by the Russian army before peace was agreed. In 1888 the great fire destroyed the homes of over 2,000 people. The fire started in a brewery and destroyed part of the city including the shipyards at Teg and buildings on the island of Ön. Less than 1,000 of the people had a house after the fire. After the fire the town was rebuilt and many new birch trees were planted to stop future fires. The town is known for these trees.

In 1951 the city's library was recognised as important for northern Sweden. The library has a copy of every new book printed in Sweden. In 1962 the city opened its first airport. Umeå has been the biggest city in the most northern region of Sweden since 1962. Before 1962 the largest city was Sundsvall.


Billy Wara

Billy Wara (c. 1920 – November 2008) was an Australian Aboriginal craftsman who made wooden sculptures. He is best known for his sculptures of goannas, made from wood that is native to the central Australian desert. His sculptures were carved by hand and decorated by burning patterns into the wood. He also crafted traditional hunting tools, such as spears and spear-throwers.

Wara was born at Aṟan, in the south-west of the Northern Territory. He and his family were Pitjantjatjara. They lived a traditional nomadic way of life in the bush until Wara was a young man. The first "whitefella" he ever saw was Harold Lasseter, a gold prospector whose story later became an Australian legend. Wara was about 12 years old at the time, and thought Lasseter was a ghost. A portrait of him giving figs to Lasseter features in Winifred Hilliard's book "The People In Between" (1968).

When he was a young man, Wara and his family settled at Ernabella, a Presbyterian mission at the time. He worked building fences, digging wells, and as a shepherd and sheep shearer. Later, he served as an advisor for the Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park on environmental and cultural issues. He began carving wooden sculptures shortly after Maṟuku Arts and Crafts opened in 1984. He originally made his sculptures at Muṯitjulu, in the national park. He later set up an outstation at Umutju, further south, so that he could work closer to his homelands.

Although he crafted other things, Wara was best known for his wooden sculptures ("" in Pitjantjatjara). He carved them by hand and burned designs into them with a hot wire stick (this is called pyrography). His sculptures are of the perentie lizard, a type of goanna from central Australia which is also Wara's totem.

His depictions of the perentie are taken from his , a set of beliefs about his spiritual ancestor, the and their activities which shaped the land and its people during the Dreamtime. The forms his family's sacred law, and the law associated with Wara's place of birth, Aṟan. Most of the knowledge of is restricted to its senior custodians. Wara tells that fled from the east with a stolen grindstone hidden in his tail. The men chasing after him caught up with him at Aṟan and searched his stomach for the stone, but could not find it.

Wara's work has been shown in several exhibitions, both in Australia and other countries. His sculptures are held in the Powerhouse Museum, the Museum of Victoria, the National Gallery of Australia, and the National Museum of Australia. It is also part of the National Museum of Ethnology in Japan, and the Kelton Foundation in the United States.

Jämsä

Jämsä (in the local dialect, "Jämpsä") is a town and municipality in Central Finland. It is 223 km from Helsinki, and 58 km from Jyväskylä. There were about 22,125 people living there in January 2014. Jämsä municipality was established in 1866. It is next to the municipalities of Juupajoki, Jyväskylä, Keuruu, Kuhmoinen, Luhanka, Mänttä-Vilppula, Orivesi and Petäjävesi. Isojärvi National Park, a popular hiking place, is near to Jämsä.

The former municipality of Kuorevesi was merged with Jämsä in 2001. The former municipality of Längelmäki was partly merged with Jämsä in 2007. The former municipality of Jämsänkoski was merged with Jämsä in 2009.


Kiyoshi Muranaga

Kiyoshi K. Muranaga (February 16, 1922-June 26, 1944) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Muranaga was born in California to Japanese immigrant parents. He is a "Nisei", which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American.

He was interned with his family at the Granada War Relocation Center in Colorado.

Muranaga joined the US Army in May 1943.

Muranaga volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 442nd Regimental Combat Team. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in June 1944, Muranaga was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Muranaga's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, his family was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive. Without help from others, he engaged an artillery gun using a mortar.

Muranaga's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in central Italy in 1944.

On June 26, 1944, Muranaga was in charge of shooting his squad's mortar weapon. He was trying to destroy an enemy artillery gun. Muranaga was able to fire three shells before being killed.

The words of Muranaga's citation explain:
Private First Class Kiyoshi K. Muranaga distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 26 June 1944, near Suvereto, Italy. Private First Class Muranaga's company encountered a strong enemy force in commanding positions and with superior firepower. An enemy 88mm self-propelled gun opened direct fire on the company, causing the men to disperse and seek cover. Private First Class Muranaga's mortar squad was ordered to action, but the terrain made it impossible to set up their weapons. The squad leader, realizing the vulnerability of the mortar position, moved his men away from the gun to positions of relative safety. Because of the heavy casualties being inflicted on his company, Private First Class Muranaga, who was a gunner, attempted to neutralize the 88mm weapon alone. Voluntarily remaining at his gun position, Private First Class Muranaga manned the mortar himself and opened fire on the enemy gun at a range of approximately 400 yards. With his third round, he was able to correct his fire so that the shell landed directly in front of the enemy gun. Meanwhile, the enemy crew, immediately aware of the source of mortar fire, turned their 88mm weapon directly on Private First Class Muranaga's position. Before Private First Class Muranaga could fire a fourth round, an 88mm shell scored a direct hit on his position, killing him instantly. Because of the accuracy of Private First Class Muranaga's previous fire, the enemy soldiers decided not to risk further exposure and immediately abandoned their position. Private First Class Muranaga's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.



Audio feedback

Audio feedback is typically unwanted noise that occurs when an audio system oscillates. It often happens when microphones are pointed at loudspeakers. There are ways to avoid or reduce feedback, such as with equalization or reducing the room's echo.

Werner Leich

Werner Leich (born January 31, 1927 in Mühlhausen) is a Protestant clergyman. From 1978 to 1992 he was the bishop of the Evangelical Church in Thuringia, for the greater part during the era of the German Democratic Republic.

From 1942 to 1945 Leich was a voluntary member of the German Luftwaffe with the rank of Fahnenjunker. He volunteered to ""battle for the salvation of Germany"". After World War II he finished his school and from 1947 he started studying theology at the University of Marburg and Heidelberg University.

In 1951 he started his career as a clergyman. A year later he married Trautel, with whom he has a son and daughter. Since 1960 he was a member of the Synod of the Evangelical Church. He was vice-president of the synod from 1967 to 1978 and bishop of the state of Thuringia from 1978 to 1992. In that year he retired.

During a lot of his career, he had to deal with being able to worship God in an environment of anti-religious communism. He described it as "a lot of times we did hide being Christians".


Eohippus

Eohippus is small fossil proto-horse. It is an extinct genus of small equid ungulates. The only species is "E. angustidens", which was long considered a species of "Hyracotherium". Its remains have been found in North America and date to the early Eocene (4856 million years ago).

Much of the evolution of the horse took place in North America. That is where horses originated, but became extinct there about 10,000 years ago.

Emiel van Lennep

Emile (Emiel) van Lennep was a Dutch official ("treasurer general"), diplomat and Minister of State.

Van Lennep was born in Amsterdam on 20 January 1915, as a son of Louis Henri van Lennep and Catharina Hildegonda Enschede. He studied law from 1932 to 1937 at the Municipal University of Amsterdam.
From 1951 to 1969 he was the highest official of the Dutch Ministry of Finance. From 1969 to 1984 he was secretary general of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). At the OECD Van Lennep is remembered for making the organization a more effective forum for international cooperation. In the seventies he was named several times to be a candidate for a post in the government of the Netherlands, but he did not want to be a politician. After his career at the OECD he was appointed to be Minister of State from 1986 until his death in 1996.

He was married with met Alexa Labberton and they had two sons and two daughters. In 1990 he was rewarded with a Four Freedoms Award in the category "freedom from want". Van Lennep died on October 2, 1996, when he was 81 years old.


Tubuai

Tubuai is the name for a group of islands in the Pacific. The island of Tubuai is about 640 km south of Tahiti. It is part of the Austral Islands, which belong to French Polynesia. Slightly over 2.000 people live on an area of about 45 square kilometers. James Cook discovered the island in 1777, but saw no reason to land there. The natives looked hostile. Fletcher Christian landed there in 1789. They founded Fort George on the island, but soon left, because of troubles with the natives.

Christ's College, Cambridge

Christ's College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was built in 1347 with the name "God House". Then in 1505 Lady Margaret Beaufort, the mother of King Henry VII, gave some money to make the college much bigger. She also changed the name to Christ's College. 

Christ's College has about 600 students. It has a tradition to do very well in the exams: it was the best college in the 20 years period from 1980 to 2000.

Some very famous people have studied here, for example Charles Darwin and John Milton.


National Geographic Bee

The National Geographic GeoBee (called the National Geography Bee from 1989 to 2000 and the National Geographic Bee from 2001 to 2018, also referred to as the Nat Geo Bee) is an annual geography contest sponsored by the National Geographic Society. It takes place every year in the United States.


Science Daily

Science Daily is a news website. It publishes articles about new science and technology discoveries.


Limbdi

Limbdi is a city in Surendranagar district in India. It is in the state of Gujarat.

Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Center

The Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Center () is an Exhibition Center and Museum on People's Square in Shanghai, China. It is dedicated to the history of the architecture and urban planning of Shanghai. The center also introduced exhibitions in Expo 2010.


Shchusev State Museum of Architecture

The Shchusev State Museum of Architecture is a museum in Moscow, Russia. The museum is dedicated to architecture and urban planning in Russia. It is the largest architecture museum in Russia. It includes an archive, library, and study center. The museum was opened in 1934. It is named for Soviet architect Alexey Shchusev.


Cable cars in Haifa

Cable cars in Haifa go from Mount Carmel to the Mediterranean coast. In 2007, the City Hall of Haifa decided to extend the line to the University of Haifa and open a new cable car line named Rakavlit from Mount Carmel to Haifa Bay. The new projects involved building a new central bus station and new bus routes across the city. The Rakavlit cable car line, opened on 8 March 2022, running from sea level up to an altitude of , with four intermediate stops.



Earl Scruggs

Earl Eugene Scruggs (January 6, 1924 – March 28, 2012) was an American musician. He was known for playing a banjo in bluegrass. Playing the banjo in bluegrass is now known as "Scruggs Style". He is known for his songs such as "Dueling Banjos", "Foggy Mountain Breakdown", "Earl's Breakdown", "The Swimming Song", and in "Fireball Mail". He won four Grammy Awards.

Scruggs was born on January 6, 1924 in Flint Hill, North Carolina. He was raised in Shelby, North Carolina. Scruggs was married to Louise Certain from 1948 until her death in 2006. They had two sons. Scruggs died on March 28, 2012 in Nashville, Tennessee from natural causes, aged 88.


Jenni Rivera

Jenni Rivera (Jenni Dolores Rivera Saavedra), July 12, 1969 – December 9, 2012) was an Mexican-American singer who is known for her spanish albums such as "La Gran Señora", "Jenni", "Parrandera", "Rebelde Y Atrevida", "Joyas Prestadas" She was nominated for four Latin Grammys.

Rivera was born on July 2, 1969, in Long Beach, California Her parents were Mexican immigrants. She was raised in Long Beach California. 

Rivera married José Trinidad Marín from 1984 until they divorced in 1992. After this, she married Juan López from 1997 until 2003. Finally, she married Esteban Loaiza in 2010 and they separated in 2012. They filed for divorce, but the divorce was not finalized due to her death. Rivera had three children with Marín and had two children with López.

On December 9, 2012, a plane that Rivera was flying in lost contact to air traffic control off the coast of Monterrey, Mexico. Mexican authorities confirmed that Rivera and four other people that were on the plane were dead.


Elisabeth Murdoch

Dame Elisabeth Joy Murdoch (née Elisabeth Joy Greene, 8 February 1909 – 5 December 2012) was an Australian philanthropist. She was the widow of Keith Murdoch and the mother of Rupert Murdoch. 

She became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1963 for her charity work in Australia and overseas.

Murdoch was born on 8 February 1909 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. She studied at St Catherine's School and at the Clyde School. 

Murdoch was married to Keith Murdoch from 1928 until his death in 1952. They had four children, the eldest of whom died before her. Murdoch died on 5 December 2012 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia from natural causes, aged 103. 


Hole (band)

Hole was an American rock band. The band started in 1989 in Los Angeles, California and ended in 2002. In 2009, the band got back together with new members but broke up in 2012. The last members of the band were singer Courtney Love, guitarist Micko Larkin, bassist Shawn Dailey and drummer Scott Lipps.

Hole released four studio albums. The band's first album, "Pretty on the Inside", was released in 1991 but was not very successful. After the album was released, the band's members changed but Love and Eric Erlandson, the original guitarist, stayed with the band. When Kristen Pfaff and Patty Schemel joined the band, Hole released their second album, "Live Through This", in 1994. The album was very successful and entered the "Billboard" music chart. The band changed their members again in 1998 and Melissa Auf der Maur and Samantha Maloney joined the band. Hole released "Celebrity Skin" in 1998 and it is their most popular album. The band tried to make another album but broke up in 2002.

In 2009, Courtney Love started Hole again with new members. Some of the old members of Hole did not agree with this and there were legal issues with the band's name. Later, the old members allowed Love to use the name. In 2010, the band released its next album "Nobody's Daughter" but the album was not successful. After touring around the world, the band broke up in 2012 because Love wanted to work on her solo career.

In 2014 Courtney Love, Eric Erlandson, Melissa Auf Der Maur, and Patty Schemel started playing together again.

Hole began in summer 1989 in Los Angeles, California. Courtney Love put an advertisement in a magazine called "The Recycler" and said she wanted to start a band. In the ad, she said her favorite bands were Big Black, Sonic Youth and Fleetwood Mac. Eric Erlandson phoned Love when he saw the advertisement and the band began rehearsing in August. Love became the singer and second guitarist and Erlandson became the lead guitarist. Love and Erlandson got Love's friend Lisa Roberts to become the bassist for Hole and found a drummer called Caroline Rue at another punk rock show. The band had two other guitar players, Mike Geisbrecht and Errol Stewart, but both of them left the band soon after. The band played their first show in September at Raji's, a small club in Hollywood, and played three more shows in California in 1989.

After a lot of shows on the West Coast, Hole signed to the indie record label Sympathy for the Record Industry in 1990. In April 1990, Hole released their first single, "Retard Girl." The single was not popular but was played on the radio in the United States and the United Kingdom: on KROQ-FM in Los Angeles and BBC Radio 1 in London. During a tour in March 1991, the band released a second single, "Dicknail", on Sub Pop, the grunge label in Seattle, Washington and then released their first album "Pretty on the Inside" in August. The album was produced by Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth and Sonic Youth's early music influenced the album. Hole switched record labels again and they chose to be on Caroline Records. "Pretty on the Inside" was very successful in the United Kingdom. In the UK Albums Chart, it went to number 59 and the single "Teenage Whore" went to number 1 on the UK Indie Chart. During the tour of Europe to support the album's release, Courtney Love started a relationship with Kurt Cobain of Nirvana. In February 1992, the couple got married in Hawaii. Just before they got married, Jill Emery and Caroline Rue left the band because they wanted to play different styles of music. Hole then signed a major label recording contract with DGC and Geffen Records. The record deal was worth over $3 million.

In 1993, Hole released a new single "Beautiful Son." Patty Schemel was the new drummer for the band and played on all of the songs. Before the band went on tour, they got Kristen Pfaff as a new bassist. The band then took a small break in July to work on new songs for their next album.

In 1993, Hole moved to Carnation, Washington to write songs for their next album. In October, the band went to Marietta, Georgia and began recording the album. The recording was finished in a month and was produced by Paul Q. Kolderie and Sean Slade. The album was called "Live Through This" and was released on April 12, 1994. Four days before it was released, Courtney Love's husband was found dead in Seattle. He had killed himself and all of the band members did not want to go on tour. In June, Kristen Pfaff died after a drug overdose and the band had to cancel more shows. Hole got Melissa Auf der Maur as a new bassist before the tour for "Live Through This".

"Live Through This" was very popular. The music critics gave the album very good ratings and the album went to number 52 on the "Billboard" music chart and number 13 in the UK Albums Chart. It also went onto the charts in Australia, Belgium, Germany, the Netherlands and Sweden. "Miss World", "Doll Parts", "Violet" and "Softer, Softest" were released as singles and were played a lot on American modern rock radio. The music videos for the songs were played a lot on MTV as well. The album went platinum in Australia, Canada and the United States, and sold over two million copies around the world. The tours for the album were very dramatic—Courtney Love smashed guitars onstage and people at concerts threw gun shells onstage, reminding her about the death of her husband.

Hole's band members went to work on different projects in 1996. Love began acting again and got a lead role in "The People vs. Larry Flynt" and the other members worked with other musicians. In 1998, Hole released "Celebrity Skin". The album had a different sound to the band's two other albums and was influenced by powerpop music. During the album's recording sessions, Patty Schemel was replaced by a different drummer and later left the band. She was replaced by Samantha Maloney for the "Celebrity Skin" tour.

"Celebrity Skin" was successful and the title song reached number 1 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart, making it Hole's most popular single. The album went to number 9 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 11 on the UK Albums Chart. Music critics called the album "sprung, flung and fun, high-impact, rock-fueled pop." Two mores singles were taken from "Celebrity Skin", "Malibu" and "Awful", and both went into the charts. The album has sold more than 1.4 million copies in the United States and has gone platinum in the U.S and Canada, and double platinum in Australia.

In October 1999, Melissa Auf der Maur left Hole and went on be a touring bassist for The Smashing Pumpkins. Samantha Maloney quit to become a tour drummer for Mötley Crüe soon after. Love and Erlandson were the only members left in the band. The band's last release was a single for the 1999 film "Any Given Sunday" called "Be a Man." It was released as a single in March 2000 but failed to make it into the charts. Hole tried to record a fourth album but broke up in May 2002. Talking about the break-up, Love said "Eric has been an important part of my family for over ten years and he'll continue to be a part of my life" and Erlandson said "we're incredibly proud of the music we've made together, but it seems like time for both of us to move on."

Music magazine "NME" announced in June 2009 that Courtney Love was reforming Hole with new members. Love said that Melissa Auf der Maur would come back as a bassist and Micko Larkin was the band's new guitarist. A small tour of Europe was planned with shows in London, Milan and Amsterdam but Auf der Maur said that she was not involved in the reunion. Original guitarist Eric Erlandson also said that no reunion could happen because he and Love had a contract when the band broke up in 2002. Love and Erlandson tried to settle the dispute but did not come to an agreement.

Even though there were legal problems, Hole released "Nobody's Daughter" in April 2010. The album included two new members, bassist Shawn Dailey and drummer Stu Fisher, and had three singles singles—"Skinny Little Bitch", "Pacific Coast Highway" and "Letter to God." Music critics did not give the album good reviews and it did not sell well. It reached number 15 on the "Billboard" 200 chart but quickly fell off the chart. The band went on a worldwide tour after the release of "Nobody's Daughter". A music video for "Samantha", a song from the album, was released in May 2011.

Love, Erlandson, Auf der Maur and Patty Schemel went to the premiere of Schemel's film "Hit So Hard: The Life and Near-Death Story of Patty Schemel" at the Museum of Modern Art in New York on March 28, 2011. After the film, Schemel said she wanted Hole to record again but Love said "if it's not moving forward, I don't want to do it." The four members reunited again at the Public Assembly in New York on April 13, 2012. The band performed two songs—"Miss World" and "Over the Edge"—and was the first time the four members were together live since 1995.

In a Twitter post for her clothing line, Never the Bride, on November 29, 2010, Courtney Love announced that Hole had broken up. She said "from now on [the band is called Courtney]" and "Hole is dead." During an interview with "Rolling Stone", Love said she was continuing as a solo artist and was releasing a new single, "This is War", in February 2013.



Churchill College, Cambridge

Churchill College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. In 1958 a group of people was formed to get money to build a new college. This group had Winston Churchill as leader, so the college was named after him. It opened in 1960. Churchill College has more than 700 students, one of the biggest. Many of them study a science subject.

Churchill College was the first college in Cambridge to allow female students. This happened in 1972. 


Statler and Waldorf

Statler and Waldorf are a pair of Muppet characters. They are two grumpy old men who fight and laugh at mean things on their balcony. They both appeared in all "The Muppet Show" episodes except for one in which Statler did not appear because he was sick, so Waldorf appeared with his wife who looks like Statler in a dress. Statler and Walldorf are named after two important hotels in New York City. They are mostly known for appearing as Marley and Marley in "The Muppet Christmas Carol". 

Statler is an old man who wears a black and blue suit. Waldorf has a mustache and wears a brown suit. Statler was originally performed by Jerry Nelson and Richard Hunt, and now is performed by Steve Whitmire. Waldorf was originally performed by Jim Henson and is now performed by Dave Goelz. 

The Muppet Christmas Carol

The Muppet Christmas Carol is a 1992 American musical-comedy movie based on Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol". This was the first movie made after Jim Henson died.

The musical movie features the Muppets and Michael Caine as Ebenezer Scrooge. The songs were written by Paul Williams. Kermit the Frog starred as Bob Cratchit, Miss Piggy as Mrs. Cratchit, Gonzo the Great as Charles Dickens, Fozzie Bear as Fozziwig, Rizzo the Rat as himself, and Statler and Waldorf as Robert Marley and Jacob Marley.

Nurjol Boulevard

Nurzhol Boulevard (, formerly known as "сулы-нулы бульвар" Green Water Boulevard) is the national boulevard of Nur-Sultan, Kazakhstan. The boulevard is a pedestrian area. It is in the new business and administrative centre of Nur-Sultan. It runs from the President's residence Ak Orda to the Khan Shatyr Entertainment Centre. The Bayterek is in Nurzhol boulevard. It is one of Nur-Sultans best-known buildings. 


Jerusalem City Hall

Jerusalem City Hall is a building complex housing the city hall of Jerusalem. It is in Safra Square. The complex was built beside the old city hall on a corner of Jaffa Street between the Old City and the Russian Compound. In 1950, The Israeli municipal government in Jerusalem decided to build a new building for the city hall. After many proposed architectural plans, the final plan was decided on in 1986. Construction began in 1988, and a ceremony for the establishment of the new municipality was done in the old city hall. In 1993, the new municipal complex was opened by mayor Teddy Kollek and heads of state.

Clare College, Cambridge

Clare College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It opened in 1326, so it is the second oldest. Its first name was University Hall but it was changed to Clare Hall in 1338. This was because Elizabeth de Clare, granddaughter of Edward I, gave money to the college. In 1856 it changed name again to its current one.

The college building is next to King's College. It goes across the river Cam with a famous bridge which has fourteen spherical stones on it. One of the stones is missing a bit: there are many legends used to explain this fact. The bridge is the oldest on the river. Across the bridge there is a big and beautiful garden, which is usually only open to the Fellows (university teachers).

Very important people have studied here, like David Attenborough, Andrew Wiles, Charles Cornwallis and Thomas Pelham-Holles.


1972 United States presidential election

The 1972 United States presidential election happened on November 7, 1972. President Richard Nixon was reelected to a second term. He defeated the Democratic candidate, Senator George McGovern of South Dakota. Nixon won the election by a landslide (winning 49 of 50 states) and got 520 electoral votes. McGovern got 17 electoral votes. John Hospers got one electoral vote by a Virginia faithless elector.

This was the highest of any Republican nominee as a vote, as well as a highest electoral vote in a United States election until Ronald Reagan was re-elected in 1984 by a huge landslide.

George Wallace, governor of Alabama was shot by a would-be assassin during the election.

George McGovern's running mate changed from Thomas Eagleton to Sargent Shriver because of revelations about Eagleton's previous psychiatric problems.

This election occurred during the Watergate scandal, which ultimately caused Nixon to resign in 1974.
15 people declared their candidacy for the Democratic Party nomination. They were:


The McGuire Sisters

The McGuire Sisters were a group of three American girls originally from Ohio: Christine, Dorothy and Phyllis McGuire. This trio began around 1952 and went on until 1968, during which time the group had many popular hit songs, "Sincerely" and "Sugartime", the earlier of which was in 1954 and the latter during 1958. The group were sometimes compared to the Andrews Sisters due to their sometimes similar singing style and behavior.

The group was composed of three sisters: 


Hasmonean dynasty

The Hasmonean dynasty was a family that led the Hasmoneans led the Maccabean Revolt and transformed Judah from a Seleucid possession that was becoming more Greek-like into an independent, Jewish nation-state. The Hasmoneans expanded Judah through conquest.

After the Salome Alexandra's death in 67 B.C., Salome's sons Hyrcanus II, who was backed by Antipater (the father of Herod the Great), and Aristobulus II fought for control of the Judah. The Roman Pompey entered the conflict on Hyrcanus' side. Aristobulus surrendered to the Romans and was sent to Rome, where he was later murdered.

