In 40 B.C., the Parthian Empire and Aristobulus' son Antigonus II invaded Judah and captured Hyrcanus. The Romans then proclaimed Antipater's son Herod king of Judea. The Romans defeated the Parthians and captured and killed Antigonus, the last ruler of the Hasmonean dynasty.

Rizzo the Rat

Rizzo the Rat is a Muppet, who was voiced by Steve Whitmire. He was first in "The Muppet Show". He is known for being in a double act with Gonzo the Great. Rizzo is a rat with a New Jersey accent. 


Penola Catholic College

Penola Catholic College is a regional Catholic secondary college in the north-western region of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The college is co-educational, and teaches years 9 to 12 (students aged roughly 15 to 18). The school follows the Josephite tradition (love, understanding and acceptance of others). 

Penola Catholic College was established in 1995 and is set on 27 acres over two campuses. Three former schools were combined into two campuses, Sancta Sophia College at Glenroy and Therry and Geoghegan Colleges at Broadmeadows. The College name, Penola Catholic College, was chosen for the strong connection between Broadmeadows campus with Saint Mary MacKillop Sisters of St Joseph who established a foundling home on the site in 1901. Mary MacKillop opened her first school in 1866 in the small town of Penola, in the southeastern part of South Australia. Together with Fr Julian Tenison Woods, Mary MacKillop founded the order of the Sisters of St Joseph of the Sacred Heart. From 1901 until the late 1980s, the Sisters of St Joseph ministered to the local community and lived on this site.

The tree trunk on the emblem represents the cross and points to the life of Christ and is a model for the members of Penola Catholic College. The three Colleges from which Penola Catholic College has sprung is represented by the three leaves. The three leaves also symbolize the spiritual, physical and intellectual growth potential of members of the College. The tree also reminds us of the Penola, or the native aboriginal origin. The name Penola gives a unifying feeling of security, protection and care for its members.

The Association of Canonical Administrators of Penola Catholic College is governed and conducted by the Parish Priests of the Member Parishes.
The current members of the College Board are as follows:

The grounds and facilities on both campuses have undergone significant transformations since the college was established in 1995.
The College will continue to guide this development in the years ahead using the Building Master Plan they have in place. A Performing Arts Centre, Digital Language Laboratory and Hospitality Centre on the Broadmeadows Campus are just a few recent additions to the College. There are also refurbished classrooms and outdoor sporting facilities. The Glenroy campus is undergoing a refurbishing program including a new outdoor recreation facility that was constructed recently. The Broadmeadows site has many historical buildings including the original homestead “Kerrsland” that was constructed in 1880. There are some buildings that still stand from St. Joseph’s Babies Home including the magnificent St. Joseph’s Chapel completed in 1924.

The college has what is known as a House Group System. Students are divided into six House Groups. They compete for House points in debate, sports and other extra-curricular activities. The six House Groups are:

Greedy algorithm

A greedy algorithm is an algorithm used in solving optimization problems. Greedy algorithms select the best result at each iteration. The global optimum is obtained by repeatedly selecting the local optimum.


There are some problems where greedy algorithms do not produce the best possible solution. In such cases, they often produce the worst possible one. Again look at the coin-changing example above, and imagine that there are coins for 25 cent, 10 cent and 4 cent. Now imagine that the sum of 41 cent needs to be changed. A greedy algorithm would pick 25 cent, 10 cent, and 4 cent, for a total of 39 cent. The algorithm is then stuck, because the remaining 2 cent cannot be changed. One possible way of solving the is to use the 25 cent coin, and four coins of 4 cent. 

1968 United States presidential election

The 1968 United States presidential election happened on November 5, 1968. Richard Nixon, the Republican candidate and former vice president of the United States, won the election. He defeated the incumbent vice president, Hubert Humphrey, the Incumbent Vice President and a Democrat, and George Wallace, the Governor of Alabama, who ran as a member of the American Independent Party

Incumbent United States President Lyndon B. Johnson was able to run, but decided against it. On March 31, 1968, Johnson withdrew his nomination and he said, "I shall not seek, and I will not accept, the nomination of my party for another term as your President". 

The incumbent Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy, brother of former United States President John F. Kennedy was a serious presidential candidate before his assassination on June 5, 1968 by Sirhan Sirhan in Los Angeles after winning the California and South Dakota primaries for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States.

Richard Nixon won the election by 301 electoral votes. Hubert Humphrey got 191 electoral votes. George Wallace received 46 electoral votes and a faithless elector in North Carolina voted Wallace and running mate Curtis LeMay.

Humphrey did not win the south because he was very liberal and favored civil rights. The only southern state he won was Texas (which he won narrowly).


American Independent Party

American Independent Party is a right-wing political party of the United States founded in California in 1967 by Bill and Eileen Shearer. It is most notable for George Wallace running in the 1968 US Election. That year, it was made up of Democrats opposed to the ending of racial segregation and was most successful in Southern states (Wallace was governor of the Southern state of Alabama).

Over time, the party became closer to the conservative movement and it renounced its policy against racial equality. Today, the party still exists but many of its members have left: most of the earlier members returned to the Democratic Party after the 1969 election and its later members have moved to the Constitution Party. The AIP has endorsed the Constitution Party nominee for President in recent years.

In 1967, the AIP was founded by Bill Shearer and his wife, Eileen Knowland Shearer. It nominated George C. Wallace (Democrat) as its presidential candidate and retired U.S. Air Force General Curtis E. LeMay as the vice-presidential candidate. Wallace ran on every state ballot in the election, though he did not represent the American Independent Party in all fifty states: in Connecticut, for instance, he was listed on the ballot as the nominee of the "George Wallace Party." The Wallace/LeMay ticket received 13.5 percent of the popular vote and 46 electoral votes from the states of Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Georgia, and Alabama. No third-party candidate has won more than one electoral vote since the 1968 election.

Since the fracture of the American Independent Party between the King and Noonan factions, control of the State Party, and thus the ballot line, has been in the hands of the Noonan faction. Attempts to nominate Chuck Baldwin (the 2008 Constitution nominee) or Virgil Goode (the 2012 Constitution nominee) were unsuccessful, as were their independent efforts to make it onto the California presidential ballot.

Zen at War

Zen at War is a 1997 book by Brian Daizen Victoria. It reveals the close involvement of Zen Buddhist teachers with Japanese militarism from the Meiji period until WWII.


Sunda clouded leopard

The Sunda clouded leopard ("Neofelis diardi"), or Bornean clouded leopard, is found on Sumatra and Borneo. It is a genetically distinct species, related to the Clouded leopard. It has now been filmed.

The Sunda clouded leopard is the largest cat in Borneo, weighing around 12 to 25 kg (26 to 55 lb). The canine teeth are two inches long, which, in proportion, are longer than other living felines. Its tail, which may be as long as its body, helps it balance when running and jumping.

In Borneo, they occur in lowland rainforest. In Sumatra, they appear to live more in hilly, montane areas. It is not known if there are still Sunda clouded leopards on the small Batu islands close to Sumatra.

In December 2006, the genus Neofelis was reclassified into two distinct species:
The Sunda clouded leopard in each island is different enough to be a separate subspecies.

Dynamic programming

Dynamic programming is a method of solving problems, which is used in computer science, mathematics and economics. Using this method, a complex problem is split into simpler problems, which are then solved. At the end, the solutions of the simpler problems are used to find the solution of the original complex problem. 

Dynamic programming can be used in cases where it is possible to split a problem into smaller problems, which are all quite similar. 

Richard Bellman, a US mathematician, first used the term in the 1940s when he wanted to solve problems in the field of Control theory. He also stated what is now known as :

Karjala

Karjala is Finnish brand of beer. Sortavalan Panimo made the beer from 1932 to 1944. In 1948, it started to be made again. It is most popular in Finland.



Infrasound

Infrasound is a type of sound with a frequency lower than humans can hear. This frequency is lower than 20 hertz. When the frequency is lower but the volume is loud enough, humans can feel the vibrations but cannot hear the infrasound. Younger people have the ability to hear lower and higher frequencies. Some animals including whales and elephants can communicate long distances by infrasound.


Gorgias (Plato)

Gorgias is a book of dialogue by Plato, written about the nature of rhetoric, virtue and justice.

The book is created by dialogues among persons as follow;

In the preliminary discussion, Socrates and Gorgias agree that "persuasion is the chief end (goal) of rhetoric".

Socrates gets Gorgias to agree that there is a difference between belief and knowledge. A belief can be true or false, but there is no such thing as false knowledge (the word implies its correctness). The critical point in the dialogue is now reached:

"Socrates": Shall we then assume two sorts of persuasion, one which is the source of belief without knowledge, as the other is of knowledge?

"Gorgias": By all means.

"Socrates": And which sort of persuasion does rhetoric create in courts of law and other assemblies... the sort of persuasion which gives belief without knowledge, or that which gives knowledge?

"Gorgias": Clearly, Socrates, that which only gives belief.

"Socrates": Then rhetoric, as would appear, is the artificer of a persuasion which creates belief about the just and unjust, but gives no instruction about them?

A bit later, the dialogue changes direction:

"Polus": I will ask; and do you answer me, Socrates, the same question which Gorgias, as you suppose, is unable to answer: What is rhetoric?

"Socrates": I should say a sort of experience.

"Socrates": An experience in producing a sort of delight and gratification, Polus.

"Polus": Then are cookery and rhetoric the same?

"Socrates": No, they are only different parts of the same profession.

The dialogue continues. Socrates drives it towards a contrast between true knowledge produced by the art of philosophy, and the practical tricks of rhetoric. Rhetoric is pleasing and effective, but not an art, and is closer to flattery. 

Socrates says that virtue is more important than rhetoric. Rhetoric should depend on philosophy. Philosophy is an art, but rhetoric is just a skill.
So what started as an academic discussion ends as a very direct attack on the way law and politics were done in Athens.


Full-range speaker

Full-range speaker is a type of loudspeaker that can be used to play sound at all or almost all frequencies that humans are able to hear. The frequency range can be anywhere from 55 to 17500 Hertz. The benefit is that all sound comes from the same point besides multi-way speakers. Also, audio crossover can be more simple. 

Concert band

A concert band is an ensemble for playing instruments using wind. The main constituents are
woodwind instrument family, brass instrument family and percussion instrument family. Sometimes, members of the string instrument family such as the cello and the double bass can be included.

There are many other names for a concert band like wind band, symphonic band, symphonic winds, wind orchestra, wind symphony, wind ensemble, and symphonic wind ensemble. Many people confuse the concert band with brass band or marching band. The differences between them come from the orchestration (how the music is written for the different parts).

The songs written for the concert band are much more easy to listen because of its repertoires. The repertoires are not only about the orchestral composition. Light music, jazz, march and popular tunes are also played. Even though people don't have special knowledge about it, anyone can enjoy the concert band music. It is highly acclaimed for both its quality and popularity. As the arrangement of concert band music is completed in the 20th century, its modern and dynamic style appeals general public. Plus, many conductors conduct concert bands because they are attracted by its unique orchestration.

A concert band can be divided into four groups; Professional bands, Military bands, School bands, and Community bands. Except for the professional bands, others are named for the location where the performers play.
Performers playing in professional bands for pay consider the band performance as their job. There are many professional bands in the world, such as Tokyo Kosei Wind Orchestra and Dallas Wind Symphony.

A concert band in the military is called a military band. Because the repertoires are dynamic and active, concert bands usually perform in the army. Not only the military bands but also marching bands with brass often used for marching there.
School bands refer to the groups consisting student players in school. In elementary, middle, high school and university, there are many students playing wind instruments for a concert or event. People included here also can be divided into two groups. Playing them as their hobbies or studying them as their majors.

A community band is a community-based ensemble. It is sponsored by a town or city. Some members might be professional players but the others may not be.

A wind instrument's sound is produced by the vibration of a reed in the mouthpiece, like in a bassoon, clarinet, oboe, or saxophone, or by passing air over the mouthpiece, as a flute.

A brass instrument is defined as an “aerophone,” which means it is an instrument where the musician must blow air into the instrument. The musician produces the tone by buzzing their lips into what is generally a cup-shaped mouthpiece. It doesn’t mean that the instrument is necessarily made of brass, since some instruments that are made of other metals like wood, horn, or even animal bone are included in the family of brass instruments. Other instruments that are made of brass or metals such as the flute or saxophone are not brass instruments.

A percussion instrument is an instrument, such as a drum, xylophone, piano, or marimba, in which sound is produced by one object striking another or by being scraped or shaken.



Masato Nakae

Masato Nakae (December 20, 1917-September 4, 1998) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Nakae was born in Hawaii to Japanese immigrant parents. He is a "Nisei", which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American.

Two months after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Nakae joined the US Army in February 1942.

Nakae volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 100th Infantry Battalion. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in August 1944, Nakae was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Nakae's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, his family was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Nakae's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in northern Italy in 1944. He held off an enemy attack and continued to fight after being wounded.

The words of Nakae's citation explain:

Private Masato Nakae distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on August 19, 1944, near Pisa, Italy. When his submachine gun was damaged by a shell fragment during a fierce attack by a superior enemy force, Private Nakae quickly picked up his wounded comrade’s M-1 rifle and fired rifle grenades at the steadily advancing enemy. As the hostile force continued to close in on his position, Private Nakae threw six grenades and forced them to withdraw. During a concentrated enemy mortar barrage that preceded the next assault by the enemy force, a mortar shell fragment seriously wounded Private Nakae. Despite his injury, he refused to surrender his position and continued firing at the advancing enemy. By inflicting heavy casualties on the enemy force, he finally succeeded in breaking up the attack and caused the enemy to withdraw. Private Nakae’s extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.


Maeshowe

Maeshowe, also known as Orkhaugr, a burial mound in Orkney, Scotland, with underground passage graves. It was built during the Neolithic period, about 3000 years ago. It has been included in the World Heritage Site, Heart of Neolithic Orkney.

The mound used to be taller, with a depression in the top, looking like a small volcano. It measured 11 meters in height and had a diameter of 30 meters. This was changed in 1861 when the mound was dug into by archaeologist James Farrer.

It was built on a raised level area and surrounded by a ditch and a raised bank. It may have been built on top of an earlier structure. Research shows that the ditch used to be filled with water, and there was a large stone circle around the mound. The grave itself is a long narrow entrance opening into a large chamber. There are three smaller rooms which open into the main chamber. It has been built to line up with the sun at the Winter Solstice.

Maeshowe had been dug up in the 12th century by the Vikings. It has many Norse carvings on the rocks.

Clare Hall, Cambridge

Clare Hall is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was built in 1966. It has about 145 postgraduate students (students that already have a degree). It allows both men and women but no undergraduate students. It is one of the smallest colleges but has 125 Fellows (teachers), making the ratio fellows/students very high. 

The college was built by Clare College to make it easier for people who are not students anymore to come back to university and do further education. This is why the college has many facilities for families and for sports.


Corpus Christi College, Cambridge

Corpus Christi College (full name:The College of Corpus Christi and the Blessed Virgin Mary) is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was built in 1352 and is special because it was created by local people living in Cambridge, not by royals or nobles as most of the other colleges. It is one of the smallest colleges with about 450 students.

Corpus Christi College has the oldest court in Europe, Old Court, finished in 1356. The New Court, that also has the chapel (small church), was built in 1827. On the corner of the student's library there is the Corpus Clock, a clock made of gold which has a very complicated mechanism. The clock is visible on the main street of Cambridge, King's Parade. The college has another library, the "Parker library", that has very old and precious books.

Some very famous people have studied here, like Thomas Cavendish.


Ipse dixit

Ipse dixit is a Latin phrase which means "He, himself, said it".

In logic, "ipse dixit" is known as the bare assertion fallacy. One form of the fallacy may be summarized as follows:
A bare assertion denies that an issue is debatable. In other words, that's just the way it is. In "Alice in Wonderland", the problem of "ipse dixit" is explained by example.

    "When "I" use a word," Humpty Dumpty said, in rather a scornful tone, "it means just what I choose it to mean—neither more nor less."
    "The question is," said Alice, "whether you "can" make words mean so many different things."
    "The question is," said Humpty Dumpty, "which is to be master      that's all."

The most basic way to distort an issue is to deny that it exists.

"Ipse dixit" is used to identify and describe a dogmatic statement which the speaker expects the listener to accept as valid. "Ipse dixit" is a sort of arbitrary dogmatism. The only proof we have of the fact is that this person said it.

The theory of "ipse dixit" involves that an unproven statement that the speaker claims is true because it was uttered by "an authority" on the subject. The opinion may carry some weight based solely on the authority or standing of the person said it.

In the "De natura deorum" ("On the Nature of the Gods"), the Roman writer Cicero (106–43 BC) coined the term "ipse dixit" as an error in law. Cicero was describing the students of Pythagoras.

Jeremy Bentham changed the term "ipse-dixit" into the word "ipse-dixitism". He created this term to apply to political arguments.

"Ipse dixit" is made specific in American law. For example, in a 1997 case, the US Supreme Court recognized the problem of "opinion evidence which is connected to existing data only by the "ipse dixit" of an expert".


Darwin College, Cambridge

Darwin College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was built in 1964, and it was the first college to have both men and women as students. The college has about 650 students: they are all postgraduate since Darwin does not allow undergraduates. The name comes from the famous scientist Charles Darwin and his family.

Some very famous people have studied here, like Elizabeth Blackburn. She won the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in medicine.

It is on the bank of River Cam opposite to Queens' College.


Downing College, Cambridge

Downing College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was built in 1800 and has around 650 students.

The name comes from Sir George Downing, who left money and land in his will to build a college when he died in 1749. However, not everyone in the family agreed with this. So, for many years until 1800 there were fights in courts until the judges decided that the will should be followed.

Some very famous people have studied at Downing College, like Quentin Blake, John Cleese and Thandie Newton.

Rawle, Tim, "A Classical Adventure: The Architectural History of Downing College, Cambridge", Cantabrigia, Oxbridge Portfolio, 2015, 


Höðr

Höðr (also written Hodhr, Hothr, Hothur, Hoder, Hodur, Hodor, Hodr) is the blind twin brother of Baldr and son of Odin and Frigg in Norse mythology.

He is shown as having his eyes closed or covering them completely. Höðr is associated as the god of winter and the cold as well as being the god of darkness, unlike his brother Baldr, who is god of light. The only source of information of him thus far is when he is seen as being manipulated and tricked by Loki, and therefore accidentally killing his brother Baldr by throwing a shaft of mistletoe and piercing him in the heart. Höðr's sworn enemy is Váli, who is born to avenge his brother's death by killing Höðr. It was said that after Ragnarök, Höðr and Baldr shall survive to rule alongside each other. 

The Power Within

The Power Within is the fifth studio album by DragonForce. It was released on April 11, 2012 in Japan and on April 15, 2012 worldwide. It is the first album to have Mark Hudson on vocals.


John Hancock Tower

The John Hancock Tower, also called Hancock Place, The Hancock Tower, or The Hancock, is a 60-story, 790-foot (241 m) skyscraper in Boston. It was named for the John Hancock Insurance company. The tower was designed by Henry N. Cobb and was completed in 1976. It has been the tallest building in Boston for more than 30 years. It is also the tallest building in New England.

Its street address is 200 Clarendon Street. At first, John Hancock Insurance primarily used the building, but after 2004, some offices moved to a new building.

The John Hancock Tower was designed in 1972. It is a glass monolith. It was made in the minimalist and the modernist skyscraper design.

The largest panes of glass possible were used. There are no spandrel panels, and very few mullions. The floor plan has a parallelogram shape. The window glass is tinted slightly blue.

The tower has an observation deck that was a famous attraction. However, the observation deck was closed after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.

In 2006, Broadway Partners bought Hancock Place for $1.3 billion. By 2009, they had defaulted on the loans they used to buy the building, and it was forclosed. On March 30, 2009, Hancock Place was sold at auction for $660 million to a consortium of "Normandy Real Estate Partners" and "Five Mile Capital Partners". In October 2010, Boston Properties bought the John Hancock Tower for $930 million.

The Hancock Tower was built by "John Hancock Insurance".




4th century BC

The 4th century BC started the first day of 400 BC and ended the last day of 301 BC.


Theophrastus

Theophrastus (; c. 371 – c. 287 BC), a Greek native of Eresos in Lesbos, was the successor to Aristotle in the Peripatetic school.

He came to Athens at a young age and studied in Plato's school. After Plato's death, he attached himself to Aristotle. Aristotle left his writings to Theophrastus, and named Theophrastus the new leader of the Lyceum.

Theophrastus led the Peripatetic school for thirty-six years, during which time the school was very successful. He is often considered the "father of botany" for his works on plants. After his death, the Athenians honoured him with a public funeral. His successor as head of the school was Strato of Lampsacus.

JYJ

JYJ (formerly known as Junsu/Jejung/Yuchun in Japan) is a boy group made up of three members who are formed by the former members of South Korean group TVXQ, in 2010. JYJ members are Jaejoong, Yuchun, and Junsu. Their group name is taken from the first letter of each member's name.

The group has released two studio albums so far.

On July 31, 2009, the three TVXQ members who became JYJ, filed a lawsuit against SM entertainment. They argued that the their contracts' period was too long for 13-year length excluding the military service and that the profit distribution was disadvantageous towards the artists. So they maintained their contracts should be invalidated. In addition, the former three TVXQ members applied for an injunction that was the same as the lawsuit to engage their entertainment activities. The Seoul Central District Court in October 2009 ruled in favor of JYJ affirming their right to independently engage in entertainment activities and granted JYJ's injunction suspending the JYJSM entertainment contract.

The three members of JYJ continued their activities as TVXQ in Japanin the end of 2009 for over half a year after the filing of the injunction until their Japanese agency, Avex, announced a group hiatus in early 2010.

JYJ members who were known as Junsu/Jejung/Yuchun in Japan continued their entertainment activities for over half a year after the filing of the injunction until their Japanese agency, Avex, announced a group hiatus in 2010. At Japan, JYJ performed the live concerts, "Thanksgiving live in Dome concerts" in June. They also had performances at the nationwide a-nation tour throughout August. JYJ's debut album, "The...", was released in September 2010, and debuted at number one on Oricon albums charts in the first week.

JYJ members made a contract with C-Jes Entertainment in Korea.

In September 2010, Avex Entertainment announced plans to suspend all of JYJ's Japanese activities claiming this stemmed from issues the label had with the president of JYJ's Korean management, C-JeS Entertainment.

JYJ released their worldwide debut album, "The beginning", on October 12 with "Ayyy Girl" as a lead track.

JYJ promoted their new album, "The beginning", through the worldwide showcase tour in South Korea, Southes Asia, and the United States.
On November 27 and 28, they performed "JYJ Worldwide Concert in Seoul", two-day concerts that were held at Seoul's Jamsil Olympic Stadium.

JYJ released their Korean EP, "Their Rooms "Our Story"" on January 25, 2011 in the format of a "music essay".

On 17 February 2011, the Seoul Central District Court dismissed SM Entertainment's injunction against the three members, filed in April 2010 for damage compensation.

In the spring of 2011, JYJ performed their first Worldwide concert Tours that were held in Thailand, Taiwan, China, Canada, and the United States. They finished their fist Worldwide concert tours with performing two special encore concerts in South Korea on June.
In September, JYJ released their first Korean studio album entitled "In Heaven".
JYJ extended their World Tour by adding performance dates in Barcelona, Spain on October 29 and in Berlin, Germany on November 6.

In January 2012, C-JeS announced two more concert dates, with Santiago, Chile being March 9 and Lima, Peru March 11. JYJ's first Worldwide concer tour came to the end in South America. 
On February 23, JYJ released a 90-minute film titled "The Day". It is a documentary film featuring their daily lives and dreams and a kind of fan events.
Starting on June 28, JYJ held the first and the largest-scale international fan fair for free in South Korea. This event was the big event expressing JYJ's thanks for fans and was opened for 4 days—from June 28 to July 1—at SETEC (Seoul Trade Exhibition & Conventions) at Hak Yeo Ul station. This membership week included photographic and video-based exhibitions of the band, as well as two sets of fan meetings. Because of great fan's cheering, JYJ's representative C-JeS Entertainment announced that this Membership Week event will be held annually.

On 28 November 2012, during a voluntary arbitration at the Seoul Central District Court, SM Entertainment and JYJ have reached a mutual agreement to terminate all contracts between the two parties and not to interfere with each other's activities in the future. At last, concluding the three years and four months, exclusive contract lawsuit came to the end.

concerts

Documentaries


Commodores

The Commodores are an American funk and soul music group. They were most popular in the 1970s and 1980s. The band was formed in 1968 in Tuskegee, Alabama. They are signed with Motown. Their hit songs include "Three Times a Lady", "Easy" and "Brick House". During the early times, Lionel Richie sang with the Commodores.

Cops (TV series)

Cops is an American documentary-styled television reality show which follows police officers, constables and deputies during patrols and other activities which began in March 1989 and has been aired in many countries. The show is broadcasted through Fox and has been shown in over 100 cities in the United States. Every episode is about twenty two minutes long. The show was cancelled due to the George Floyd protests. It was later released again on Fox Nation. 

Hydrophone

Hydrophone is a microphone which is used to measure sound under water. It uses an echolocation system. You would use a hydrophone if you wanted to examine the sound of fish or maybe if you wanted to listen to find out if there is any sea creature in this part of the ocean. Using several hydrophones make the sound better by making it louder and making it able to reach further distances it is even possible to listen in a specific direction. 

The first hydrophone was used by , a Canadian inventor in 1914. 

Narva

Narva is the third biggest city in Estonia. Around 64,000 people were living in Narva as of January 2011. Danish people established Narva in 1223.


Rochester, Kent

Rochester is a town in Medway, North Kent. It is famous for Rochester Cathedral.

It also has a railway station, Rochester railway station.

8th century BC

The 8th century BC started the first day of 800 BC and ended the last day of 701 BC.


Medway

Medway (commonly called the Medway Towns) is a large urban area in North Kent, near South East London. It has around a quarter of a million people. The Medway Towns are made up of 5 towns: Strood, Rochester, Chatham, Gillingham and Rainham. It is named after the River Medway.

Karhu

Karhu (in english "The Bear") is Finnish brand of beer. It is the most popular beer in Finland. Its history begins in 1920, in Pori. Production of Karhu stopped in the early 1930s, but continued again from 1958.



Kruskal's algorithm

Kruskal's algorithm is a greedy algorithm to find a minimum spanning tree in a weighted, undirected graph. Joseph Kruskal first described it in 1956:

In this case, the shortest edge is the one with the lowest weight.

Download the example data. 

Gillingham, Kent

Gillingham is a large town in Medway, North Kent. It has around 105,000 people, and a football team, Gillingham F.C..

It also has a railway station, Gillingham railway station.

Koff

Koff is Finnish brand of beer. Koff is one of the most popular beers in Finland. It is made by Sinebrychoffs, a Finnish company that advertices lager beers.



Olvi

Olvi is Finnish brand of beer. Olvi is mostly made from Finnish ingredients, besides "Humulus lupulus", which is from Bavaria.


Lapin Kulta

Lapin Kulta is Finnish, Hartwalls brand of beer. Traditionally it's been made in Tornio but 2010 production moved to Lahti.



A Werewolf Boy

'A Werewolf Boy' is a South Korean fantasy romance movie. It did well at the box office in 2012. The movie has been a huge box-office success by drawing audiences totaling 6,600,000 people in less than two months. The movie's lyrical atmosphere and the performance of the stars caught audiences’ eyes.

The movie starts with a flashback told by a grandmother, Suni. When a girl, Suni, lived in an isolated mountain village for her recuperation in 1965. A boy who looks like a beggar suddenly appeared. Nobody knows his origin, his family and how old he is. He cannot speak. He only growls like an aniimal. At first, Suni and can't get used to his strange behavior such as eating food with his hands ravenously. They grow fond of him gradually, so they named the boy Chulsu.

Jitae, who is a landlord of the house Suni is living, loves her. He begrudges Chulsu being close to Suni. With experts and old documents, Jitae found out that Chulsu was one of the abandoned children in the Korean war. Now he is a kind of werewolf boy. He is genetically modified by a scientist to make a more powerful soldier. Jitae slandered Chulsu because Chulsu has extreme strength unlike a normal human being. His body temperature is 46 degrees Celsius. Because of Jitae’s lies, people try to kill Chul-su to protect themselves. Suni decides to leave the village to keep him from being injured.

After 47 years, when Suni visits the village to sell the house, she sees Chulsu again. She is moved by his long waiting. Chulsu reads a fairy tale book to Suni which they promised to read together 47 years ago. However, she has to leave him again and return to America. She leaves a message "Wait for me." again as she did when she was young. Chulsu waits for her believing that she will come back again someday.

The main actor, is a famous Korean actor. He achieves popularity through various kinds of movies and dramas. For example, , , "The innocent Man" and "Hearty Paws 2". The main actress, , is also a widely loved actress who made a big name through the movie "Speedy Scandle". Both of them rose to more fame with the movie "A Werewolf Boy".

"My prince", song by Park Bo-young

This is the song Suni sings to the accompaniment of a guitar for Chulsu in the movie. By seeing her singing mellifluously, Chulsu fell in love with her.


Harnai District

Harnai District () is a district in the Balochistan Province of Pakistan.

Mega (Chile)

Mega, whose letters stand for Red Televisiva Megavisión, is a Chilean television network.


Chilevisión

Chilevisión, whose letters stand for Red de Televisión Chilevisión, is a Chilean television network.


Coloratura

Coloratura is a term meaning florid singing in which singers demonstrate great agility with their voices. Although often associated with light sopranos, it can apply to any voice type such as tenor, mezzo-soprano, baritone, bass, especially in the bel canto repertoire.

High intensity training

High Intensity Training (HIT) is a form of strength training popularized in the 1970s by Arthur Jones. HIT focuses on performing quality weight training repetitions to the point of momentary muscular failure. The training takes into account the number of repetitions, the amount of weight, and the amount of time the muscle is exposed to muscle tension in order to maximize the amount of muscle fiber recruitment. 


Beth Hatefutsoth

The Nahum Goldmann Museum of the Jewish Diaspora (or "Beth Hatefutsoth") is an history and anthropology museum in Tel Aviv, Israel. It is dedicated to the Jewish communities around the world. The museum was established in 1978 after 10 years of building. The museum is a part of the Tel Aviv University campus and also has an educational center to study Jewish folklore. The museum is also a center to documenting and preserving the memory of Jews and Jewish families who have been killed or destroyed in anti-Semitic incidents.


International Institute for Terrorism Research

International Institute for Terrorism Research or International Institute for Counter-Terrorism (ICT) is an international non-profit research center located in Herzliya Interdisciplinary Center (IDC), Israel. The center explores terrorism in Israel and around the world and organizes international meetings with politicians from around the world.


1923 Great Kantō earthquake

The was a Japanese natural disaster in the Kantō region of the island of Honshū. The earthquake struck at 11:58:44 am JST (2:58:44 UTC) on Saturday, September 1, 1923. It lasted between 4 and 10 minutes.

This earthquake destroyed Tokyo, the port city of Yokohama, surrounding prefectures of Chiba, Kanagawa, and Shizuoka. It caused widespread damage. About 140,000 people died.



Tom Daley

Tom Daley (born 21 May 1994) is an English diver. He was born in Plymouth, Devon. He mainly dives from the 10 metre platform, both on his own and in synchro (diving at the same time with another person). He became the World Champion at the age of 15 in 2009.

Daley went to the 2008 Summer Olympics where he was the youngest athlete for Britain. He also went to the 2012 Summer Olympics where he came third in the 10 metre platform event. He has won many other medals. For example, at the 2010 Commonwealth Games he won two golds in the 10 metre platform: one for the individual event, the other for the synchro event with Peter Waterfield.

He has won the BBC Award for Young Personality of the Year three times.

He grew up in Eggbuckland, Plymouth with his mother Debbie, father Rob and two younger brothers, Ben and Will. He went to school at the Thruston Primary School in Plymouth and later went to Plymouth College. He started swimming when he was 3, and diving when he was 7. He did his first international competition when he was 11. In 2013, he stated that he is in a relationship with a man. In 2014, he stated that he is gay.

Emmanuel College, Cambridge

Emmanuel College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was built in 1584 and has around 650 students. Emmanuel has the tradition of doing very well in the exams.

Some very famous people have studied at this College, like Graham Chapman.

In 2006, the Dean of Emmanuel College said that same-sex couples can have civil partnerships at Emmanuel's Chapel. This made it the first in the Church of England to allow this.


Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge

Fitzwilliam College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It is often called Fitz from the students. It was created in 1966, but it is based on earlier student groups and associations. These began in 1869 with the idea of helping poor people to study at Cambridge. Today the college has around 750 students and is one of the largest. Fitzwilliam has the tradition of doing quite well in the sports.

Some very famous people have studied at this College, like Charles Scott Sherrington and Albert Szent-Györgyi who both won Nobel Prizes.

The name of the college comes from the Fitzwilliam family.


Girton College, Cambridge

Girton College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was built in 1869 and it was the first college for women. It was given official status only in 1948, when women were allowed in the university. In 1976, it started allowing men too. The college has about 700 students.

The college is about 2.5 miles (4 km) away from the university town. It takes the name from the village where it is found, Girton.

Some very famous people have studied at this Girton, like Queen Margrethe II of Denmark.

It has one of the biggest libraries in Cambridge.

Federation of Genealogical Societies

The Federation of Genealogical Societies is a non-profit organization and consortium of Genealogy Societies. Its headquarters are located in Austin, Texas in the United States. It works with genealogy organizations around the world. 


Pendulum (Australian band)

Pendulum are an Australian/British drum and bass duet from Perth, Western Australia. The duo consists of Paul Harding and Ben Mount.

The band was created in 2002 by Rob Swire, Gareth McGrillen, and Paul Harding. The live members of the band left in 2012 to focus on other projects with Swire and McGrillen leaving to create the band Knife Party. The DJ set for the band is still active though.

They released their debut album "Hold Your Colour" on 25 July 2005. Their second album "In Silico" was released on May 12, 2008 in Europe and on May 13, 2008 in North America. They released their final studio album "Immersion" with the live band on 21 May 2010. 





Ryan Longwell

Ryan Longwell (born August 16, 1974) was an NFL kicker from 1997-2012. He went to college in California. He played for the Green Bay Packers and the Minnesota Vikings. His jersey number was 8.


Jovan Belcher

Jovan Belcher (July 24, 1987 – December 1, 2012) was an American football player. He was a line backer in the NFL for the Kansas City Chiefs. He was a student at the University of Maine. He played in the NFL from 2009 until his death.

Belcher was born in West Babylon, New York.

On the evening of December 1, 2012 in Kansas City, Missouri, he shot his partner dead and committed suicide by shooting himself.


Ted Bulley

Ted Bulley (born March 25, 1955) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) player from 1976 to 1984. He played the left wing position. He was born in Windsor, Ontario in Canada. For most of his career he played for the Chicago Blackhawks.


Bunny Roser

Bunny Roser (November 15, 1901 – May 6, 1979) was a former baseball player for the Boston Braves. He was a left fielder. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He died in Rocky Hill, Connecticut at the age of 77.


Mutant (movie)

Mutant is a 1983 American horror movie that was directed by John Cardos and Mark Rosman. It has a restricted rating. The film has zombies in it. It stars Wings Hauser.


Fundamental force

There are four fundamental forces, sometimes called fundamental interactions. The forces are called "fundamental" because there is no simpler way for physicists to understand what the forces do or how they do it (their action). They are called interactions because the action of one object on another is matched by a reaction from the other. 

We feel the effects of gravity and electromagnetism all the time.

The strong and weak interactions are forces at the smallest distances and explain nuclear interactions.

A complete description of the forces requires advanced physics. The Standard Model explains 
three of these forces (electromagnetism, the weak force, and the strong force). Most physicists think that these become a single force under very high temperatures. This idea is known as the grand unification theory.

In the future, new forces may explain dark energy and dark matter. We may also get a Theory of everything that explains the four known fundamental forces. Even if we first "unify" the three forces of the Standard Model, we may continue to think of those forces as fundamental. This is what happened when theoretical physicists unified electromagnetism and the weak interaction with 
electroweak theory.

Platt Amendment

The Platt Amendment was an amendment made in 1901 to a resolution of the United States Congress. It said that all treaties with Cuba had to be approved by the U.S. Senate and the U.S. had the right to interfere in Cuba's affairs if order broke down within Cuba. It also declared Guantánamo Bay to be U.S. territory. The Cuban–American Treaty of Relations of 1903 said the same things. 

In the years following its enactment, until its abolition in 1934, the Platt Amendment was used on several occasions by the United States to intervene in Cuban internal affairs and protect US economic interests on the island. 

Bob Schieffer

Bob Lloyd Schieffer (born February 25, 1937) is an American television journalist and news anchor for "60 Minutes" and for "CBS Evening News". He was the moderator for "Face the Nation" for twenty-four years, from 1991 to 2015. He won six Emmy Awards.

Schieffer was born on February 25, 1937 in Austin, Texas. He studied at the Texas Christian University. Schieffer is married to Patricia Penrose. They have two children. He now lives in Washington, D.C. and in Austin, Texas. 


Wakeboarding

Wakeboarding is a water sport that involves riding a wakeboard over the surface of a body of water. The rider is usually towed behind a motorboat. This sport, that appeared in the beginning of the eighties, has been inspired by surfing, water skiing and snowboarding.
To practice wakeboarding, a boat, a rope and a board are necessary. If the rider wants to do bigger jumps or tricks, he needs a tower. The waves created by the boat act like a ski jump for the surfer.

In 1985, Tonny Finn, a surfer, marketed the "Skurfer". It was a board inspired by surfing and water skiing. The "Skurfer" was thick and it had an aileron at his back. 

In 1987, the "Skurfer" board was introduced in France by Maurice Lejeune.

In 1989, Jimmy Redmond founded the World Wakeboard Association (WWA).

In 1990, the first official competition was taking place in Orlando, Florida, United States, while the first wakeboard was marketing.

In 1993, the first world wakeboard championship was organised in United States by the WWA.

In 1994, the riders Gilles Becker, Franck Ropéro and Pierre Bergia established the ANW (Association Nationale de Wakeboard).

In 1995, it was the apparition of the "twin tips". The principle of this board has still used today. The "twin tips" has one or more ailerons in its back and its front.

In 2001, wakeboarding became a discipline in the Akita’s World Games of Japan.

In 2004, the first magazine dedicated to the wakeboard, "Unleashed Wakeboard Magazine", was published in France.


Chicago Water Tower

The Chicago Water Tower is a Chicago and U.S. historical place tower that is 154 feet (47 m) tall. The tower is believed to be the only tower to survive the Great Chicago Fire in 1871. It is the only tower to be in the fire zone to survive. The building is the symbol of Old Chicago. The tower was built in 1869. The building became a National Historic Landmark in 1975.

Albertus Magnus

Albertus Magnus, O.P. (1193/1206 – November 15, 1280), also known as Albert the Great and Albert of Cologne, is a Catholic saint. He was a German Dominican friar and a bishop who achieved fame for his comprehensive knowledge of and advocacy for the peaceful coexistence of science and religion. James A. Weisheipl and Joachim R. Söder have referred to him as the greatest German philosopher and theologian of the Middle Ages, an opinion supported by contemporaries such as Roger Bacon. Magnus was born into a rich German family, in Swabia, in about 1200. He attended Padua University, in Italy. He was very knowledgeable about Sciences, and he wrote about chemistry, geometry, astronomy, physiology. He promoted Aristotle's writings. He later became Master of Theology, which is the study of religion and God, in the University of Paris. He also created a school in Cologne, in 1248. Magnus died on November 15, 1280, in Cologne, Germany. 250 years after his death, he was named a Saint because he helped and contributed to the Catholic Church.

Antônio Carlos Jobim

Antônio Carlos Jobim (25 January 1927 – 8 December 1994) was a Brazilian musician of the 20th century. He was a songwriter, composer, singer and pianist/guitarist. He and João Gilberto developed bossa nova as a genre of music. He is a co-creator of bossa nova. He is widely known as the composer of "The girl from Ipanema". The representative album "Wave" counts among his major works. Besides, He created much great bossa nova music. His songs have been performed by many singers and instrumentalists and loved by people.

Antônio Carlos Jobim was born in the Tijuca, in Rio de Janeiro. He came from a prominent family. After his parents separated, he was raised in Ipanema. At the age of ten, he started to play piano and compose. His life as a musician began at the age of 20. As a 20-year-old, Jobim earned his living by playing in night clubs before achieving success.

Jobim made his name as a musician when he teamed up with poet and diplomat Vinícius de Moraes to write the music for the play "Orfeu de Conceição" (1956). That time, A Felicidade, Frevo, and Nosso Amor were composed. A key event in making Jobim's music known in the world was his collaboration with saxophonist Stan Getz, João Gilberto. Especially Jobim wrote many of the songs with Getz/Gilberto, which became one of the best-selling jazz albums of all time.

His songs "The Girl from Ipanema" and "Corcovado" also became sensations. Getz/Gilberto won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year. "The Girl from Ipanema" won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year in 1965.

Jobim is one of the most important songwriters of the 20th century. Jobim's song has sophisticated harmonic structures. Some of his melodic twists, like the melody insisting on the major seventh of the chord, became common use in jazz and easy listening music after him.

Due to his fame in his country, the Municipality of Rio de Janeiro changed the name of Galeão International Airport to Rio de Janeiro–Antonio Carlos Jobim International Airport.

Jobim was hospitalised in New York City from a urinary tract infection in late November 1994. He underwent surgery on 2 December 1994, and while recovering developed a pulmonary embolism. He died from cardiac arrest at the hospital on six days later on 8 December at the age of 67.

Bossa nova

Bossa nova is a type of Brazilian music. Bossa nova means literally "new trend". Antonio Carlos Jobim and João Gilberto developed bossa nova as a genre. The first bossa nova single to achieve international popularity was "The Girl From Ipanema".

The bossa nova musical style evolved from samba but is more complex harmonically and less percussive. Joachim Ernst Berendt, the writer of a jazz book, said that bossa nova is a combination of samba and cool jazz. The influence on bossa nova of jazz styles is often debated, but a similar "cool sensibility" is apparent.

Bossa nova is usually performed on classical guitar and piano. It often performed with percussion and strings.

Charles Bridge

Charles Bridge is the oldest stone bridge in Europe. It had been constructed from 1357 to 1400. Until 1841, this was the only bridge to connect old street of Prague. It also played an very important role as the trade route between East and West zone of Prague. At first, it was called just "Stone Bridge" or "Praha Bridge." But it had the name of "Charles Bridge" since 1870.

The bridge is 516 meters in length and 10 meters in width. Also, it has 16 arches. At a railing of the bridge, there are thirty sculptures of saint who are famous in the Bible and History. Except the sculpture of "Jan Hus", all of sculptures are made of sandstone. Some sculptures were made in the "Age of Baroque" but most of sculptures were imitated.

There has been legends about this bridge. One legend says that if a person touches the statue of Sanctus Loannes Nepomucenus saying the hope, the hope will come true. This is because Nepomucenus was the confessor of the queen of Bohemia. But one day king wanted to know what the queen confessed. This was because the king had a doubt that the queen had an affair with another man. However, Nepomucenus did not tell anything to king and resisted to the bitter end. So the king made Nepomucenus fall in the river. So Nepomucenus got drowned. However, He was respected as the Saint right after his death.

<br>

Gamla stan

Gamla Stan is an old section of Stockholm, the capital of Sweden. Gamla Stan consists of three islands, Stadsholmen, Riddarholmen and Helgeandsholmen. The main buildings such as the National Assembly Building, the royal palace and the Cathedral are located here. Gamla Stan whose meaning is "Old Town" is known to be built first in 13th century. Thus, there are a lot of old buildings in Gamla Stan and they were built in 17th or 18th century. They have very long history. After crossing the bridge in front of Royal Swedish Opera theater, there is the National Assembly Building. This building is the entrance of Gamla Stan and connects the old town, Gamla Stan, and the new town. The royal palace is just after the entrance and there are a lot of buildings which make you feel like in middle ages. 

The center of Gamla Stan is Stortorget square. This square has a sad history. Christian II killed more than 80 of the leading members of Sweden and buried their necks in the well. This is called the Stockholm massacre. In this square, there are Nobel Museum in one side and buildings built from 13th century to 19th century. Also, a lot of shops are placed in narrow alleyways. Up north from the square, the stock exchange built in 1776 and the Sweden Academy headquarters which selects the Nobel Prize winner are located.

In addition, there are a lot of famous tourist spots, such as Morten Trozigsgrand, which is the narrowest alley in Gamla Stan and as wide as 90cm, and the German Church. Since Gamla Stan preserves the image of middle ages very well, it can be one of the most famous tourist places in Sweden.


Cristián de la Fuente

Cristián de la Fuente Sabarots (born 10 March 1974) is a Chilean actor. He studied mechanical engineering in Puerto Rico. He loves sports very much. At first, he was a model.He started acting in small roles in television series and movies. Internationally, he became famous with the movie Driven, from 2001. Today, de la Fuente Sabarots lives in Los Angeles. He is married, and has a daughter.

Kia Tigers

The Kia Tigers is a professional baseball team in South Korea. The team started in 1982 with the name of Haitai Tigers. Haitai sold the team to Kia in 2001. They won the Korean Series 9 times as Haitai Tigers (1983, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1993, 1996, 1997). They won again in 2009 and 2017. Winning 11 times is the top record among all Korean baseball teams. They never lost the Korean Series so far.

Their main stadium was the Mudeung Baseball Stadium in Gwangju from 1982 to 2013, and is now the Gwangju-Kia Champions Field, also in Gwangju.

The Haitai Tigers was the third professional baseball team in Korea, following OB Bears (currently Doosan Bears) and MBC Blue Dragons (currently LG Twins). It started on January 30, 1982 with only 14 players and the manager. In 1983, the team hired Kim Eung-ryong as manager and they won the Korean Series for the first time.

After the team signed Sun Dong-yeol in 1985, the Haitai Tigers Dynasty started. They won the Korean Series for 4 straight years (1986-1989). Another superstar, Lee Jong-beom, made his debut in 1993. He won the Korean Series MVP in his debut season. From 1982 to 1997, the team won the Korean Series 9 times.

Because of the financial problem of Haitai company, the team started to sell many good players including Lee Jong-beom and Lim Chang-yong.

Kia took over the baseball team and the name was changed to Kia Tigers. Lee Jong-beom returned from Japan and he was retired in 2012. In 2005, the Kia Tigers ended the season in the lowest place for the first time ever. However, in 2009, the team won the Korean Series with Na Ji-wan's dramatic walk-off home-run in the last game. It was the first victory after 1997 and as Kia Tigers. In 2012, Sun Dong-yeol, the legendary superstar in Tigers, became the manager of the team, but failed to make the team reach the postseason for 3 years.

Pitchers: Yoon Suk-min, Seo Jae-Weong, Kim Jin-woo

Field Players: Lee Yong-kyu, Choi Hee-seop, Lee Bum-ho

Audio mixer

An audio mixer is device which is used to mix several sounds together. The user can control the volume on each channel or sound source to be as loud as they want. The amount of channels may vary depending on the mixer. Different sources may be used such as microphones, sound cards and CD players. Usually mixers have pre-amplifiers for microphones and inputs may be balanced. It is a device that allows you to edit the pitch and other aspects of sound.

Each channel has their own volume control but also there is main volume control that changes all channels the same way. Some mixers will also have an equaliser.

Seoul International Fireworks Festival

Seoul International Fireworks Festival is the one of the biggest festivals held in Seoul held by Hanwha group , Korean corporation. In 2000, it was held to wish for successful World Cup 2002 near Yeouido. After that, it has been held annually with Italian, Chinese, American and Korean teams except for 2001, 2006, 2009. In 2001, it was cancelled due to the September 11 attacks. In 2006, it could not be held because North Korea carried out a nuclear test, and in 2009, because of influenza A. The latest festival was held in October 6, 2012, which gathered more than 120 million people. 

The Hanwha Group spends about 1500-million won for the fireworks festival. Each team spends about 200 million won every year. People do not pay any fee to enjoy the festival. As time passes, more and more people are gathering, so the “Hot Places” become crowded 3 hours before the beginning of the festival. The best place to watch the fireworks is in front of 63 Building. People can enjoy sound effects as well near 63 Building. If the place is too crowded to enjoy the festival, Hangang Park is also a good place. If people take the subway to get to the place, they can exit at Yeouinaru Station. If the subway does not stop at Yeouinaru Station around start time of the festival, Yeouido Station is also fine.

The fireworks start around at 8 p.m. and end around at 9 p.m. Before the fireworks start, additional festivals, such as concerts or racing are held.

There is criticism that Hanhwa Group holds the festival only to advertise their company. The president Lee Myung-bak says that Seoul cannot support this festival for advertising the private company. In addition, people who do not go to the festival have to deal with inconvenience because of heavy traffic or if some subway stations are not allowed to approach due to this festival. A lot of trash left is also criticized. In 2011, 25 tons of trash was left after the festival and 130 sanitation engineers cleaned the area until 3 a.m.

Supercapacitor

Supercapacitor is a type of capacitor that can store many times as much energy as older capacitors. They were developed in the late 20th century. In future electric cars or mobile phones might use supercapacitors. 

CouchSurfing

CouchSurfing International Inc. is a company based in San Francisco that provides hospitality social networking. Travellers using the service stay at a host's house, where they sleep on a couch (sofa) or a mattress on the floor. The service is intended to be free of charge; the host does not ask for money from the guest. CouchSurfing is intended to be a cultural exchange program, where the host shows the visitor around their town or local place, and the guest delivers his or her own country's culture.
People using the service must register an account on the CouchSurfing website. They make a full public profile, which shows other users who they are, their interests, what languages they speak, and other information. If they want to host other travellers, users also state the location of their house, and describe their living arrangements, the type of couch they have, and what they can provide for the guests.

Travellers can look for hosts by location, and hosts can find travellers whom have stated their plans to travel to their area. Hosts also list references (recommendations from previous guests), which helps travellers in deciding whether or not a host is reliable. When a traveller applies to stay at a host's place, the host then reviews the traveller's profile and either accepts or rejects the application. If the host says yes, the two users exchange phone numbers and contact each other prior to the meeting.


Maidan Nezalezhnosti

Independence Square or Maidan Nezalezhnosti is the national public square of Ukraine. The square is located in Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine. Most of the buildings in the square were ruined in World War II. Today the square is a center of public performances and political activity. The Kilometer Zero of Ukraine is located in the square.

It is located between Khreshchatyk, Borys Hrinchenko, Sofiyivska, Mala Zhytomyrska, Mykhailivska, Kostyolna streets, Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred Street, Architect Gorodetsky Street, and Taras Shevchenko Lane.

Until the end of the 10th century, this place, like the whole present Khreshchatyk, was called Perevisysche and was a swamp. Where Sofiyska Street now begins, there was the Lyadska Gate, which led to the Upper Town.

In the 18th century, stone fortress walls and the so-called Pechersk Gate were built on the territory of the Maidan, which existed until 1833. In the late XVIII — early XIX century was a wasteland — the so-called Goat Swamp. Defensive ramparts approached it, the edge of which was filled with a dam and a water mill.

In the 1730s, the first wooden houses appeared here, and in the 1850s — stone houses. In 1869 the place was named Khreshchatyk Square. Until 1871 there was a market on the square, circus performances and festivities took place.

In 1851, the first large brick building was erected on the square — the building of the Noble Assembly (architect Oleksandr Beretti; now the building of the Federation of Trade Unions of Ukraine).

In 1876, after the construction of the City Duma according to the project of the architect Alexander Shile (destroyed in September 1941 by Soviet radio-controlled mines), the square was renamed the Duma.

1912 — The Ginzburg Skyscraper, the first skyscraper in Ukraine, is built near the square.

September 1913 — a monument to Peter Stolypin was in front of the City Duma building (destroyed on March 16 (29), 1917).

February 1919 — the Soviet commandant's office of the city, headed by Mykola Shchors, worked in building 2.

March 1919 — the area was named Soviet.

1922 — A monument to Karl Marx is erected on the square (sculptor Joseph Tchaikov; dismantled in the 1930s).

1935 — Soviet Square was renamed Kalinin Square (in honor of the 60th anniversary of Mikhail Kalinin), in 1944 this name was confirmed.

In 1941–1943, during the Nazi occupation, the Maidan was named Duma and Maidan on September 19.

1961 — 16—story hotel "Moscow" was opened (in 2001 it was renamed to hotel "Ukraine").

On December 17, 1976, the Kalinin Square metro station was opened (since October 17, 1977, the October Revolution Square, and since August 26, 1991, the Independence Square).

1977 — a monument to the Great October Socialist Revolution (dismantled in 1991) was erected on the square. After the reconstruction, it was named the October Revolution Square, in honor of the October Revolution of 1917, the name of Kalinin Square was given to the current St. Michael's Square).

In 1989, the columns of the portal of the Kyiv Main Post Office collapsed, killing 11 people.

In 1990, a student hunger strike took place in the square, which later became known as the Granite Revolution.

August 1991 — the square received its modern name in honor of the proclamation of Ukraine as state independence. It should be noted that the name Independence Square has been used in everyday life since 1990, this name was recorded during the Granite Revolution in October 1990.

2001 — the square was reconstructed (a number of monuments were erected, in particular, the Independence Monument, the Globus underground store was opened, and a large fountain, the so-called Roulette, was liquidated).

In the winter of 2000—2001, protest actions "Ukraine without Kuchma" took place on the Maidan.

2004 — the square became the center of the Orange Revolution.

2010 — there were protests against the Tax Code.

2013 — November 21, the 9th anniversary of the Orange Revolution, Euromaidan began — a mass protest against the suspension of the state's course of association with the European Union. These events later escalated into the Revolution of Dignity, which sparked a wave of demonstrations and protests against the Yanukovych regime, the largest since Ukraine's independence.

On February 18—20, 2014, a violent confrontation took place on the Maidan, as a result of which there were significant casualties among the protesters, the Maidan was severely damaged; in addition, on the night of February 19, the House of Trade Unions of Ukraine was burned down. The Euromaidan tent camp was dismantled only on August 9.


Solvent extraction

Solvent extraction, also known as Liquid–liquid extraction or partitioning, is a method to separate a compound based on the solubility of its parts. This is done using two liquids that don't mix, for example water and an organic solvent.

Solvent extraction is used in the processing of perfumes, vegetable oil, or biodiesel. It is also used to recover plutonium from irradiated nuclear fuel, a process which is usually called nuclear reprocessing. The recovered plutonium can then be re-used as nuclear fuel.

In this process one of the components of a mixture dissolves in a particular liquid and the other component is separated as a residue by filtration.

Around this time many European countries and United States of America had established huge solvent extraction plants for recovering directly almost all the available oil in the oilseeds like Cottonseed and Soybean.

College Scholastic Ability Test

College Scholastic Ability Test, known as Su-Neung, is a national standardized university entrance test in South Korea. The test is held on second Thursday of November of every year. The Korea Institute for Curriculum and Evaluation (KICE) conducts and supervises the test. A person who wants to go to university must take the test. Its result is accepted by most of universities in Korea. It is a typical criterion to judge whether the person is allowed to go to a university.

The test has five sections - Korean language, Math, English language, Social Studies/Sciences/Vocational Education and Foreign language/Chinese Character. The applicants can choose the number of the domain which they would take, after considering of applicant's ability, aptitude, demand of the university which they apply to.

The Korean and English section are common to all applicants. However, if the applicant decides to take Math, Society/Science/Vocation test and Foreign language/Chinese Character, he or she must choose the subtype of the test. 

For Math section, there are two subtypes to choose - "A" or "B". The type "A" consists of two parts - Math 1, Basic Calculus and Statistics. Type "B" consists of four parts - Math 1, Math 2, Geometry and Vector, Integral calculus and Statistics.

For Social Studies/Sciences/Vocational Education section, applicants have to choose one category from the three and each has several subtypes. 

Finally, the applicants who take the Foreign language/Chinese Character test have to decide one subject out of nine (German I, French I, Spanish I, Chinese I, Japanese I, Russian I, Arabic I, Basic Vietnamese, Chinese Characters and Classics).

The first test, Korean, starts at 8:40 A.M. The last test, Foreign language/Chinese Character test, ends at 5:00 P.M.. For disabled people, there is some extra time. Blind people are given 1.5 time prolonged time than normal applicants in every section, weak-eyed applicants and applicants who suffer from cerebral palsy are given 20 extra minutes in every sections.

Juho Kusti Paasikivi

Juho Kusti Paasikivi (27 November 1870–14 December 1956 Helsinki). He was the seventh president of Finland, from 1946 to 1956. He was first person to have his picture printed on Finnish money. First wife was Anna Matilda Forsman (1897–1931).

Paasikivi studied history and law in Imperial Alexander University in Helsinki. He was especially interested in history of Russia. He became a doctor in law in 1901, and associate professor in 1902. In 1913 he became director of KOP bank.

Paasikivi was elected in parliament in 1907, and second time 1910. This was time when Finland was still part of Russian empire. At the time when Finland became independent, Paasikivi was among those who supported monarchy.

During the second world war Paasikivi was negotiating with Soviet Union. In 1946, when President Mannerheim resigned, parliament selected Paasikivi as his successor. In 1950 he won an election wand was selected for second term. In 1956 he was not an official candidate, but he got some votes as "Black horse".

The foreign policy doctrine established by Paasikivi and continued by his successor Urho Kekkonen, The "Paasikivi-Kekkonen line", aimed at Finland's survival as an independent sovereign, democratic, and capitalist country in the immediate proximity of the Soviet Union.

Fiscal policy

When a state uses taxes and government spending to influence the economy, this is known as fiscal policy in economics and political science. Idea from John Maynard Keynes. The state can influence the following parameters:
There are two basic kinds of taxes: those on revenue, and those on economic activity, usually called excise taxes. Lowering the excise taxation will lead to increased economic activity, for example. Changes in welfare also have an impact on economic activity.

In general, fiscal policy is cyclic: Effects which result from changes in fiscal policy need some time until they can be observed.

Certain schools of thought think that fiscal policy should not be used to influence the economy. This is the case for Monetarism, which demands that keeping money at its value is the most important goal.

Intensity of preference

Intensity of preference, also known as intensity preference, is a term used to identify and describe what happens in a process which leads to consensus agreement or consensus ranking. The phrase recognizes that decisions and decision-making involve intensity of feeling about a choice and the choice preference itself.

The concept of preference intensity has been criticized over the past sixty years because of the problems in measuring it. The term is used in economics, politics, marketing and other areas.

Ranking and consensus have been the subject of research for 200+ years.
In the 20th century, the term intensity of preference was coined by the work of the economist Kenneth Arrow, who was a recipient of the 1972 Nobel Prize in Economics.

Intensity of preference is a factor in an analysis of how individual choices develop into social choices. Standard election procedures notoriously ignore differences in intensity of preferences.

For example, the intensity of preference is a one of many factors which are important in voting. The term is a measure of an individual voter's (or group of voters') willingness to do something. Intensity of preference focuses on the inconveniences involved in the act of officially registering a choice at a specific time and place, not the vote itself. For example, the lines for voting in South Africa's 1994 election were very long. The "intensity of preference" and the inconvenience of voting were factors in the election of Nelson Mandela.



Bedchamber crisis

Bedchamber crisis is the name given to a number of events that happened in 1839, when the Whigs lost the election, and only had a minority rule. As a consequence of the defeat, Lord Melbourne stepped down, and Robert Peel was given the task to form a new government. The Bedchamber crisis relates to the behaviour of Queen Victoria, who was twenty years old, at the time. The queen had a close relationship with the prime minister, and also listened to him, when it came to choosing Ladies-in-waiting. As a result, most ladies in waiting were the wives or relatives of leading Whig politicians. Peel, who was a Tory, asked the queen to re-elect the ladies, so that their allegiance to parties would be more neutral. This would have meant that some of the ladies would have to be replaced. Victoria saw the ladies as friends, and therefore refused. In addition, the queen had little sympathy for Peel. Given the circumstances, Peel refused the task to form a new government. Lord Ashley, who was to become Lord Shaftsbury was offered the post of prime minister, but he also refused. As a result, the Whigs and Lord Melbourne stayed in power. The refusal of the queen to replace some of the ladies in waiting was met with criticism.

Lauri Kristian Relander

Lauri Kristian Relander (May 1883 - February 1942) was the second president of Finland, from 1925 to 1931. He travelled to other countries a lot compared to other presidents. Relander's education was Doctor of Philosophy and agronomist.

Relander was born in Kurkijoki. His wife was Signe Östermanin (1886–1962). They had two children. He died in Helsinki.

Kaarlo Juho Ståhlberg

Kaarlo Juho Ståhlberg (28 January 1865 – 22 September 1952) was Finland's first president, from 1919 to 1925. He was born in Suomussalmi and was third from five children in the family. His first wife was Hedvig Wåhlberg. In 1920 he married Ester Elfving.

President Juho Kusti Paasikivi gave great value to Ståhlberg. He said: "Ståhlberg was a man who never made mistakes".

Ståhlberg died in Helsinki.

Vicki Escarra

Vicki Escarra is an American director of welfare organizations. She was the CEO of Feeding America and is leading Opportunity International since 2012.

Escarra was born around 1955 in Decatur in Georgia. She obtained a bachelor degree in psychology at Georgia State University. Furthermore, she completed the "Executive Management Program" at Columbia University and the "Executive Leadership Program" at Harvard University.

Since 1973 she worked for Delta Air Lines. Here her career rose, and finally she became the director of the customer service. At that moment she directed over 52,000 employees. In 2002 she was honored with the YWCA Women of Achievement Award.

Since 2003 she was a member of the board of the banking firm A. G. Edwards, and also of several other boards like for the Association of Professional Women and the Committee of 200. From 2004 to 2006 she worked as a chairman of the Atlanta Convention & Visitors Bureau.

From 2006 to 2012 she was director of Feeding America, an organization behind two hundred food banks in the United States and Puerto Rico with programs like soup kitchens and shelters. The organization feeds tens of millions of Americans that do not have enough food to buy themselves. For her work for Feeding America she was honored in 2009 with a Four Freedoms Award in the category "Freedom from want".

Since 2012 Escarra leads Opportunity International, an international organization that works in the field of micro finance, insurance and training of small companies in twenty countries in the Third World.

Wingate Institute

The Wingate Institute () is a sports training academy in Israel. It was established in 1957. The institute is named after Orde Wingate, who was a British general in the Mandate of Palestine. The Wingate Campus includes schools and local organizations of sport. The Wingate Institute is located in Netanya and has a supplementary compound in Tel Aviv, the National Sport Center, that includes many headquarters of Israeli sport organizations.


Finnish markka

The Finnish markka, also known as the Suomen markka, or simply markka, was the currency in Finland before Finland started to use Euro. Markka's abbreviation was mk and internationally FIM. There were 100 pennies, "(penni, p)", to each markka. There were also coupons.

National Sport Center Tel Aviv

The National Sport Center is a complex of sports venues and sport administration buildings in Tel Aviv, Israel. It includes the Olympic Committee of Israel building. The center is located in the Western edge of the Yarkon Park near to the Ramat Gan Stadium. It is a supplementary compound to the Wingate Institute in Netanya.

The National Sport Center was established in 1978 when a several tennis courts were built close to Yarkon Park. In 1980, the building of the Olympic Committee of Israel and the national athletics stadium were built nearby.


Närpes

Närpes () is a town in western Finland. There were 9,399 people living there on 31 August 2012. It is next to the municipalities of Kaskinen, Korsnäs, Kristinestad, Kurikka, Malax and Teuva. About 85% of the people speak Swedish.


Lappeenranta

Lappeenranta is a town in eastern Finland. There were 72,289 people living there on 31 August 2012. It is next to the municipalities of Imatra, Lemi, Luumäki, Miehikkälä, Ruokolahti and Taipalsaari.

The former municipality of Joutseno was merged with Lappeenranta in 2009. The former municipality of Ylämaa was merged with Lappeenranta in 2010.

Hanhijärvi (Lappeenranta), Hiivaniemi, Kansola, Konnunsuo, Kontu (Lappeenranta), Korvenkylä, Louko, Moisio(Lappeenranta), Raippo, Ruokola (Lappeenranta), Simola (Lappeenranta), Sirkjärvi, Vainikkala, Vilkjärvi.


Shinyei Nakamine

Shinyei Nakamine (January 21, 1920-June 2, 1944) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Nakamine was born in Hawaii to Japanese immigrant parents. He is a "Nisei", which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American.

One month before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Nakamine joined the US Army in November 1941.

Nakamine volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 100th Infantry Battalion. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in June 1944, Nakamine was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Nakamine's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, his family was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Nakamine's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in central Italy in 1944. Without help from others, he destroyed a machine gun nest and led attacks on two other machine gun nests.

The words of Nakamine's citation explain:
Private Shinyei Nakamine distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 2 June 1944, near La Torreto, Italy. During an attack, Private Nakamine’s platoon became pinned down by intense machine gun crossfire from a small knoll 200 yards to the front. On his own initiative, Private Nakamine crawled toward one of the hostile weapons. Reaching a point 25 yards from the enemy, he charged the machine gun nest, firing his submachine gun, and killed three enemy soldiers and captured two. Later that afternoon, Private Nakamine discovered an enemy soldier on the right flank of his platoon’s position. Crawling 25 yards from his position, Private Nakamine opened fire and killed the soldier. Then, seeing a machine gun nest to his front approximately 75 yards away, he returned to his platoon and led an automatic rifle team toward the enemy. Under covering fire from his team, Private Nakamine crawled to a point 25 yards from the nest and threw hand grenades at the enemy soldiers, wounding one and capturing four. Spotting another machine gun nest 100 yards to his right flank, he led the automatic rifle team toward the hostile position but was killed by a burst of machine gun fire. Private Nakamine’s extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.



National Building Museum

The National Building Museum is a museum in Washington D.C. dedicated to architecture, landscaping, urban design, urban planning, industrial design, and the history of buildings in the United States. The museum host exhibitions of architectural styles and organizes tours for visitors and activities for children and families. The museum was established in 1969 by architect Beverly Willis and moved to an old building that was the Interior of the Pension Office in 1980.


Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge

Gonville and Caius College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It is often called Caius (said "keys") by the students. It was created in 1348 by Edmund Gonville who gave money to build it. In 1557 John Caius, a doctor, left some more money after studying at the college. The modern name comes from these two people. It now has about 700 students. 

Being old, the college has kept many traditions. For example, there is a formal dinner every night. Also, when students go home for holiday they need to get an official permission from a Fellow (teacher) to leave.

Some very famous people have studied at this College. Twelve of them have won a Nobel Prize:

Stephen Hawking is also a Fellow at Gonville and Caius.


Imatra

Imatra is a town in southeast Finland. There were 28,363 people living there on 31 August 2012. It is next to the municipalities of Lappeenranta and Ruokolahti.


Iisalmi

Iisalmi is a town in southeast Finland. There were 22,153 people living there on 31 August 2012. It is next to the municipalities of Kiuruvesi, Lapinlahti, Maaninka, Pielavesi, Sonkajärvi and Vieremä.



Homerton College, Cambridge

Homerton College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. Its name comes from the area of Homerton in London. It was first formed there in 1850 from a group of students who wanted to change the way pedagogy (how people teach) was studied. They moved to Cambridge in 1894, but the college only became part of the University in 1976. Only in 2010 it was given the full status.

Homerton College is the biggest in Cambridge: it has 1200 students. Many of them study Education because the department is there. The college is not in the city centre of Cambridge but on Hills Road.


Hughes Hall, Cambridge

Hughes Hall is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It only takes students who are more than 21 years old ("mature" students). They can be undergraduates or postgraduates. It opened in 1885 and was only for women at the start. The first men came in 1973. It takes its name from the first "Principal" (head of the college), Elizabeth Phillips Hughes. 

Today, Hughes Hall has about 400 students. It has the tradition of trying to mix students and Fellows (teachers) at social events, such as dinners where there is no separate table for Fellows.


Charlottetown

Charlottetown is the capital and the largest city of the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island.

The population of Charlottetown was 34,562 in 2011. The mayor of Charlottetown is Clifford J. Lee.

The French were the first European settlers in the area and they founded a settlement in 1720 named Port La Joye. British forces built Fort Amherst near the site of the abandoned Port La Joye settlement after they took control of the settlement and the rest of the island during the height of the French and Indian War. The town is named after Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, queen consort of the United Kingdom.

Charlottetown Stations

CFCY 95.1

CHLQ 93.1


Pepsi Music 2004: Britney Exclusive

Pepsi Music 2004: Britney Exclusive (also known as: "Pepsi Music 2004" or "Pepsi: Dare for More Music 2004") is an EP . The CD included a special version of "We Will Rock You", which has been used in Pepsi TV advert. This version was performed by Britney Spears, P!nk and Beyoncé. Enrique Iglesias played a part an evil emperor.

Front cover<br>Back cover<br> Cd

Summerside, Prince Edward Island

Summerside is a city in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island.

The population of Summerside was 14,751 in 2011. The mayor of Summerside is Basil Stewart.

Summerside was incorporated as a town on April 1, 1877, and as a city on April 1, 1995. The largest employer in the city is the Canada Revenue Agency. The city was home to CFB Summerside, an air force base located in the city, but that has since closed. The city is the only municipality in North America that owns its own electric utility and provides its residents with 46% of their energy consumption through green wind energy. The city is home to the Summerside Storm which play in the National Basketball League of Canada. The former post office that is located on Summer Street is a National Historic Site of Canada.


Peter Travers

Peter Travers is an American movie critic. He works for "Rolling Stone" and "People". He is known for listing movies or directors in the "Top Ten List" which includes Martin Scorsese, David Lynch, Paul Thomas Anderson, Clint Eastwood, Christopher Nolan, Joel and Ethan Coen, and Ang Lee.


A. O. Scott

Anthony Oliver Scott (born July 10, 1966) is an American journalist and movie critic. He is the manager of all movie critics for "The New York Times". His great-uncle is American actor Eli Wallach.

Scott was born on July 10, 1966 in Northampton, Massachusetts. He is Jewish. Scott studied at the Classical High School, at Johns Hopkins University, and at Harvard University. He is married. They have two children. He now lives in Brooklyn, New York.


Pehr Evind Svinhufvud

Pehr Evind Svinhufvud, usually known as P. E. Svinhufvud, (1861 - 1944) was Finland's third president. He married Ellen Timgren and they had six children. His nickname was Ukko-Pekka. That's why name Pekka became more popular.

Karachi South District

Karachi South District () is in the Karachi Division of the Sindh province of Pakistan.

11th century BC

The 11th century BC started the first day of 1100 BC and ended the last day of 1001 BC. The events below may have happened in this century.


2nd millennium BC

The 2nd millennium BC took place in between the years of 2000 BC and 1001 BC. This is the time between the Middle and the late Bronze Age. 

The first half of the millennium saw a lot of activity by the Middle Kingdom of Egypt and Babylonia. The alphabet develops. Indo-Iranian migration onto the Iranian plateau and onto the Indian subcontinent saw the creation and use of the chariot. Chariot warfare and population movements lead to violent changes at the center of the millennium. New order emerges with Greek control of the Aegean and the rise of the Hittite Empire. The end of the millennium sees the start of the Iron Age. World population begins to rise steadily. By 1000 BC, the population of the world reached nearly 50 million. 

3rd millennium BC

The 3rd millennium BC spans the Early to Middle Bronze Age.

This was a period of time in which the desire to conquer was common. Expansion occurred throughout the Middle East and throughout Eurasia, with Indo-European expansion to Anatolia, Europe and Central Asia. The civilization of Ancient Egypt rose to a peak with the Old Kingdom. World population is estimated to have doubled in the course of the millennium to 30 million people.

Scottish highland dance

Highland dancing is a traditional dance which comes from Scotland. Highland dancers need a lot of stamina and strength as they need a good sense of aesthetics. They execute the traditional dance in solo to the sound of the great highland bagpipe. The highland dances are very precise and need a lot of coordination. There are many competitions for highland dancing organized around the world, mainly in Scotland, United States, Canada and Australia.

Dancers are judged on three elements: 
If a dancer does all these three elements perfectly, they have a great advantage over the others.

Here are the main traditional highland dances:

Women wear a kilt, a kilt jacket (with or without sleeves), a blouse, ghilies and kilt socks. Men wear a kilt with a sporran, a white shirt with a thin tie, a dark jacket, green or black hose and ghilies shoes. These are only for certain dances (fling, sean triubhas, barracks johnnies, tulloch/half tulloch and highland laddie) There is seperate costumes for other dances, for the flora, scotch measure, lilt and a few others the outfit is called and aboyne. The hornpipe and jig have separate outfits too.

Paulina Porizkova

Paulina Porizkova (born 9 April 1965 in the Czech Republic) is a Czech-American model and actress. At age eighteen, became the first female from Central Europe to be shown on the cover of the "Sports Illustrated" swimsuit issue. She was the second female (following Christie Brinkley) to be shown on the cover of the "Sports Illustrated" multiple times. She has acted in movies and in television shows, including "Desperate Housewives".

Rich Girl

"Rich Girl" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her debut solo studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). Produced by Dr. Dre, the track features American rapper Eve. It is the second time that both Stefani and Eve had done a song together, "Rich Girl" also samples both "Rich Girl" reggae girl group Louchie Lou & Michie One and "If I Were a Rich Man" a song from Fiddler on the Roof.



The pirate-themed music video for "Rich Girl" was directed by David LaChapelle, filmed in July 2004. and uses the Get Rich mix of the song, which repeats the middle-8 chant section during the intro. The video, inspired by a late-1990s Vivienne Westwood advertising campaign, opens with four Japanese schoolgirls playing with a toy pirate ship and two Bratz dolls of Stefani and Eve, while the girls discuss what they would do if they were a "rich girl". The video features several sequences. Stefani is first shown below the deck of a pirate ship, dancing on a table and singing to the song. She is surrounded by pirates and wenches and is soon joined by Eve, wearing an eyepatch. In the surreal style of LaChapelle, the pirate crew has distorted features, and a leaked casting call commented, "I need the freaks on this one." Above deck Stefani, the Harajuku Girls, Eve, and more pirates dance on the deck and rigging. Stefani is also seen dancing with the Harajuku Girls in a treasure trove, often carrying a sword, and swinging from an anchor. When the girls dunk the toy ship in a fish tank, the galleon engages in cannon fire, causing Stefani and the pirates to fall all over the ship, and Stefani and the Harajuku Girls are soon shipwrecked. they wear inappropriate clothe sofhr the hisotry of hte song music video this was alsmot recreated on The Ellen Degeneres Show

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."


The Jerry Springer Show

The Jerry Springer Show was a unscripted American tabloid talk show. It was hosted by Jerry Springer. It is broadcast around the world. It was taped in Stamford, Connecticut. The show focuses on family dysfunction, secrecy and infidelity. It began on September 30, 1991 and ended on July 26, 2018. It has been controversial for certain subjects.

Merostomata

Merostomata is a name given to the now extinct sea scorpions (Eurypterida) and the horseshoe crabs (Xiphosura). There are four known species of horsehoe crabs still alive. James Dwight Dana introduced the name to refer to the horseshoe crabs only. Henry Woodward later extended it to refer to both taxa.

Jack (tool)

A jack is a tool for lifting heavy items. There are many kinds of jacks.


Pielinen

Pielinen is the fourth biggest lake in Finland.

Eteissaari, Hattusaari, Honkasaari (Juuka), Honkasaari (Nurmes), Iso Ristisaari, Kaitasaari, Karhusaari, Kaunissaari, Kertonsaari, Kelvänsaari, Kinahmonsaaret, Kolmassaari, Korppisaari, Koveronsaari, Kuivasaari, Kulkulsaari, Kuusisaari, Kynsisaari, Larinsaari, Laukkalansaari, Lehtosaari, Liklamo, Lokkisaari, Lörsänsaari, Läpsy, Mantina, Mustasaari, Palosaari, Paalasmaa, Patvisaaret, Pieni Ristisaari, Porosaari, Pyysaari, Pääsaari, Rekisaari, Retusaari, Romonsaaret, Rääkky, Satjanko, Sipolansaari, Toinensaari, Turakka, Uramonsaari, Varpo.


Karachi East District

Karachi East District () is in the Karachi Division of Sindh province of Pakistan.

Lake Inari

Lake Inari ( or "Inari") is the third largest lake in Finland's Lapland. It covers . The deepest point is . There are over 3,000 islands in the lake. The biggest islands are Kaamassaari, Mahlatti, Viimassaari and Roiro.

Inari's is located to north from Arctic Circle, still, water is not very cold.

Oulujärvi

Oulujärvi ("Kainuun meri") is the fifth biggest lake in Finland. Its biggest island is Manamansalo. Other islands are Hevossaari, Iso-Kaattari, Honkinen, Kaarresalo, Karhusaari, Koljolansaari, Kuostonsaari, Käkisaari (toiseksi suurin), Manamansalo, Mulkkusaaret, Reimiluoto, Tevä, Toukka, Uupunut, and Ykspisto ja Ärjä.

Kemijoki

Kemijoki is the longest river in Finland. It is long. It flows to the Gulf of Bothnia.

Kymijoki

Kymijoki is a river in Finland. It is long. It flows through the regions Päijänne Tavastia, Kymenlaakso and Uusimaa.

There are many hydroelectric power plants on the river. In the past, the river was an important way to transport wood. 

The river starts from Päijänne and it flows to the Gulf of Finland.

Siikajoki (river)

Siikajoki (river) is a river in Finland. It is long. It flows to Bothnian Bay. 

Päijänne

Päijänne is the second largest lake in Finland. It is between the regions of Central Finland and Päijänne Tavastia. It covers . Päijänne flows into the Gulf of Finland through the river Kymijoki.

The quality of the water is good. It improves south of Jämsä.

Päijänne is next to the municipalities of Kuhmoinen, Jämsä, Joutsa, Luhanka, Muurame, Toivakka and Jyväskylä in Central Finland, and Padasjoki, Asikkala and Sysmä in Päijänne Tavastia.

The lake has 1,886 islands.

Some of the largest islands are Virmailansaari, Salonsaari, Judinsalo, Onkisalo, Paatsalo, Muuratsalo, Haukkasalo and Vuoritsalo.

In the southern part of Päijänne is Päijänne National Park. This was established in 1993. The park covers about 50 islands. The park is next to the municipalities of Padasjoki, Asikkala and Sysmä. It covers Kelvenne island, which is 8 km long and 50-800 meters wide. The bays in the national park are popular places for boating.


Näsijärvi

Näsijärvi is a lake in Finland. It covers . The deepest point is . Near Näsijärvi are Tampere, Ylöjärvi and Kuru.

Höytiäinen

Höytiäinen is a lake in Finland. It covers an area of . Its deepest point is . The biggest island is Teerisaari. In 1950, there were 118 people living at the lake. Near Näsijärvi are Juuka, Kontiolahti and Polvijärvi.

Kallavesi

Kallavesi is a lake in Finland. It covers . The average depth is . The deepest point is . Kallavesi is close to the city of Kuopio.

Lake Keitele

Lake Keitele is a lake in Finland. It covers almost . The average depth is . The deepest point is . The quality of the water is very good. Lake Keitele is close to Äänekoski, Viitasaari and municipalities Konnevesi and Vesanto.

Jääsjärvi

Jääsjärvi is a large lake in Finland. It covers . It has many islands. The largest ones are Vehkasalo, Hirtesalo, Kotisalo, Ohrasaari, Urrionsaari and Nautsalo.
Municipalities near Jääsjärvi are Joutsa and Hartola. Jääsjärvi flows from the southwestern part via Tainionvirta and into several smaller lakes to Päijänne.

Keiko (whale)

Keiko (c. 1976 – December 12, 2003) was a killer whale who played "Willy" in the movie "Free Willy" in 1993. He was a world-famous whale. He died of pneumonia in 2003.

Karelian pasty

A Karelian pasty, also called a Karelian pie or Karelian pirog, known in Finnish as "karjalanpiirakka", is a traditional Finnish cookie, where inside a thin rye layer is rice pudding, pearl barley pudding, or mashed potatoes. It is often served with a spread made of butter and hard boiled eggs. There are annual baking competitions such as the one at Rääkkylä's Kihaus.


Pasquale J. D'Amuro

Pasquale J. "Pat" D'Amuro is an American television analyst and former intelligence agent. He is an expert on terrorism. D'Amuro is a former Director of FBI in New York. He worked for the FBI for 26 years. After the FBI, he went to work for Giuliani Security & Safety, a New York security consulting company.

D'Amuro grew up in upstate New York. He earned his Bachelor's degree in Business at the Niagara University.

He bagan working for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in May 1979. While working for the FBI, D'Amuro learn much about bank robberies, fraud, organized crime, drug trafficing and similar crimes.

After the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, he focused his research on terrorist attacks. After this, he was involved with the research of the 1998 United States embassy bombings in Tanzania and Kenya, the 2000 USS "Cole" bombing in Aden, Yemen, and the attacks on September 11, 2001, on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon. Over time, he became a leading expert on al-Qaeda.

After the attacks of September 11, D'Amuro became the assistant director of the counterterrorism division of the FBI. He made changes that led to better exchange of information between the FBI, CIA, the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Defense. He is also responsible for the creation of the "Terrorism Watch List". It is a combination of the information of many different agencies.

In August 2003, he became director of the FBI office in New York. It is the largest FBI office. At this time, he held the third highest position in the FBI. At this time, he began giving public lectures often on the changes that had been made at the FBI since September 11. In March 2005, he left the FBI after a service of 26 years.

After leaving the FBI, he became director of Nine Thirty Capital Management and chairman of the board of Giuliani Security & Safety. In March 2006 he became a commissary of Mercy College. In April 2008, he became the director of American Defense Systems.

D'Amuro is often on the television network CNN as a senior analyst.

D'Amuro has been given several awards. These include the Presidential Rank Award of the FBI. In 2004, he was given an honorary doctorate in law from Mercy College in Dobbs Ferry, New York. In 2009, D'Amuro got a Four Freedoms Award in the category "Freedom from fear".


Karachi Central District

Karachi Central District () is in the Karachi Division of the Sindh province of Pakistan.

Karachi West District

Karachi West District () is in the Karachi Division of the Sindh province of Pakistan.

Goa liberation movement

The Goa liberation movement was a political struggle for the independence of Goa during the 20th century. The city had been under the colonial rule of the Portuguese for over 450 years. In 1960, India invaded and annexed the territory.

Sunamganj District

Sunamganj (, ) is a district in north-eastern Bangladesh. It is part of the Sylhet Division.

Maulvibazar District

Moulvibazar (, "Moulvibazar Zila") is a district of the Sylhet Division in Bangladesh.

Habiganj District

Habiganj ( "") is a district in northeastern Bangladesh. It is part of the Sylhet Division.

William Nakamura

William Kenzo Nakamura (January 21, 1922-July 4, 1944) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Nakamura was born in Seattle to Japanese immigrant parents. He is a "Nisei", which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American.

His family was interned in Minidoka in Idaho during World War II.

Nakamura joined the US Army in July 1943.

Nakamura volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 442nd Regimental Combat Team. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in July 1944, Nakamura was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Nakamura's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, his family was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Nakamura's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in central Italy in 1944. He silenced a machine gun nest and he stayed behind to provide covering fire as his unit withdrew.

The words of Nakamura's citation explain:
Private First Class William K. Nakamura distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 4 July 1944, near Castellina, Italy. During a fierce firefight, Private First Class Nakamura's platoon became pinned down by enemy machine gun fire from a concealed position. On his own initiative, Private First Class Nakamura crawled 20 yards toward the hostile nest with fire from the enemy machine gun barely missing him. Reaching a point 15 yards from the position, he quickly raised himself to a kneeling position and threw four hand grenades, killing or wounding at least three of the enemy soldiers. The enemy weapon silenced, Private First Class Nakamura crawled back to his platoon, which was able to continue its advance as a result of his courageous action. Later, his company was ordered to withdraw from the crest of a hill so that a mortar barrage could be placed on the ridge. On his own initiative, Private First Class Nakamura remained in position to cover his comrades' withdrawal. While moving toward the safety of a wooded draw, his platoon became pinned down by deadly machine gun fire. Crawling to a point from which he could fire on the enemy position, Private First Class Nakamura quickly and accurately fired his weapon to pin down the enemy machine gunners. His platoon was then able to withdraw to safety without further casualties. Private First Class Nakamura was killed during this heroic stand. Private First Class Nakamura's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

Nakamura is the namesake of the William Kenzo Nakamura United States Courthouse in Seattle.



Rotuma

Rotuma is a volcanic island about south of Fiji. It covers an area of about . It has been a part of Fiji since 1881. While the Fijian Islands are Melanesian, Rotuma is isolated far to the north. Its people and culture are more closely related to Polynesia.

Virmajärvi

Virmajärvi is a small lake in eastern Finland's Ilomantsi region and Russia. An island on lake is the most eastern tectonic part of Finland and the European Union. The nearest village is Hattuvaara.

Luirojärvi

Luirojärvi is a lake in Finland's Lapland. Luirojoki (a river) flows first to Lokan tekojärvi (reservoir) and continues from that to Kemijoki. At the east side of lake is Sokosti mountain, which is over 700 meters high. Luirojärvi belongs to Urho Kekkonen National Park.

Lake Ruovesi

Lake Ruovesi is a lake in Finland. It covers . It collects water from Keuruun reitti, Pihlajaveden reitti and Ähtärin reitti. Lake Ruovesi flows to Palovesi.

Lake Lappajärvi

Lake Lappajärvi is a lake in Finland. It is in an impact crater. The biggest island is Kärnänsaari. The lake covers an area of . The deepest point is .

Adrian Smith (architect)

Adrian D. Smith (born August 19, 1944) is an American architect. He has designed skyscrapers including the Burj Khalifa, the Jin Mao Tower, the AT&T Corporate Center, and the Trump International Hotel and Tower, Chicago. He is now building the world's tallest building that is planned to be taller than the Burj Khalifa, the Jeddah Tower.

Smith was born on August 19, 1944 in Chicago, Illinois. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Smith studied at the University of Illinois at Chicago and at the Texas A&M University.


Luc Besson

Luc Paul Maurice Besson (born 18 March 1955) is a French movie director, screenwriter, and producer who is known for his movies such as "", "The Fifth Element", "Taken", "The Lady", and the entire "Arthur and the Invisibles trilogy". He has won an BAFTA Award. 

Besson was born on 18 March 1955 in Paris, France. He was married to Anne Parillaud until they divorced. Then he was married to Maïwenn Le Besco from 1992 until they divorced in 1997. Then he was married to Milla Jovovich from 1997 until they divorced in 1999. He has been married to Virginie Silla since 2004. He has five children. 


Blushing

Blushing is involuntary reddening of the human face. This happens if a person feels embarrassed, uncomfortable in certain situations, or lovestruck. The affected area feels very hot when blushing takes place.

Patricia Wettig

Patricia Wettig (born December 4, 1951 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an television performer and playwright. She starred in the series "Thirtysomething". She was also in a few movies.

San Bernardino County, California

San Bernardino County is a very large county in southeastern California. As of 2020, 2,181,654 people lived there. Places within the county include the city of San Bernardino, California. It is the largest county of California, and in area it is larger than the state of Maryland.

The Heroes of Olympus

The Heroes of Olympus is a series of five adventure and fantasy novels written by Rick Riordan, an American author. It follows the "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" series and is followed by "The Trials of Apollo" series and the Daughter of the Deep. The stories are based around Greek and Roman mythology, it describes the efforts of seven demigod heroes to prevent the earth goddess Gaea from waking up with their ship called Argo ll. The first book in the series was released on October 12, 2012 and the last one was released on October 7, 2014.

The series begins with "The Lost Hero," and ends with "The Blood of Olympus". Some characters from the "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" series return, including Percy Jackson, Annabeth Chase, Clarisse, Chiron, Camp Half-Blood campers, and several others. There are also some new characters. Some are Leo Valdez, son of Hephaestus, Jason Grace, son of Jupiter (Zeus as a Roman) and Piper McLean daughter of Aphrodite and movie star Tristan McLean who is kidnapped in "The Lost Hero".

Riordan based some of his series on "The Golden Fleece and The Heroes Who Lived Before Achilles" by Padraic Colum.


In addition to these books, Rick Riordan has also written a supplementary book named "The Demigod Diaries" which was released on August 14, 2012.


John of the Cross

Saint John of the Cross (original name of Juan de Yepes y Álvarez)(1542-1591) was a Spanish Catholic mystic. He belonged to the Carmelite order. He is one of the Doctors of the Church. And He is a patron saint of mystics and contemplatives and of Spanish poets.


Exmoor pony

The Exmoor pony is a breed of horse. It is native to the British Isles.

The fur is brown, from beige and brown to dark brown and black. The Exmoor pony eats grass and hay. It can be up to tall and weigh . The breeding time is 336 days. They can become 25 years old. 

Cairo spiny mouse

The Cairo spiny mouse ("Acomys cahirinus") is a species of mouse that lives in Africa, the Middle East and Europe.

It eats seeds, fruits and invertebrate animals. The mouse grows to long and weighs up to . It lives for about four years. The gestation period is about 38 days. The speed of the spiny mouse is up to .

Harz red mountain cattle

Harz red mountain cattle is a breed of cattle. They come from Harz, in Germany. They can live up to 20 years old. They have fair colored cornets, are beefier built, and have plain fur.

The females are up to and the males . They are between high. At birth, they weigh from .
Their main food is grass. They produce milk and are used for meat.

The Harz red mountain cattle is from the oldest race of cows. They were bred in the middle of the 19th century. Today, it is an endangered species.

Consequentialism

Consequentialism is a theory in the field of ethics. It says that the moral value of an action can be judged by looking at the consequences it has. One of the big consequentialist theories is called utilitarianism. 

Play

The word "play" has more than one meaning. It could mean:


Play (activity)

Play is a word used in psychology and ethology to describe voluntary activities associated with recreational pleasure and enjoyment, and with early learning in mammals. Although everyone understands what the word means, it is extremely difficult to define. Play is usually connected with children and their juvenile-level activities, but it can also be a useful adult activity, and occurs among other higher-functioning animals as well.

Many of the most prominent researchers in the field of psychology (including William James, Sigmund Freud, Carl Jung, Jean Piaget and Lev Vygotsky) have viewed play as endemic to the human species. Play may be frivolous; but it may be serious. A player can be intently focused on his or her objective ("in the zone"), particularly when play is structured and goal-oriented, as in a game. Accordingly, play can range from relaxed, free-spirited and spontaneous through frivolous to planned or even compulsive.

There have been two major reviews of research into animal play, and both have said it is extremely difficult to define. Play is almost universal in very young mammals, and also in some groups of birds such as parrots and ravens. Therefore, it must have a function, but what is that function? It is definitely not immediate survival. In fact, the young animals of many species may risk their lives playing. Yet, since it survives in so many species, it must have survival value. That, as Fagan says, is a paradox.

The main idea is that play is basically useful, and so it can be explained by the normal process of evolution by natural selection. This was proposed by Karl Groos over a century ago, and it is still the majority explanation.

Researchers know the difficulty of deciding when a behaviour is play, and when it is not. Konrad Lorenz developed a criterion. To be called "play", the behaviour should be really distinct from the response in the normal situation. Thus, play-fighting of young pups is quite different from serious dog-fights, not just a lesser degree of the same thing.

Play can take the form of improvisation or pretend, performance, mimicry, games, sports. Play can be structured, with goals and rules; when this is the case, the play is a "game". Other play is unstructured, without rules. The gurus of children's games were Iona and Peter Opie, who collected them in England in the post-World War II period.

Often sports with specific rules will take place within designated play spaces, such as sports fields. Other play spaces may be playgrounds with equipment and structures to promote active and social play. Some play spaces may be indoors, as with museums, or family entertainment centres.

The National Institute for Play describes seven play types:

Piaget had a general framework for play:

Separate from self-initiated play, play therapy is used as a clinical application of play aimed at treating children who suffer from trauma, emotional issues and other problems.

North Karachi

North Karachi () is a suburb of Karachi, in the Karachi Division of the Sindh province of Pakistan.

Dravida Nadu

Dravida Nadu () was the name of a proposed sovereign state for the speakers of the Dravidian languages in South Asia. It was also known as Dravidistan or Dravidadesa.

Electric bicycle

An electric bicycle or e-bike is a bicycle that uses electricity as its power. These bikes do not pollute the air. Usually a biker can control how much the motor helps. For example, it can be 50% of the force needed. In some cases it is possible to convert a traditional bike to electric using a conversion kit. In the United Kingdom a new one costs between £599 and £2,500. The cost of charging a battery is very small compared with the cost of petrol for a car. Some governments will help with the cost of buying one.

According to the World Bicycle Industry Association, in 2022 10% of bicycle sales in the world were e-bikes.

In the United States the federal government has set a limit of 750 Watts and a top electric-powered speed of 20MPH to have only the rules that apply to bicycles and no extra restrictions such as operator license, vehicle license, registration or insurance requirements.

Electric bicycles have been around for over a century, but have become more popular in recent years due to advancements in technology and increased interest in sustainable transportation. First models of electric bicycles appeared in late 19th century. US Patent office registered several e-bike patents since 1895 to 1899 (Ogden Bolton patented battery-powered bicycle in 1895, Hosea W. Libbey patented bicycle with double electric motor in 1897 and John Schnepf patented electric motor with roller wheel).

Kokemäki

Kokemäki is a town in south-west Finland. The city has a population of 7,653 (30 June 2015) and an area of 531,27 km². Through Kokemäki flows the Kokemäenjoki river which is 121 km long.


Laihia

Laihia is a municipality in Finland. About 8,000 people lived there as of 31 August 2013. It covers 508.38 km². Near Laihia is municipalities: Ilmajoki, Isokyrö, Kurikka, Maalahti, Mustasaari and Vähäkyrö.


Spacetime metric

In special relativity, the spacetime metric, also called the Minkowski metric', is the metric tensor that describes the line element in Minkowski spacetime. 

The metric can be described by the following line element:

formula_1

In units where the speed of light, formula_2, is one, then the metric in matrix form is

formula_3

Rautalampi

Rautalampi is a municipality in Finland. The city has 3,451 people (as of 31 August 2012). It covers 761,97 km². Near Laihia are the municipalities Hankasalmi, Konnevesi, Pieksämäki, Suonenjoki, Tervo and Vesanto.

History starts from 1561 when Sweden's king Gustav I of Sweden gave order to establish so called "hallintopitäjä" Rautalampi, "(Rautalammen hallintopitäjä)."


Vaasa

Vaasa () is a city in Ostrobothnia, Finland. The city has a population of 60 622 (31.8.2012) and the area 191,68 km². Vaasa is different compared to the nearest municipalities because so many people there speak Finnish. From Helsinki, it is 419 km to Vaasa.

Neighbouring municipalities are Isokyrö, Laihia, Malax, Korsholm and Vöyri. 


Kamakura shogunate

The Kamakura shogunate (Japanese: 鎌倉幕, "Kamakura bakufu") was a feudal Japanese feudal military government. The heads of government were the shoguns. The first three were members of the Minamoto clan. The next two were members of the Fujiwara clan. The last six were minor Imperial princes.

These years are known as the Kamakura period. The period takes its name from the city where the Minamoto shoguns lived.

After 1203, the Hōjō clan held the office of "Shikken". In effect, the "shikken" governed in the name of the shoguns.

In 1192, Minamoto no Yoritomo and the Minamoto clan established a military government in Kamakura. The shogunate functioned within the framework of the Heian system of Imperial rule.

The Mongols under Kublai Khan attempted to invade Japan. On 19 November 1274 ("Bun'ei 11, 20th day of the 10th month"), Kublai Khan's army landed near Fukuoka in Kyūshū. The invaders retreated to Korea. This was called Bun'ei War ("Bunei no eki"). There was a second invasion attempt by Mongol forces in 1281 ("Kōan 4"). This was called the Kōan War ("Kōan no eki").
The shogunate prepared to defend against a third invasion, but it did not come. The costs of defense a weakened the shogunate.

In the in 1333 ("Genkō 3"), forces led by Nitta Yoshisada destroyed the Kamakura shogunate 




Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting

The Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting was a school shooting that happened in Connecticut, United States on December 14, 2012. Twenty-eight people were killed in the shooting, including many children and teachers and the perpetrator's mother at home.

The shooter was Adam Lanza. He shot and killed his mother. He then went to Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, and killed twenty children and six staff members as well as injuring two others. He committed suicide before he could be arrested by the Connecticut State Police.



Sysmä

Sysmä is a municipality in Päijänne Tavastia, Finland. It covers about . As of 31 August 2012, 4,232 people lived there. Its population triples during summer. This has made lot of summer happenings.

Neighbouring municipalities are Asikkala, Hartola, Heinola, Kuhmoinen, Luhanka and Padasjoki.

Joutsjärvi, Karilanmaa, Kinnarila (Skinnarila), Koivisto, Käenmäki (Tikkala), Liikola, Nikkaroinen, Nuoramoinen, Onkiniemi, Otamo, Palvala, Rapala, Ravioskorpi, Saarenkylä, Soiniemi, Suurkylä, Särkilahti, Taipale, Toivola, Valittula, Vintturi, Virtaa, Voipala (Suopelto).


Lee Archer (pilot)

Lee Archer was an American pilot for the United States Air Force. He flew from 1941 during World War II until the year of 1970. He rose until the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.

Archer was born in Yonkers, New York, on September 6, 1919.

He studied at the New York University. After his study he joined the army having the hope to become a pilot. In that era he had to discover that it was not possible for him as an African-American, due to the Jim Crow laws. As a result, he was sent of to Georgia for a communication job. After the army changed its policy, he was accepted to the trainings program for African-American on Tuskegee Army Airfield in Alabama.

During World War II Archer flew on 169 combat missions for the 302nd Fighter Squadron above Europe, and brought down several hostile planes. During a mission in August 1944 he destroyed six German planes on the ground. On October 12, 1944, he 'landed' in a series of air combats above Hungary, which was occupied territory then by Nazi Germany. Flying a P-51 Mustang he brought down three German fighters.

When he came back in 1945 he discovered that nothing had changed in the American society. When he stepped out of his plane, the first sign he saw demanded ′Colored Troops to the Right, White Troops to the Left′. Archer stayed in the army until 1970. At that moment he was a Lieutenant Colonel.
He continued his career in civil society at General Foods in White Plains, New York, where he was one of the first African-American vice presidents of an American corporation. In 1987 he founded his own company in venture capital, called Archer Asset Management.

Archer died on January 27, 2010, in New York City. Television personality Bill Cosby held a speech for him at his funeral ceremony on February 4.

Archer was named "Honorary Honoree" of the American Fighter Aces Association. He received several military awards, like the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Air Medal, and a Presidential Unit Citation.

Furthermore, he was mentioned as an exemplary air force fighter at the presentation of the "Freedom Medal" as well as in the category of "Freedom from fear" of the Four Freedoms Awards. Furthermore, he and his fellow Tuskegee pilots were honored with a Congressional Gold Medal in 2007.

Lee Archer

Lee Archer may refer to:


Brenda Ann Spencer

Brenda Ann Spencer (born in San Diego, California on April 3, 1962) is a convicted American murderer who performed a deadly shooting spree, during which she killed two people at the Cleveland Elementary School in San Diego on January 29, 1979. Another nine got hurt during that incident. Spencer showed no remorse in her crime; her full explanation of her actions was "I don't like Mondays; this livens up the day." Those comments were the inspiration to the song "I Don't Like Mondays" by The Boomtown Rats, which reached #1 in the United Kingdom in mid 1979.

Mango (airline)

Mango Airlines SOC Ltd, known as Mango, is a South African low-cost airline, founded in 2006 as a subsidiary of South African Airways, that operates domestic scheduled budget services. Mango's main base is OR Tambo International Airport near Johannesburg.


Oakville, Ontario

Oakville is a town in the Canadian province of Ontario.

The population of Oakville was 182,520 in 2011. The mayor of Oakville is Rob Burton.

Dundas Street was surveyed for a military road in 1793 and was bought by the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada in 1805. British immigrants settled the area surrounding Dundas Street as well as on the shore of Lake Ontario in 1807. The Crown bought the area surrounding the waterways in 1820 and the area around the creeks, gave up to the Crown by the Mississaugas, was auctioned off to William Chisholm in 1827.

The towns of Bronte, Palermo, Sheridan, and the remainder of Trafalgar Township merged with Oakville in 1962.

The new Oakville Trafalgar Memorial Hospital at 3001 Hospital Gate is open (as of December 13, 2015).


1976 United States presidential election

The 1976 United States presidential election happened on November 2, 1976. Jimmy Carter, the Democratic candidate and former Governor of Georgia, won the election. He defeated the incumbent president, Gerald Ford, who was a Republican. 

Jimmy Carter won the election by 297 electoral votes, compared to incumbent president Gerald Ford, who received 240 electoral votes. A faithless elector from Washington voted for Ronald Reagan, who would win the 1980 election.

This election followed the resignation of President Richard Nixon in 1974 due to the Watergate scandal. It is the last election to have a Democratic candidate to receive a preferable vote in the American South, which is typically known to be Republican; however, Florida is considered a swing state.

This is the last election where one of the two major candidates is still alive. Jimmy Carter is currently 99 years old, and has been the oldest living former president since George H.W. Bush's death in 2018.

Democratic candidates

Republican candidates

Green Party of Canada

The Green Party of Canada is a federal political party based in Canada. The party holds 2 of 338 seats in the Canadian Parliament.

The party has had both leftist and centrist factions throughout their history. It is currently seen as centrist.

The interim leader of the party is Amita Kuttner. She was voted as leader in November 2021, replacing Annamie Paul.

On 2 May 2011, Elizabeth May was voted in the 2011 Canadian federal election. This made her the first member of the Green Party in history to sit in the House of Commons. On 6 May 2019, Paul Manly was voted in a by-election in the riding of Nanaimo—Ladysmith. He became the second member of the Green Party in history to sit in the House of Commons. In the 2019 Canadian federal election, Jenica Atwin was voted in. She became their first member outside of British Columbia to sit in the House of Commons. On 10 June 2021, Atwin crossed the floor, leaving the Greens to join the Liberals due to internal party disagreements over the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.

Andrea Yates

Andrea Pia Yates (née Andrea Kennedy, July 2, 1964) is a former Houston resident who took the lives of her five children by drowning them in her home's bathtub on Wednesday, June 20, 2001. She was born in Hallsville, Texas. She had been suffering from severe postpartum depression and postpartum psychosis. She was convicted of murder in 2002 and given life in prison; however, that was later overturned on appeal. In July 2006, a Texas jury declared her not guilty by reason of insanity; Yates was then sent to the North Texas State Hospital near Vernon, Texas.

Gaia hypothesis

The Gaia hypothesis, also known as Gaia theory or Gaia principle, named after earth goddess Gaia, proposes that living organisms interact with their nonliving inorganic surroundings on Earth to self-regulate the Earth's environment, a complex system that contributes to maintaining the conditions for life on the planet. The hypothesis was developed in the 1970's by James Lovelock with Lynn Margulis.

Bangladesh Premier League

Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) is a professional Twenty20 cricket league in Bangladesh. The first edition of the tournament started on 10 February 2012 with six franchises consisting of players from around the world.

Dhaka Gladiators were the first champions of the BPL. The Bangladesh Premier League was shown on television internationally through ESPN Star Sports who made agreements to broadcast matches every day. The official channel for the BPL was Channel 9.

Justin Welby

Justin Portal Welby (born 6 January 1956) is the 105th and present Archbishop of Canterbury - the most senior bishop in the Church of England. He replaced Rowan Williams as archbishop in February 2013.

Welby was born at Queen Charlotte's and Chelsea Hospital in London.His early career was in the oil industry but in 1989, he studied for ordination in Durham, England. After several parochial appointments he became the Dean of Liverpool and was appointed as the Bishop of Durham in 2011.

Welby's theology is reported as representing the evangelical tradition within Anglicanism and he has written about the relationship between finance and religion. On 9 November 2012, it was officially announced that Welby would replace Rowan Williams.

There has been revelations as a result of a released DNA test, showing that, he is in fact the son of Winston Churchill's last private secretary. 

In 2018, he talked about how Brexit would be bad for the United Kingdom and how worried he is of its effects.

On 6 May 2023, at the Coronation of Charles III and Camilla, he performed the prayer of ceremory and took St. Edward's Crown from the alter and placed it upon the head of Charles III.

Plan 9

Plan 9 may refer to:


Sattar Bahlulzade

Sattar Bahlulzade (; , – 14 October 1974) was an Azerbaijani painter. He was born in the village of Amirjan, just outside the Azerbaijani capital Baku.

Sattar Bahlulzade is the founder of modern Azerbaijani landscape painting. He began his professional education at the National Art Institute in Baku (1927–1931). In 1933, he went to Moscow to continue his education in the Drawing Department at the Moscow Fine Arts Institute. There he studied in the studio of the Russian painter V. A. Favorsky. During the summer workshops in Crimea, Russian painter G. Shegal saw some of Sattar's sketches and suggested that he study at the institute's Painting Department, which he did.

Though he experimented in many styles of art, his unique talent was landscape painting. At first, he used to paint nature realistically as he had been taught. But soon he developed his own style. In fact, some of his paintings look like photos of the Earth taken from space. Using a combination of pastel colors and bold strokes, he made nature look more colorful and lively, and sometimes even more fantastic, than it did in reality.

Many of his works show different places of Azerbaijan. For example, "Bazarduzu Outskirts" is about Bazarduzu, the highest mountain in Azerbaijan. Other examples are "Old Shamakhi" and "Autumn in Nakhchivan."

Bahlulzade won many prizes for his art. He won the title of Honored Art Worker of the Republic of Azerbaijan in 1960 and was named People's Artist in 1963.

In 1973, Sattar became extremely ill due to blood poisoning and he died in 1974 in Moscow. When Sattar died, he was not buried in the Avenue of the Honored Ones, unlike other famous Azerbaijani people. Instead, according to his will, he was buried in his native village of Amirjan, next to his mother's grave.

Sattar's legacy includes many works that have been shown all over the world, including personal exhibitions in the USA, England, Turkey and Russia.

Most of his works are shown in museums all over Azerbaijan, particularly in the cities like Baku, Ganja and Nakhchivan.

Some of his most famous works are:


1956 United States presidential election

The 1956 United States presidential election happened on November 6, 1956. President Dwight D. Eisenhower won reelection to a second term. He defeated former Governor of Illinois Adlai Stevenson in a rematch of the 1952 presidential election. 

Incumbent president Dwight D. Eisenhower won the election by 457 electoral votes. Adlai Stevenson got 73 electoral votes. Walter Burgwyn Jones got one vote by a faithless elector in Alabama.

This was the last election in which Alaska and Hawaii were not states. 

Eisenhower suffered a heart attack in September 1955 while in Colorado for a vacation. His doctors told him not to run for another election. However, Eisenhower announced his candidacy for re-election on television in early 1956.

Joe Nishimoto

Joe M. Nishimoto (February 21, 1919-November 15, 1944) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Nishimoto was born in California to Japanese immigrant parents. He was a "Nisei", which means that he was a second generation Japanese-American.

He was interned at the Jerome War Relocation Center in Arkansas,

Nishimoto joined the US Army in October 1943.

Nishimoto volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 442nd Regimental Combat Team. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in November 1944, Nishimoto was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Nishimoto's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, his family was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Nishimoto's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in France in 1944. Without help from others, he destroyed three machine gun positions.

The words of Nishimoto's citation explain:
Private First Class Joe M. Nishimoto distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 7 November 1944, near La Houssiere, France. After three days of unsuccessful attempts by his company to dislodge the enemy from a strongly defended ridge, Private First Class Nishimoto, as acting squad leader, boldly crawled forward through a heavily mined and booby-trapped area. Spotting a machine gun nest, he hurled a grenade and destroyed the emplacement. Then, circling to the rear of another machine gun position, he fired his submachine gun at point-blank range, killing one gunner and wounding another. Pursuing two enemy riflemen, Private First Class Nishimoto killed one, while the other hastily retreated. Continuing his determined assault, he drove another machine gun crew from its position. The enemy, with their key strong points taken, were forced to withdraw from this sector. Private First Class Nishimoto's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.



Julia Vial

Julia Beatriz Vial Cuevas (born June 24, 1977 in Santiago) is a Chilean journalist and television presenter.

Julia Vial began her career as a commentator in 2001 on television screens Chilevisión.

In mid-2001 he emigrated to Canal 13, to be part of the television program "Pantalla Abierta".

She was on Canal 13 until the end of 2004, in 2006 emigrated to TV channel La Red, to be the host of "Intrusos" with journalist Gaspar Domínguez (until 2007).

In December 2012, announced in its program output screen "Intrusos" to migrate the morning of La Red "Mañaneros".

Since January 2013, will take over as host of "Mañaneros".

Julia Vial is married to Leopoldo Muñoz, who has a daughter who was born with Down's Syndrome named Julia "Julita" Muñoz Vial.

Wikidata

Wikidata is a wiki that is a database, a collection of data on the internet. The information stored on Wikidata can be used by other websites including Wikipedia. Wikidata is designed so that humans and machines can read it. As of March 2019, it contains more than 55 million items and has 21 thousand active users. For example, it links all the different pages here to other wikis by languages.

Wikidata provides support for Wikipedia, Wikimedia Commons, and other wikis of the Wikimedia movement. Anyone can use it.

Chris Ellis

Chris Ellis (born April 14, 1956) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He was born in Dallas, Texas, and raised in Memphis, Tennessee. His career began in 1979. He is known for his roles in "Days of Thunder", "Apollo 13", "Armageddon", "My Cousin Vinny", and in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Aidan Gillen

Aidan Gillen (born Aidan Murphy; 24 April 1968) is an Irish movie, stage, television, and voice actor who is known for his roles in "Shanghai Knights", "Blitz", "12 Rounds", and "The Dark Knight Rises". His most famous role is probably Petyr Baelish in "Game of Thrones".

Gillen was born on 24 April 1968 in Dublin, Ireland. He studied at St. Vincent's C.B.S. Gillen has been married to Olivia O'Flanagan since 2001. They have two children.

Josh Stewart

Joshua Regnall "Josh" Stewart (born February 6, 1977) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for his roles as Brendan Finney in "Third Watch", as Arkin in "The Collector" and in "The Collection", and as Barsad in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Stewart was born on February 6, 1977 in Diana, West Virginia. He studied at West Virginia Wesleyan College and at West Virginia University. Stewart is married to Deanna Brigidi. They have two children.


Karimganj district

Karimganj District () is an administrative district in the state of Assam in India. The district headquarters are in Karimganj. It is claimed by the peoples of Bangladesh as part of their Sylhet Division.
Bengali and Meitei (Manipuri) are the official languages of Karimganj district of Barak Valley.

Life After People

Life After People was a television show about how would the World look like when all humans disappeared. They show what will happen to the environment, to cities, houses, landmarks, and skyscrapers. The show aired from January 21, 2008 through March 16, 2010. The show was aired in the History Channel.

The show showed what would happen to the Statue of Liberty, the Egyptian pyramids, the Empire State Building, the Willis Tower, the Astrodome, the Space Needle, the Eiffel Tower, the Burj Khalifa, the Golden Gate Bridge, the Gateway Arch, Taipei 101, the USS Constitution, the White House, the Hoover Dam, the Sydney Harbour Bridge, Grant's Tomb, the John Hancock Center, Wrigley Field, Big Ben, 30 St Mary Axe, the Lincoln Memorial, the Chrysler Building, the Washington Monument, Monticello, the United States Capitol, the Library of Congress, St. Peter's Basilica and the Sistine Chapel.


USS Constitution

USS "Constitution" is a wooden, three-masted heavy frigate of the United States Navy. Named by President George Washington after the Constitution of the United States of America, she is the world's oldest commissioned naval vessel afloat.

It was constructed in 1794. It was later launched in 1797, "Constitution" was one of six original frigates authorized for construction by the Naval Act of 1794 and the third constructed. Joshua Humphreys designed the frigates to be the young Navy's capital ships, and so "Constitution" and her sisters were larger and more heavily armed and built than standard frigates of the period. Built in Boston, Massachusetts, at Edmund Hartt's shipyard, her first duties with the newly formed United States Navy were to provide protection for American merchant shipping during the Quasi-War with France and to defeat the Barbary pirates in the First Barbary War.
"Constitution" is most famous for her actions during the War of 1812 against Great Britain, when she captured numerous merchant ships and defeated five British warships: HMS "Guerriere", "Java", "Pictou", "Cyane" and "Levant".

On August 19, 1812, the Constitution and HMS Guerriere fought a battle about 400 miles (650 Km) southeast of Halifax, Nova Scotia. The captains were Isaac Hull of U.S. andJames Richard Dacres of U.K. At around 2:00pm the USS Constitution found the HMS Guerriere, and attacked and damaged the Guerriere. One American officer was killed and another wounded by musket fire. Captain Dacres was also wounded. A shot to the cabin set fire to the USS Constitution. The HMS Guerriere was also severely burned and damaged. While Dacres was preparing to set sail and continue the battle against the Americans, it became obvious that the ship was about to sink. Dacres was asked if he was ready for surrender. He said he didn't know but that they could no longer fight. Later, he surrendered and the HMS Guerriere sank.

The battle with "Guerriere" earned her the nickname of "Old Ironsides" and public adoration that has repeatedly saved her from scrapping. She continued to serve the nation as flagship in the Mediterranean and African squadrons, and circled the world in the 1840s.

During the American Civil War she served as a training ship for the United States Naval Academy and carried artwork and industrial displays to the Paris Exposition of 1878. Retired from active service in 1881, she served as a receiving ship until designated a museum ship in 1907, and in 1934 she completed a three-year, 90-port tour of the nation. "Constitution" sailed under her own power for her 200th birthday in 1997 and again in August 2012, to commemorate the 200th anniversary of her victory over "Guerriere".


Grant's Tomb

General Grant National Memorial or Grant's Tomb is a memorial and resting place of 18th President of the United States and Civil War general Ulysses S. Grant and his wife Julia Grant.

The tomb is in Manhattan, New York City, New York. The tomb was constructed by the United States Congress. The tomb was constructed in 1890 (five years after Grant's death) and was finished on April 22 1897 (Grant's 75th birthday).

In 1902, Julia Grant died and was later buried in the tomb. The tomb was decaying or falling apart and was vandalised during the 1980s until the tomb was fixed and restored in 1994. The tomb was rededicated in April 27, 1997. It was later named an United States National Landmark.


Adlai Stevenson II

Adlai Ewing Stevenson II (February 5, 1900 – July 14, 1965) was an American politician. He ran against Dwight D. Eisenhower in the 1952 and 1956 elections, but he lost both times. He was the grandson of Vice President Adlai E. Stevenson. He was also the 31st Governor of Illinois from 1949 to 1953. He became United States Ambassador to the United Nations from 1961 until his death in 1965.

Stevenson was born in Los Angeles, California to Lewis Stevenson and Helen Davis Stevenson. His maternal great-grandfather Jesse W. Fell was a close friend and campaign manager for Abraham Lincoln. His oldest son Adlai Stevenson III became a United States Senator from Illinois from 1970 until 1981. He grew up in Bloomington, Illinois. He studied at Bloomington High School until his junior year. After that he went at University High School in Normal, Illinois. Then he studied at Princeton University and Northwestern University Law School.

He ran for president six times, in 1940, 1944, 1948, 1952, 1956, and 1960, losing the Democrat primaries to Franklin D. Roosevelt, Harry S. Truman and John F. Kennedy. He also lost the 1952 and 1956 elections to Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower. Stevenson was Governor of Illinois from January 10, 1949-January 12, 1953.

He married Ellen Borden in 1928 and divorced in 1949. Stevenson is a second cousin, once removed of actor McLean Stevenson. His son is former Illinois Senator Adlai Stevenson III.

In 1953, he was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

In 1957 he went back to law practice. He was employed part-time by Encyclopædia Britannica.

Stevenson tried to run for the nomination in the 1960 election. He lost to Senator John F. Kennedy. Stevenson refused to give the nomination address to John F. Kennedy. After Kennedy won the nomination, Stevenson campaigned for him.

He was appointed Ambassador to the United Nations in 1961.

Stevenson's most well-known moments happened during the Cuban Missile Crisis when he gave a presentation at an emergency session of the Security Council on October 25, 1962.

Stevenson suffered a heart attack on the afternoon and died later on July 14, 1965 in London of heart failure. The funeral in Bloomington, Illinois Unitarian Church was attended by President Lyndon B. Johnson and Vice President Hubert Humphrey and Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren.


Allan Ohata

Allan Masaharu Ohata (September 13, 1918 - October 17, 1977) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Ohata was born in Hawaii to Japanese immigrant parents. He was a "Nisei", which means that he was a second generation Japanese-American.

One month before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Ohata joined the US Army in November 1941.

Ohata volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 100th Infantry Battalion. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in November 1943, Ohata was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Ohata's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, his family was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive. According to the story he shared with his brother, "[H]e held a hill by himself and a lot of people died except him. He said the enemy came from both sides, and [at] one point he came from one side and the enemy soldier came from the other end. The only reason he lived was because he saw the guy first."

Ohata's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in central Italy in 1944. With the help of one rifleman, he held back an attack by a large force of enemy soldiers.

The words of Ohata's citation explain:
Sergeant Allan M. Ohata distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 29 and November 30, 1943, near Cerasuolo, Italy. Sergeant Ohata, his squad leader, and three men were ordered to protect his platoons left flank against an attacking enemy force of 40 men, armed with machine guns, machine pistols, and rifles. He posted one of his men, an automatic rifleman, on the extreme left, 15 yards from his own position. Taking his position, Sergeant Ohata delivered effective fire against the advancing enemy. The man to his left called for assistance when his automatic rifle was shot and damaged. With utter disregard for his personal safety, Sergeant Ohata left his position and advanced 15 yards through heavy machine gun fire. Reaching his comrades position, he immediately fired upon the enemy, killing 10 enemy soldiers and successfully covering his comrades withdrawal to replace his damaged weapon. Sergeant Ohata and the automatic rifleman held their position and killed 37 enemy soldiers. Both men then charged the three remaining soldiers and captured them. Later, Sergeant Ohata and the automatic rifleman stopped another attacking force of 14, killing four and wounding three while the others fled. The following day he and the automatic rifleman held their flank with grim determination and staved off all attacks. Staff Sergeant Ohatas extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.



Ville Nieminen

Ville Nieminen (born 6 April 1977 in Tampere, Finland) is a former Finnish professional ice hockey player that currently played for Tappara of the SM-liiga.

Nieminen has also played in the NHL for the Colorado Avalanche, Pittsburgh Penguins, Chicago Blackhawks, Calgary Flames, New York Rangers, San Jose Sharks and St. Louis Blues. He won the Stanley Cup with the Avalanche in the 2000–01 NHL season. Nieminen also won a silver medal with the Finland men's national ice hockey team in the 2006 Winter Olympics.

Mara Wilson

Mara Elizabeth Wilson (born July 24, 1987 in Los Angeles, California) is an American actress and playwright. She was born in Los Angeles. 

She currently acts on stage and has participated in voices in series and the web. She is best known for her acting in movies when she was a child. Her best known movies include "Mrs. Doubtfire" (1993), "Matilda" (1996) and Lily Stone in "Thomas and the Magic Railroad" (2000). She came out as bisexual in June 2016.

Heather (given name)

Heather [ he"th"-er ] is a female first name. It is based around "heather", the English word for a variety of shrubs having pink and white flowers. The name Heather has a simple meaning, which is "a plant that always blooms and stays green." It comes from the Old English word "haeth," which means "an area with no trees or plants" or "a deserted land." This plant is famous for its ability to survive in tough conditions, and people often connect it with toughness and endurance. Additionally, the name Heather is related to the color purple, which is the same color as the flowers of the plant. Purple is commonly linked with richness, extravagance, and refinement. There are many famous people having the name. They include Heather Locklear, Heather Tom, Heather Thomas and Heather Matarazzo.


Converter

Converter may refer to:


Alberta Williams King

Alberta Christine Williams King (September 13, 1904 – June 30, 1974) was the mother of Martin Luther King, Jr.. She was married to Martin Luther King, Sr. for 58 years.

She had an important part in the activities of the Ebenezer Baptist Church. The church is now a part of the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historic Site. She was shot and killed in the church six years after the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr.

Alberta Christine Williams was born on September 13, 1904 in Atlanta, Georgia. Her father was Reverend Adam Daniel Williams. He was then the pastor of the Ebenezer Baptist Church. Jennie Celeste (Parks) Williams was her mother. She earned a teaching certificate at the Hampton Normal and Industrial Institute in 1924. Later the college name became just Hampton University.

Williams met Martin Luther King, Sr. right before she left for school at Hampton. After graduating, she and King got formally engaged at the Ebenezer Baptist Church. She taught for a short time before their Thanksgiving Day wedding in 1926. She then had to quit because married female teachers were not allowed at that time. Martin Luther King Jr. was born on January 15, 1929. He was one of their three children.

Alberta King's mother died on May 18, 1941 of a heart attack. The King family later moved to a large yellow brick house three blocks away. Alberta was president of the Ebenezer Women's Committee from 1950 to 1962. She was also a talented musician who became the choir organist and director at Ebenezer. This may have been the reason her son was interested in Black music and art. By the end of this time, Martin Luther King Sr. and Jr. were sharing the role of pastors of the church.

On June 30, 1974, King was shot dead in a church by a 23-year-old man while she was playing the organ in Atlanta, Georgia. She died six years after the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., aged 69.


Coretta Scott King

Coretta Scott King (April 27, 1927 – January 30, 2006) was an American author, activist, and civil rights leader. She was the widow of Martin Luther King, Jr.. Scott King helped lead the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s.
Scott King played an important role in the years after her husband's 1968 assassination when she took on the leadership of the struggle for racial equality herself and became active in the Women's Movement.

Scott King was born on April 27, 1927 in Heiberger, Alabama. She studied at Lincoln Normal School and at Antioch College.

King was married to Martin Luther King, Jr. from 1953 until his death in 1968. They had four children:
Dexter Scott King; Yolanda King; Bernice Albertine King and Martin Luther King III

King was in a hospital in Rosarito Beach, Mexico after she had a stroke and had ovarian cancer. She died on January 30, 2006 in the hospital from a stroke and respiratory failure, aged 78.


Elles

Elles is a 2011 erotic French drama movie. Juliette Binoche plays a journalist named Anne. "Elles" is about female student prostitution. This movie had an NC-17 rating because of explicit sexual content. The NC-17 rating was later surrendered. The movie was released unrated on DVD and Blu-ray disc.

Aokigahara

Aokigahara is a forest at the northwest base of Mount Fuji in Japan. The forest is known to be quiet because of the absence of wildlife and the wind-blocking density of the trees that are in it. A number of rocky, icy caverns are in the forest and some of them are popular tourist destinations. Demons in Japanese mythology are associated with the forest.

It is known as a popular suicide spot and is reportedly the most popular in Japan. It also ranks as the second in the world after San Francisco's Golden Gate Bridge. There are signs in the forest in both Japanese and English that try to persuade people not to commit suicide. The forest is said to be haunted by the Yūrei (angry spirits) that were left to die. People that go there to take their life usually tie a thread when entering so that if they change their mind and want to make it out alive can locate their path but nobody has ever came out

Breaking Bad

Breaking Bad is an American television series set in Albuquerque, New Mexico. It started in January 2008. The show was broadcast across Canada and the United States on cable channel AMC. It has won 10 Emmy Awards. "Breaking Bad" ended in September 2013. Bryan Cranston plays the main role, Walter White. There are five seasons and 62 episodes. It is about a chemistry teacher who is told he has lung cancer and starts making the illegal drug methamphetamine to pay for his family's needs after he dies. "Breaking Bad" was made by Vince Gilligan. It is considered one of the greatest television series of all time.


Margaret Purves

Margaret Purves GC (25 November 1934 - 13 September 2021), formerly Margaret Vaughan, was a British nurse. She is best known for receiving the George Cross for an act of bravery when she was only 14 years old.

Margaret Vaughan was born in Cardiff, Wales. Her father James Boswell Vaughan was Chief Superitendent of Cardiff City Police and her mother was Dorothy May Vaughan (nee Powditch)

In 1949, Vaughan was awarded the Albert Medal because she saved a Boy Scout and his leader from a rough sea off the coast of Cardiff. The Albert Medal is now replaced with the George Cross. In 1974 the Albert medal was exchanged before the Queen at Buckingham Palace.
Notice of the award was published in the "London Gazette" on 1 November 1949. She became one of the few living s of the Albert Medal.

When she married, she changed her name to Purves. She married John Watt Purves, Captain in REME. They met while she was a
Serving nurse in the QA's in Hanover, Germany. Margaret served
With the QA's in Nairobi and Mauritius prior to this having trained at the Royal London Hospital. She had 3 children. Alison Fiona(1962) Rebecca (1963) and James (1965)

Margaret Purves was an Army nurse serving as an officer in the Queen Alexandra Royal Nusing Corps. After meeting Capt. John Watt Purves in a hospital bed in Hanover -
Due to a broken rib after a rugby match -
They married
Within 6 months at Llandaff Cathedral and Cardiff Castle.
She lived in Singapore. Canada, UK , Belgium and Germany while he was husband served in the British Army. Whilst in the UK she was the editor of The Craftsman magazine,
Well known to REME

Purves' George Cross was given because of an act of bravery when she was a young girl.

She received his decoration from King George VI at Buckingham Palace. The words of her citation explain:
On May 28th, 1949, a party of Scouts, aged between 11 and 15 years, visiting Sully Island were cut off by the rising tide from a causeway which led to the mainland. Most of the boys got safely across, but two of them were forced off the causeway by the strong tide. The leader of the party returned to help the elder boy but in the struggle he too became exhausted. Margaret Vaughan (aged 14 years) saw from the beach the difficulties they were in. She undressed and swam towards them over a distance of some 30 yards in cold, rough water and against strong currents due to the rising tide. On reaching them she towed the boy to the shore while he supported himself by grasping the straps of her costume and his leader's coat. At about ten feet from the shore a life belt was thrown in which the boy was placed by the other two and the three reached the shore safely. Margaret Vaughan's action probably saved the life of the Scout leader as well as that of the elder boy.
Meanwhile, John Howard Davies (aged 13 years) had safely reached the mainland when he saw that his friend, who was unable to swim, was being forced away from the causeway into deep water. He stripped to the waist and went back along the causeway to help him. By swimming out he was able to grasp his friend, and hold him up in the water. Both boys shouted for help and it was obvious that they would not get ashore unaided. By this time a rescue boat had put out from the shore but Davies became exhausted by his efforts and before the boat could reach them he was forced to release his hold on his friend and they drifted apart. The boat rescued the friend but no further sign of Davies was seen. His body was subsequently recovered. There is no doubt that in returning to the aid of his friend after he himself had reached safety Davies gave his life in this rescue attempt.


1952 United States presidential election

The 1952 United States presidential election happened on November 4, 1952. This election was between Governor of Illinois Adlai Stevenson and General Dwight D. Eisenhower. Eisenhower won the election by 442 electoral votes. Adlai Stevenson got only 89 electoral votes.

Incumbent President Harry S. Truman was eligible to run again because the newly passed 22nd amendment did not apply to the incumbent president at that time. Truman chose not to run, so the Democratic Party nominated Adlai Stevenson. 

Eisenhower was 62 when he won the election. This was the first time an older candidate was elected since James Buchanan was elected in 1856 at 65, something that wouldn't happen again until 69-year old Ronald Reagan won the 1980 election. 

Democratic candidates:
Barkley was 74 years old and not accepted by labor union leaders because of his age. 

Truman's running mate was going to be Senator Estes Kefauver, but he did not choose to run in the election. Truman's presidential disapproval rating was 66% at the end of his presidential term.

Republican candidates:

Election results in these states were less than or ten percentage points. Colors represent the winning party, using the present-day convention in which red indicates Republican and blue indicates Democrat.



Bill Apiata

Bill Henry "Willie" Apiata VC (born 28 June 1972-  ) is a New Zealand soldier. He is best known for receiving the Victoria Cross because of his actions in the war in Afghanistan.

Apiata was born in Mangakino, New Zealand. He is Maori

Apiata was a soldier in the New Zealand Special Air Service (NZSAS). For his actions in July 2004, Apiata became the first New Zealand soldier to be awarded the Victoria Cross since World War II. He is the 22nd New Zealander to receive the honour since 1856. He is the first to be conferred with the Victoria Cross for New Zealand which was established in 1999.

He became one of the very few living holders of the Victoria Cross.

Apiata's Victoria Cross recognized his conduct in fighting in Afghanistan.

In a 2004 firefight, a grenade explosion blew Apiata off the bonnet of his vehicle. At the same time, two other soldiers were wounded by shrapnel. Apiata carried the more seriously wounded solder to safety. Then he rejoined the fighting.

The words of Apiata's citation explain:
In total disregard of his own safety, Lance Corporal Apiata stood up and lifted his comrade bodily. He then carried him across the seventy metres of broken, rocky and fire swept ground, fully exposed in the glare of battle to heavy enemy fire and into the face of returning fire from the main Troop position. That neither he nor his colleague were hit is scarcely possible. Having delivered his wounded companion to relative shelter with the remainder of the patrol, Lance Corporal Apiata re-armed himself and rejoined the fight in counter-attack.


Jean-Claude Van Damme

Jean-Claude Camille François Van Varenberg (; ; born 18 October 1960), known professionally as Jean-Claude Van Damme (; ), is a Belgian martial artist, actor, and filmmaker. Nicknamed "The Muscles from Brussels", he is widely regarded as an icon of action and martial arts cinema. Van Damme's films have grossed over $1 billion worldwide, making him one of the most successful action stars of all time.

Born and raised in Brussels, his father enrolled him in a Shotokan karate school at the age of ten, which led Van Damme to earn his black belt in karate at the age of eighteen, and the rank of 2nd-dan black belt. He competed in several karate and kickboxing competitions, and was a member of the Belgium Karate Team when it won the European Karate Championship on 26 December 1979. At the age of 16, he took up ballet, which he studied for five years. He started lifting weights to improve his physique, which eventually led to a Mr. Belgium bodybuilding title in 1978. In 1979, he opened a gym called ""California Gym"" in Brussels. Among his acting heroes growing up were Charles Bronson, Bruce Lee, James Dean, Montgomery Clift, Steve McQueen, Jean-Paul Belmondo, and Sylvester Stallone.

With the desire of becoming an actor, he moved to the United States in 1982, where he did a variety of jobs and worked on several films, until he got his break as the lead in the martial arts film "Bloodsport" (1988). The film introduced his trademark splits and spinning 360˚ heel kick to an American audience. Van Damme became a popular action film star and followed up with commercially successful films such as "Cyborg" (1989), "Kickboxer" (1989), "Lionheart" (1990), "Death Warrant" (1990), "Double Impact" (1991), "Universal Soldier" (1992), "Nowhere to Run" (1993), "Hard Target" (1993), "Timecop" (1994), "Street Fighter" (1994), "Sudden Death" (1995), "The Quest" (1996), which marked his directorial debut, and "Maximum Risk" (1996). At the height of his career, he was one of the biggest action movie stars in the world, and one of the most successful martial arts actors of the 1980s and 1990s, alongside Steven Seagal.
Van Damme was also considered a sex symbol. 

During the late 1990’s and early 2000’s, his popularity declined. He mostly appeared in limited theatrical releases or direct-to-video films. During this time, he starred in "Replicant" (2001), for which he was nominated for a Video Premiere Award for Best Actor. The film is considered the best outing from within Van Damme’s direct-to-video career. He returned to prominence with the critically acclaimed crime drama "JCVD" (2008). After "JCVD", he began mixing things up, starring in comedies, and voicing kids animations, all the while keeping the action going. His big return to the action genre was in "The Expendables 2" (2012), in which he starred as the villain, opposite Sylvester Stallone. From thereon Van Damme continued starring in action films and doing extensive voice work. He also starred in the action comedy-drama streaming television series "Jean-Claude Van Johnson" (2016–2017).

He was married to Maria Rodriguez from 1980 until they divorced in 1984. Then he was married to Cynthia Derderian from 1985 until they divorced in 1986. Then he was married to Darcy LaPier from 1994 until they divorced in 1997. Then he was married to Gladys Portugues from 1987 until they divorced in 1992; they remarried in 1999. He has three children. In 2022, he was living in Hong Kong. Van Damme has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.


United Liberation Front of Assam

The United Liberation Front of Assam is a separatist group from Assam, among many other such groups in North-east India. It seeks to establish a sovereign Assam via an armed struggle in the Assam conflict.

Tamil Nadu Liberation Army

The Tamil Nadu Liberation Army (TNLA) is a small militant separatist movement in Tamil Nadu. It seeks an independent nation for the Tamil people. It began about 1985 as the military part of the Tamil Nadu Communist Party Marxist-Lenisist. It began a campaign of murders and bombings which it said were aimed at enemies of the people. They always put up posters to explain their reasons for these attacks. The leader of the group, Thamizharasan, was killed when he and a small group tried to rob a bank in Ponparappi. 

Their next leader, known as Lenin, increased the number of members in the group. They began to bomb police stations and steal police weapons. Lenin was killed when one of his bombs exploded while being taken to an attack on a police station in 1994. The group took a movie actor, Dr. Rajkumar, prisoner in July 2000.

The TNLA is believed to get support from the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam. The TNLA was listed as a terrorist organization in 2002 by the government of Tamil Nadu. The TNLA has said it wants a Greater Tamil Homeland which would include all of Tamil Nadu, the Laccadive Islands, Minicoy Island, the 'Tamil Eelam' in Sri Lanka, the Maldives, Malaysia, Singapore, and Mauritius.

John Sparkman

John Jackson Sparkman (December 20, 1899 - November 16, 1985) was an American politician from Alabama. He ran in the 1952 United States Presidential election.

Dolph Lundgren

Dolph Lundgren (born Hans Lundgren on November 3, 1957) is a Swedish actor, martial artists, and director who is known for his roles in "Universal Soldier", "Universal Soldier Day of Reckoning", "Rocky IV", "The Expendables", "The Expendables 2" and in "The Expendables 3". He is notable for playing the Soviet boxer Ivan Drago in Rocky IV.

Lundgren played King Nereus in the DC Comics-Warner Bros. movie "Aquaman" (2018).

Lundgren was born on November 3, 1957 in Spånga, Stockholm, Sweden. He studied at Washington State University and at Clemson University. Lundgren was married to Annette Qviberg from 1994 until they separated in 2011. They have 2 daughters. Lundgren lives in Los Angeles, California.

In May 2023, Lundgren revealed that he had been diagnosed with lung cancer in 2015.


Estes Kefauver

Carey Estes Kefauver (July 26, 1903 – August 10, 1963) was an American politician from Tennessee. He was the Vice Presidential running mate in the 1956 election. He ran for President of the United States in the 1952.

Kefauver was born in Madisonville, Tennessee, to Robert Cooke Kefauver and Phredonia Bradford (née Estes). Robert Kefauver was a hardware manager. Estes attended the University of Tennessee from 1922 to 1924, receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree and being initiated into the Kappa Sigma Fraternity. After a year of teaching mathematics and coaching football at a Hot Springs, Arkansas, high school, he attended Yale Law School, where he received a LL.B. "cum laude" in 1927. The next twelve years Kefauver practiced law in Chattanooga, first with the firm of Cooke, Swaney & Cooke, as a partner in Sizer, Chambliss & Kefauver, and later in the firm of Duggan, McDonald, & Kefauver. In 1935 he married Nancy Pigott, who is from Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom, whom he had met during her visit to relatives in Chattanooga, Tennessee. They had four children, one of them was adopted. Mrs. Kefauver died in 1967.

He was aroused by his role as attorney for the "Chattanooga News", Kefauver became interested in local politics and sought election to the Tennessee Senate in 1938. He lost but in 1939 spent two months as Finance and Taxation Commissioner under the newly-elected governor Prentice Cooper. When Congressman Sam D. McReynolds of Tennessee's 3rd district, which included Chattanooga, died in 1939, Kefauver was elected to succeed him in the House.

Muslim United Liberation Tigers of Assam

The Muslim United Liberation Tigers of Assam (MULTA) is an Islamist extremist organization founded around 1996 in the North-east Indian state of Assam. MULTA wants Muslims to be represented is the state government legislature. It has about 1000 members who have declared a jihad against the Indian Government. 

Estelle Reiner

Estelle Reiner (née Lebost; June 5, 1914 – October 25, 2008) was an American actress, comedian, and singer. She was best known known for her roles in "When Harry Met Sally", "Fatso", and in "To Be or Not to Be". She was the mother of Rob Reiner and the wife of Carl Reiner.

Reiner was born Estelle Lebost on June 5, 1914 in The Bronx, New York. She studied at James Monroe High School.

She was married to Carl Reiner from 1943 until her death in 2008. They had three children.

Reiner died from natural causes at her home in Beverly Hills, California on October 25, 2008, aged 94.


History of Punjab

In 1947, the Punjab Province of British Raj was divided along religious lines into West Punjab and East Punjab. The western part was given to Pakistan while the eastern part to India. This led to massive rioting as both sides committed atrocities against fleeing refugees. This due to the British East India Company during 20th centuries which caused hierarchies between Hindu, Muslim and Sikhs.

Newtown, Connecticut

Newtown is a town in the western area of Connecticut, near Danbury. The town was founded in 1705.

Qilin

The Qilin (Chinese: 麒麟; pinyin: qílín; Wade-Giles: ch'i-lin) is a mythical hooved Chinese chimerical creature and is said to appear with the imminent arrival or passing of a wise sage or an illustrious ruler.

A qilin has a single horn on its forehead, a yellow belly, a multicoloured back, the hooves of a horse, the body of a deer, and the tail of an ox. Gentle of disposition, it never walks on verdant grass or eats living vegetation.

The first qilin is said to have appeared in the garden of the legendary Huangdi (Yellow Emperor) in 2697 bc. Some three centuries later a pair of qilin were reported in the capital of Emperor Yao. Both events bore testimony to the benevolent nature of the rulers.

The advent of a great sage was made known when a qilin appeared to the pregnant mother of Confucius (6th century bc). The qilin thereupon coughed up an inscribed jade tablet that foretold the future greatness of the unborn child. The death of Confucius was foreshadowed when a qilin was injured by a charioteer.

In 1414 a live giraffe was brought to China for the first time and presented as a qilin to the Ming emperor Yongle. The tough old warrior, seeing through the intended flattery, curtly remarked that he certainly was no sage and the animal was certainly no qilin. In Japanese, a giraffe is called kirin, but the characters are those for qilin.

Jesse

Jesse was the father of King David. He is in the Book of Ruth as Ruth's future grandson (chapter 4 verse 17). He is also in the First Book of Samuel and sends David to meet with his brothers before David kills Goliath. Jesse is also mentioned in the Gospel of Matthew 1:6 as an ancestor of Jesus.

Industrial Workers of the World

The Industrial Workers of the World, or IWW, is a world-wide radical labor union. Members of the IWW are often called "Wobblies".

The IWW was started in 1905 in Chicago, Illinois, USA at a big meeting of many unions. For its first few decades, the IWW had many thousands of members who led many of the most important fights against bosses. The United States government and other unions often worked together to enforce more conservative labor relations. Partly because this happened membership dropped and there were few members for many years after. Today the IWW has grown back to a few thousand workers and has members in most continents of the world.

The IWW pushed many unique ideas when it started. It disliked the American Federation of Labor's way of splitting workers by what kind of work they did even if they worked on the same job. Instead, it believed that all workers should organize together in "one big union" in their industry and as workers altogether. The IWW also focused less on winning contracts and more on giving workers more power against bosses on any job they work at.

The IWW believes that workers themselves should have control over their work, as opposed to bosses. In that regard, they are anti-capitalist. The preamble of the IWW's constitution begins, "The working class and the employing class have nothing in common."

John Donne

John Donne (1572-1631) was a British metaphysical poet. He wrote love poems and sonnets but later in his life became religious and wrote many Christian poems. He was also Dean of St Paul's Cathedral and was the author of many sermons.

His famous poems include A valediction forbidding mourning, Batter My Heart, The Sun Rising and Good Friday, riding westward.

The book, "Devotions upon Emergent Occasions" (1624) has meditations and prayers. One of these meditations, , has the famous phrases "No man is an island" and "...for whom the "bell" tolls". (The words of the original book, used the phrase "No man is an "Iland"", but the phrase has often been published with modern spelling (of those words).

Flat feet

The term flat feet (also called a fallen arch) is a medical condition in which human foot arches are very low or the entire sole of the human foot is touching the ground. Flat feet in children may become regular arches later on. Adults with this condition may have problems involving arch development. 

The opposite, less common condition is called high arch.

Metaphysical poets

The metaphysical poets are a group of English poets known for long difficult metaphors. John Donne is perhaps the most famous. Although their work was not popular in some periods, thanks to writers like T. S. Eliot their value to English literature seems mostly recognised these days.


Carrie (2013 movie)

Carrie is an American teen horror movie. It is set in Maine and was released on 18 October 2013. It is a remake of the 1976 movie of the same name. It had previously been remade in 2002. Starring in this are Chloë Grace Moretz, Julianne Moore and Judy Greer; Moretz plays Carrie White. Moore plays Carrie's mother Margaret White in this 2013 adaptation.

Gustavo Ayon

Gustavo Ayon (b. 1 April 1985) was a Mexican former NBA basketball player. He was born in Tepic, Mexico. He used to play for the Orlando Magic.

Zach Zarba

Zachary "Zach" Zarba (b April 29, 1975) is a referee in the NBA. He was born in New York, New York. He went to SUNY at New Paltz.

Ben Hansbrough

Ben Hansbrough (b. December 23, 1987) is a rookie NBA basketball player signed as a free agent with the Indiana Pacers. He went to the University of Notre Dame. He was born in Poplar Bluff, Missouri.

Thomas Cranmer

Thomas Cranmer (1489-1556) was an Archbishop of Canterbury and one of the founders of the Church of England under Henry VIII. He helped the king to get rid of Catherine of Aragon and wrote the Book of Common Prayer. He was killed by Mary I of England when he refused to return to Catholicism.

He was born in Nottinghamshire and died in Oxford.

Kim Hughes

Kim Spencer Hughes GC (born 12 September 1979) is a British Army soldier. He is best known for receiving the George Cross because of his actions in the war in Afghanistan.

Hughes was born in Munster, Germany. His father was serving in the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers. His family returned to England in 1985; and they lived in Weston-super-Mare. In 1988, he moved to Telford.

Hughes joined the Royal Logistic Corps (RLC). He was awarded the George Cross because he made safe over 80 improvised explosive devices in Afghanistan. 

Notice of the award was published in the "London Gazette" on 19 March 2010. He became one of the very few living s of the George Cross.

Hughes' George Cross recognized his conduct in fighting in Afghanistan in 2010. He carried out "the single most outstanding act of explosive ordnance disposal ever recorded in Afghanistan".

Hughes received his decoration from Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace. The words of Hughes' citation explain:
On 16 Aug 09, Staff Sergeant Hughes, a High Threat Improvised Explosive Device Disposal (IEDD) operator, along with a Royal Engineers Search Team (REST), was tasked to provide close support to the 2 RIFLES Battlegroup during an operation to clear a route, south west of Sangin.In preparation for the operation, elements of A Company deployed early to secure an Emergency Helicopter Landing Site and isolate compounds to the south of the route as part of the inner cordon.Whilst conducting these preliminary moves the point section initiated a Victim Operated IED (VOIED) resulting in a very serious casualty.During the casualty recovery that followed, the stretcher-bearers initiated a second VOIED that resulted in two personnel being killed outright and four other very serious casualties, one of whom later died from his wounds.The area was effectively an IED minefield, over-watched by the enemy and the section were stranded within it. Hughes and his team were called into this harrowing and chaotic situation to extract the casualties and recover the bodies.
Speed was absolutely essential if further lives were not to be lost.Without specialist protective clothing in order to save time, Hughes set about clearing a path to the injured, providing constant reassurance that help was on its way.On reaching the first badly injured soldier he discovered a further VOIED within one metre of the casualty that, given their proximity, constituted a grave and immediate threat to the lives of all the casualties.Without knowing the location of the power source, but acutely attuned to the lethal danger he was facing and the overriding need to get medical attention to the casualties rapidly, Hughes calmly carried out manual neutralisation of the device; any error would have proved instantly fatal.This was a ‘Category A’ action only conducted in one of two circumstances; a hostage scenario where explosives have been strapped to an innocent individual and a mass casualty event where not taking action is certain to result in further casualties.Both place the emphasis on saving other peoples’ lives even, if necessary, at the expense of the operator. It was an extraordinary act. With shots keeping the enemy at bay, Hughes coolly turned his attention to reaching the remaining casualties and retrieving the dead.Clearing a path forward he discovered two further VOIEDs and, twice more, carried out manual neutralisation. His utterly selfless action enabled all the casualties to be extracted and the bodies recovered.Even at this stage Hughes’ task was not finished. The Royal Engineers Search Team (REST) had detected a further four VOIEDs in the immediate area and stoically, like he has on over 80 other occasions in the last five months, he set about disposing of them too.Dealing with any form of IED is dangerous; to deal with seven VOIEDs linked in a single circuit, in a mass casualty scenario, using manual neutralisation techniques once, never mind three times, is the single most outstanding act of explosive ordnance disposal ever recorded in Afghanistan.That he did it without the security of specialist protective clothing serves even more to demonstrate his outstanding gallantry. Hughes is unequivocally deserving of the highest level of public recognition.


Matsumoto Yamaga FC

The club was founded in 1965.




Christopher Finney

Christopher Finney GC (born 23 May 1984) is a British soldier. He is best known for receiving the rare George Cross because of his actions in the Iraq War.

Finney was born in Brussels, Belgium. He grew up in Marple, Greater Manchester. His family moved to Wimborne in Dorset where he joined the Dorset Army Cadet Force at the age of 13.

In 2000, he joined the British Army. In 2002, he became part of the Household Cavalry Regiment at Windsor. His name was recommended the George Cross because of bravery under attack from a pair of American aircraft in a friendly fire event.

Notice of the award was published in the "London Gazette" on 30 October 2003. He became one of the very few living s of the George Cross.

Hughes' George Cross recognized his conduct in fighting in Iraq in 2003. He showed "clearheaded courage and devotion to his comrades which was out of all proportion to his age and experience. Acting with complete disregard for his own safety even when wounded,".

Hughes received his decoration from Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace. The words of Hughes' citation explain:
On 28 March 2003, D Squadron Household Cavalry Regiment were probing forward along the Shatt Al Arab waterway, north of Basrah, some thirty kilometres ahead of the main force of 16 Air Assault Brigade. In exposed desert, their mission was to find and interdict the numerically vastly superior, and better equipped, Iraqi 6th Armoured Division.

Trooper Finney, a young armoured vehicle driver with less than a year's service, was driving the leading Scimitar vehicle of his troop, which had been at the forefront of action against enemy armour for several hours. In the early afternoon, the two leading vehicles paused beside a levee to allow the troop leader to assess fully the situation in front. Without warning, they were engaged by a pair of Coalition Forces ground attack aircraft. Both vehicles were hit and caught fire, and ammunition began exploding inside the turrets. Trooper Finney managed to get out of his driving position and was on the way towards cover when he noticed that his vehicle's gunner was trapped in the turret. He then climbed onto the fiercely burning vehicle, at the same time placing himself at risk from enemy fire, as well as fire from the aircraft should they return. Despite the smoke and flames and exploding ammunition, he managed to haul out the injured gunner, get him off the vehicle, and move him to a safer position not far away, where he bandaged his wounds.

The troop officer, in the other Scimitar, had been wounded and there were no senior ranks to take control. Despite his relative inexperience, the shock of the attack and the all-too-obvious risk to himself, Trooper Finney recognised the need to inform his headquarters of the situation. He therefore broke cover, returned to his vehicle which was still burning, and calmly and concisely sent a lucid situation report by radio. He then returned to the injured gunner and began helping him towards a Spartan vehicle of the Royal Engineers which had moved forward to assist.

At this point, Trooper Finney noticed that both the aircraft were lining up for a second attack. Notwithstanding the impending danger, he continued to help his injured comrade towards the safety of the Spartan vehicle. Both aircraft fired their cannon and Trooper Finney was wounded in the buttocks and legs, and the gunner in the head. Despite his wounds, Trooper Finney succeeded in getting the gunner to the waiting Spartan. Then, seeing that the driver of the second Scimitar was still in the burning vehicle, Trooper Finney determined to rescue him as well. Despite his wounds and the continuing danger from exploding ammunition, he valiantly attempted to climb up onto the vehicle, but was beaten back by the combination of heat, smoke and exploding ammunition. He collapsed exhausted a short distance from the vehicle, and was recovered by the crew of the Royal Engineers' Spartan.

During these attacks and their horrifying aftermath, Trooper Finney displayed clear-headed courage and devotion to his comrades which was out of all proportion to his age and experience. Acting with complete disregard for his own safety even when wounded, his bravery was of the highest order throughout.


Ronnie Lott

Ronald Mandel "Ronnie" Lott (born May 8, 1959) is a former American college and professional football player. He played as a cornerback, free safety, and strong safety in the National Football League (NFL) for fifteen years during the 1980s and 1990s. Lott played college football for the University of Southern California. He was a first-round pick in the 1981 NFL Draft. Lott played for the San Francisco 49ers, Los Angeles Raiders, New York Jets, and Kansas City Chiefs of the NFL. Lott was made a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2000. He is considered one of the best defensive backs in NFL history.

Lott graduated from the University of Southern California in 1981 with a degree in public administration. While playing for USC (1977–1980), he played in the 1979 and 1980 Rose Bowls.

After college, Lott was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the first round of the 1981 NFL Draft. In his first season, he recorded seven interceptions and helped the 49ers to win Super Bowl XVI. He was only the second rookie in NFL history to return three interceptions for touchdowns. His finish second for Rookie of the Year honors, behind New York Giants linebacker Lawrence Taylor.

Lott switched to the safety position in 1985. He had the end of his left pinky finger removed after the 1985 season because it was crushed while playing. A 1986 injury made him not play that season's last two games. He still had 10 interceptions. This was the most in the league and his personal best. In his 10 years with the 49ers, Lott helped them win four Super Bowls: XVI (1981), XIX (1984), XXIII (1988), and XXIV (1989). 

After his career with San Francisco, played for the Los Angeles Raiders, the New York Jets and the Kansas City Chiefs before returning to San Francisco where he retired. He was made a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2000. 

In his 14 NFL seasons, Lott had 8.5 sacks and 63 interceptions. He had five touchdowns from interceptions. He recovered 17 fumbles, returned them for 43 yards. Lott was named All-Pro eight times, All-NFC six times, and All-AFC once.

Lott was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He now lives in Cupertino, California, with his wife, Karen, and his children, Hailey, Isaiah, and Chloe. He now manages $2.4 billion in investments and owns both Toyota and Mercedes-Benz car dealerships. He opened World Sports Cafe in Fresno, California. Lott is the father of former Tampa Bay Buccaneers linebacker Ryan Nece.


Jesus College, Cambridge

Jesus College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was created in 1496. It took over buildings from a nunnery (a place where nuns live), including the chapel which was called Jesus Chapel. Because of this it still looks more like a monastery than a college. It has very big gardens and is one of the largest colleges in Cambridge with more than 700 students. 

Some very famous people have studied here, for example Thomas Cranmer, Samuel Taylor Coleridge and Laurence Sterne.


Lucy Cavendish College, Cambridge

Lucy Cavendish College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was created in 1956. It only has students which are both women and over 21. This can include postgraduates and undergraduates who are older than usual. It was built by women within the university who thought that women were not treated fairly in Cambridge. At the time in fact most colleges were still for men only. The name comes from Lucy Cavendish (1841-1925), who was very important in making reforms to give more education to women.

Lucy Cavendish is quite a small college with about 350 total students. Some famous people have been given honorary fellowships from the college, which is a title to show that they have done something important for the role of women. For example, Judi Dench and Margrethe II of Denmark were given this title.


Magdalene College, Cambridge

Magdalene College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was created in 1428 as Buckingham College, a Benedictine hostel. In 1542 this was changed, taking the name from the city of magda. It was built over many years thanks to money given by many different important people, such as the Dukes of Norfolk and Buckingham. Today, it has about 600 students.

The most famous person to have studied here is Samuel Pepys. He was an influential Member of Parliament. When he died, he gave lots of books to the college. The library in Magdalene, which is very old and beautiful, is named after him (the Pepys Library). Magdalene is one of the colleges that keeps many old traditions. It was the last one in Cambridge to allow women to study there: this only happened in 1988. 


Get Up Stand Up

"Get Up Stand Up" is a reggae song by Bob Marley. It was released in 1973. It is about rebellion. It lasts 3 minutes and 16 seconds. It was written by Bob Marley and Peter Tosh. It was produced by Chris Blackwell and The Wailers. It is from the album "Burnin'".

In "Get Up Stand Up", Bob Marley opens people's eyes ("Now you see the light"). It's about how appearances can fool the people ("half the story has never been told"). In the song, Bob Marley believes that the society controls the people. The song is a message of rebellion. He promotes the Rastafari culture.

List of Matsumoto Yamaga FC players

The List of Matsumoto Yamaga FC players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Matsumoto Yamaga F.C. is a Japanese professional football club in Mastumoto in Nagano Prefecture.




Matsumoto, Nagano

It has been recognized as a special city since 2000.

Matsumoto was the capital of Shinano Province during the Edo period.



Kwangmyŏngsŏng-3 Unit 2

The Kwangmyŏngsŏng-3 Unit 2 is North Korea's first orbital satellite. It was launched on December 12, 2012. It replaced the Unit 1 that failed to orbit on April 13, 2012. It weighs almost 220 pounds. It is used to collect Korea's weather data, estimate crop yields, and gather data about the country's forest coverage. Its planned lifespan is only two years.

Derek Kinne

Derek Godfrey Kinne GC (11 January 1930 – 6 February 2018) was a British soldier. He is best known for receiving the George Cross because of his actions in the Korean War. 

Kinne was born in Nottingham and raised in Leeds.

In 1950, he joined the Royal Northumberland Fusiliers. He was taken prisoner by the North Koreans on 25 April 1951. He was not released until 10 August 1953. His name was His name was recommended for the George Cross because of his actions during the time he was a prisoner of war. According to Lord Ashcroft, he arguably went through more suffering that any of the 159 individuals to have been awarded the George Cross.

Notice of his award was published in the "London Gazette" on 9 April 1954. He became one of the very few living s of the George Cross.

Kinne' George Cross recognized his endurance as a military prisoner who was held in Korea in 1951-1953. 
Hughes received his decoration from Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace. The words of Hughes' citation explain:

In August, 1950, Fusilier KINNE volunteered for service in Korea. He joined the 1st Battalion, The Royal Northumberland Fusiliers, and was captured by Chinese Communist forces on the 25th April, 1951, the last day of the Imjin River battle. From then on he had only two objects in mind; firstly to escape, and secondly by his contempt for his captors and their behaviour, and his utter disregard for the treatment meted out to him, to raise the morale of his fellow prisoners. The treatment which he received during his period of captivity is summarised in the
succeeding paragraphs.

Fusilier KINNE escaped for the first time within 24 hours of capture but was retaken a few days later while attempting to regain our own lines. Eventually he rejoined a large group of (prisoners being marched North to prison camps, and despite the hardships of this march, which lasted a month, rapidly emerged as a man of outstanding leadership and very high morale. His conduct was a fine example to all his fellow-prisoners.

In July, 1952, Fusilier KINNE, who was by now well known to his captors, was accused by them of being non-co-operative and was brutally interrogated about the other P.W. who had unco-operative views. As a result of his refusal to inform on his comrades, and for
striking back at a 'Chinese officer who assaulted him, he was twice severely beaten up
and tied up for periods of 12 and 24 hours, being made to stand on tip-toe with a running
noose round his neck which would throttle him if he attempted to relax in any way.

He escaped on 27th July but was recaptured two days later. He was again beaten up very
severely, and placed in handcuffs (which could be and frequently were tightened so as to
restrict circulation), from which he was not released until 16th October, 1952, a period of
81 days.

He was accused of insincerity, a hostile attitude towards the Chinese, "sabotage" of compulsory political study, escape, and of being reactionary. From the 15th to the 20th August, he was confined in a very small box cell, where he was made to sit to attention all day, being periodically beaten, prodded with bayonets, kicked and spat upon by the guards, and denied any washing facilities.

On 20th August, 1952, he was made to stand to attention for seven hours and when he complained was beaten by the Chinese guard commander with the butt of a submachine gun, which eventually went off and killed the guard commander. For this Fusilier KINNE was beaten senseless with belts and bayonets, stripped of his clothes, and thrown into a dank rat-infested hole until the 19th September. He was frequently taken out and beaten, including once (on 16th September), with pieces of planking until he was unconscious.On 16th October Fusilier Kinne was tried by a Chinese military court for escape and for being a reactionary and hostile to the Chinese, and was sentenced to twelve months' solitary confinement. This was increased to eighteen months when he complained at his trial of denial of medical attention, including that for a severe double hernia which he had sustained in June, 1952, while training to escape.

On 5th December, 1952, he was transferred to a special penal company. His last award of solitary confinement was on 2nd June, 1953, when he was sentenced for defying Chinese orders and wearing a rosette in celebration of Coronation Day.

He was eventually exchanged at Panmunjom on 10th August, 1953. As late as 8th and 9th August he was threatened with non-repatriation for demanding an interview with the International Red Cross Representatives who were visiting prisoner-of-war camps.

Fusilier Kinne was during the course of his periods of solitary confinement kept in no less than seven different places of imprisonment, including a security police gaol, under conditions of the most extreme degradation and increasing brutality. Every possible method both physical and mental was employed by his captors to break his spirit, a task which proved utterly beyond their powers. Latterly he must have been fully aware that every time he flaunted his captors and showed openly his detestation of themselves and their methods he was risking his life. He was in fact several times threatened with death or non-repatriation. Nevertheless he was always determined to show that he was prepared neither to be intimidated nor cowed by brutal treatment at die hands of a barbarous enemy.

His powers of resistance and his determination to oppose and fight the enemy to the maximum were beyond praise. His example was an inspiration to all ranks who came into contact with him.

Kinne died from cancer on 6 February 2018 in Tucson, Arizona.


Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles


The owner of the Eagles is Rakuten, an IT company. The Eagles are very popular in Miyagi. The mascot character is Clutch and Clutchyna. And in 2016, Switch was added to them.

The Eagles became the champion of the Pacific League on September 26, 2013. Masahiro Tanaka contributed to becoming the champion. He won 24 games in the 2013 series. In the Japan Series, the Eagles had four wins and three losses to Yomiuri Giants, who became the champion of Central League in Japan.

The Rakuten Seimei Park Miyagi in Sendai is their home stadium. This stadium is in the central ward of Sendai city, near .


John DeLorean

John Zachary DeLorean (January 6, 1925 – March 19, 2005) was an American engineer and executive in the U.S. automobile industry, most notably with General Motors. He founded the DeLorean Motor Company. His car company became well known when "Back to the Future" used his car as the time travel car.

DeLorean was born on January 6, 1925 in Detroit, Michigan to a family of Romanian and Hungarian background. He studied at the University of Michigan, then at the Cass Technical High School, and later at the Lawrence Technological University.

He was married to Sally Baldwin until they divorced. Then he was married to Elizabeth Haggin from 1954 until they divorced in 1969. Then he was married to Kelly Harmon from 1969 until they divorced in 1972. Then he was last married to Cristina Ferrare from 1973 until they divorced in 1985. He had two children.

During a difficult period because of accusations of cocaine trafficking (eventually he was not convicted), DeLorean and his last wife Cristina Ferrare became born again Christians.

John DeLorean died on March 19, 2005 in Summit, New Jersey from a stroke, aged 80. He was buried at White Chapel Cemetery in Troy, Michigan.


Corey Haim

Corey Ian Haim (December 23, 1971 – March 10, 2010) was a Canadian actor who is known for his roles in movies such as "Lucas", "Silver Bullet", "Murphy's Romance", "License to Drive" and "Dream a Little Dream". His best-known role was alongside Corey Feldman in "The Lost Boys". He was a drug addict. 

Haim was born on December 23, 1971 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He was raised in Toronto. Haim studied at Zion Heights Junior High School. He never married. He died on March 10, 2010 in Burbank, California from pneumonia, at the age of 38.


Liberal Democratic Party (Japan)

The Liberal Democratic Party (Japanese:自由民主党 "Jiyū-Minshutō"; or just Jiminto) is one of the main political parties in Japan. It has ruled Japan for most of the time since World War II. The party is conservative. The current leader is Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.

The party wants a close relationship with the United States, and wants fast export-based economic growth. They also want to undergo more privatization. The party is social conservative, and is against the legalization of same-sex marriage. Jiminto is also a Japanese nationalist political party.

In 2012, the Liberal Democratic Party had around 800,000 members.


Maccabees (disambiguation)

Maccabees may refer to:


Women of World War I

There were many women involved in World War I. American women and British women helped their country with the war. The women’s groups in Britain did not like that Britain was going to go to war at first. British women took over the jobs of the men who went into battle. The men were guaranteed their jobs back when they came home. When the U.S first got involved in World War I, they were opposed to using women’s power. Before that, they did not think twice about women or their rights. 
Belgian and Italian women also helped their countries. The women were nurses who served in the war. They helped the wounded soldiers of their side. They also helped on troop trains and transport ships. 

In the United States, over 30,000 women helped in the Army, Navy, Marines, or the Coast Guard. They did this even before they were given the right to vote. In the U.S., the women in the military gave a huge push to the 19th Amendment to get passed. President Woodrow Wilson got won over to the women’s suffrage side because they were very brave. The women served on the front line. They also replaced men in offices and factories. 
More than 25,000 U.S women served in Europe in World War I. They helped nurse the wounded and provided food and other supplies to the military. Some of the women became “horrifyingly bloodthirsty” when they heard about the fighting. They wanted to go into combat but could not because they were women. There was a “reconstruction of gender” in Britain. After World War I, women became stronger and not just looked at as mothers or “girly.” 
The feminist movement never regained its strength after the war but kept the same status as before the war. The world wars shook up the gender’s relations, but only temporarily.

Tennessee Williams

Thomas Lanier "Tennessee" Williams III (March 26, 1911 – February 25, 1983) was an American writer, perhaps best known for his play A Streetcar Named Desire. He was of English, Welsh and Huguenot ancestry. He was gay. He was an alcoholic and drug addict who died of an accidental drug overdose.


The Creation (Haydn)

The Creation is an oratorio by Joseph Haydn which some consider his masterpiece. As the name suggests, the work celebrates the creation of the world as described in the Book of Genesis.

Killing Them Softly

Killing Them Softly is a 2012 American crime thriller movie based on Cogan's Trade. It stars Brad Pitt, Richard Jenkins, James Gandolfini, Ben Mendelsohn, Sam Shepard and Ray Liotta. The subject is organized crime and illegal gambling during hard economic times in 2008.

Blainville-Boisbriand Armada

The Blainville-Boisbriand Armada are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 2011. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Boisbriand, Quebec, at the Centre d'Excellence Sports Rousseau. 

The team originally played in the Verdun borough of Montreal as the Montreal Junior Hockey Club, but it was moved to Boisbriand by former NHL defenceman Joel Bouchard in 2011.


Drummondville Voltigeurs

The Drummondville Voltigeurs are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1982. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Drummondville, Quebec at the Centre Marcel Dionne. 

The team is named after the Canadian Voltigeurs, a Quebec-based regiment that fought in the War of 1812. The team has won the Jean Rougeau Trophy in 2009. They have also won the President's Cup against the Shawinigan Cataractes in 2009.


Gatineau Olympiques

The Gatineau Olympiques are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1969. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Gatineau, Quebec at the Robert Guertin Centre.

The team was first a member of the Central Junior A Hockey League and was known as the Hull Castors and then the Hull Hawks. They renamed themselves the Hull Festivals and then the Hull Olympiques. The city of Hull was merged with the city of Gatineau in 2002 and the team changed their name to the Gatineau Olympiques.

The team has won seven President's Cups and one Memorial Cup in 2007.


Rouyn-Noranda Huskies

The Rouyn-Noranda Huskies are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1933, again in 1954 and finally again in 1975. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec at the Aréna Iamgold.

The team was first known as the Montreal Junior Canadiens and they were based in Montreal. The team won Memorial Cups in 1950, 1969 and 1970 when they played in Montreal. The team then played in Verdun borough of Montreal as the Juniors and Junior Canadiens. They relocated to Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec and became the Saint-Hyacinthe Laser. The owners of the Laser transferred the team to Rouyn-Noranda and renamed the team the Huskies in 1996. As the Huskies, they have won one Jean Rougeau Trophy in 2007. 


Sherbrooke Phoenix

The Sherbrooke Phoenix are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 2012. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Sherbrooke, Quebec at the Palais des Sports Léopold-Drolet.

The team was created when the Lewiston Maineiacs folded and the team was relocated to Sherbrooke. Sherbrooke used to have two other QMJHL teams in the past but they relocated. One of their old teams was relocated to Lewiston, Maine in 2003.


Val-d'Or Foreurs

The Val-d'Or Foreurs are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1969. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Val-d'Or, Quebec at the Centre Air Creebec.

The name of the team is reference to the drilling operations that are associated with mining and exploration and are one of the major sources of blue-collar work in the area of Val-d'Or. The team's name is translated to "Valley of Gold Drillers". 

They have won the President's Cup two times and have been to the Memorial Cup finals twice.


Baie-Comeau Drakkar

The Baie-Comeau Drakkar are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1997. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Baie-Comeau, Quebec at the Centre Henry-Leonard.

The team started playing in the QMJHL in 1997. They have not won a Memorial Cup or President's Cup. The team was the subject of a documentary in 2008 called Junior. Marc-André Bergeron, Jean-François Jacques, Yanick Lehoux, Olivier Michaud, Joel Perrault, Patrick Thoresen and Bruno St. Jacques have all played for the team during their careers. 


Big E Langston

Ettore Ewen (born March 1, 1986 in Tampa, Florida) better known by his ring names Big E Langston, is an American professional wrestler, powerlifter and former American football player currently signed to the WWE. He is part of The New Day, but is inactive because of a broken neck since March 2022.

He played college football at the University of Iowa. He is also a National Powerlifting Champion and has set multiple national and state records in the raw division.

On the December 6th episode of NXT developmental territory, he defeated Seth Rollins to win the NXT Championship. On the December 17, 2012 episode of Raw, he made his WWE main roster debut when he attacked John Cena after AJ Lee ordered him to. He lost the NXT Championship to Bo Dallas on May 23, 2013.

He would team with Dolph Ziggler and AJ Lee but started a feud with Ziggler after he ended his relationship with AJ on Raw. He had several matches with Ziggler and eventually lost a mixed tag team match with AJ against Ziggler and Kaitlyn at SummerSlam which ended their feud.

On the October 18 episode of SmackDown, he turned face after his match with CM Punk when he helped Punk fending off an attack by Ryback and Curtis Axel.

Langston defeated Curtis Axel on the November 18, 2013 edition of Raw titled "Raw Country" to win the WWE Intercontinental Championship and his first championship on the WWE's main roster.

Jon Moxley

Jonathan David Good (born December 7, 1985) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He competes under the ring name Jon Moxley and also wrestles for New Japan Pro-Wrestling. He is also known for his time in the WWE where he competed under the ring name Dean Ambrose. Good has previously competed in many different wrestling promotions. He is a four-time world champion, winning the AEW World Championship three times and the WWE Championship one time. He also is a three-time Intercontinental Champion, two-time Raw Tag Team Champion, a winner of the Money in the Bank ladder match and the longest-reigning United States Champion in WWE.

Good signed a contract with WWE on April 4, 2011 and was granted his release from Dragon Gate USA, the previous promotion he was working for. He first performed as Ambrose in the WWE's developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling. 

On November 18, 2012, he made his WWE debut at Survivor Series on November 18, 2012 along with Roman Reigns and Seth Rollins. Ambrose, Reigns and Rollins attacked Ryback during a triple threat match which also featured CM Punk and John Cena. Their interferences caused a distraction and Punk was able to pin Cena to retain his WWE Championship. The group of Ambrose, Reigns and Rollins named themselves "The Shield" and said they were going to fight against "injustice" in the WWE. The Shield had their debut match at where they defeated Ryback and Team Hell No (Kane & Daniel Bryan) in a . 

On May 25, 2019, Moxley made his surprise debut during their Double or Nothing pay-per-view.

Good is married to AEW backstage interviewer Renee Paquette. On June 13, 2021, their daughter Nora was born.



Chicoutimi Saguenéens

The Chicoutimi Saguenéens are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1973. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Chicoutimi, Quebec at the Centre Georges-Vézina.

The team was created in 1973. The name of the team means "People from the Saguenay" which Chicoutimi is a part of. The team has won two President's Cups in their history. They have also made it to the Memorial Cup finals in 1997 but were defeated by the host Hull Olympics. 


Quebec Remparts

The Quebec Remparts are a Canadian ice hockey team. The original team started playing in 1969 and ceased operations in 1996. The team was revived and started playing again in 1997. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Quebec City, Quebec at the Videotron Centre.

The original team was started in 1969. During the original teams run they won 5 President's Cups. Guy Lafleur also played for the original team. The team then moved to Longueuil and became the Longueuil Collège Français. They played three seasons as in Longueuil and then moved to the Verdun borough of Montreal and became the Verdun Collège Français. The team ceased operations in 1994 and were revived in 1997.

The team won the Memorial Cup when they defeated the Moncton Wildcats 6-2 in the finals.


The Egyptian Theater (Boise, Idaho)

The Egyptian Theatre, also known as the Ada Theater, at 700 West Main Street in Boise, Idaho is a movie theater that opened in 1927.

The Egyptian Theatre is surrounded by Boise history that makes this building a tour of Boise history.

It was first opened in 1927. The building was built in the model of the newly discovered King Tut's tomb. Over time it was changed repeatedly. In 1999 it was remodeled once again after the original building. 

Now, it mainly runs movies and concerts.

The theater is architecturally significant as one of the few surviving theaters from the grand cinema and movie palace era in Boise.

The Bourne Identity, The Bourne Supremacy, and The Bourne Ultimatum, starring Matt Damon, premieres were all hosted at The Egyptian Theatre. 

It is also said to be one of the more haunted buildings in Boise, and was featured on the Travel Channel show Ghost Stories in 2009.


Someone like You

Someone like You may mean:

John E. Tourtellotte

John Everett Tourtellotte (February 22, 1869 – 1939) was a prominent western American architect. He is best known for his projects in Idaho. His work in Boise included the Idaho State Capitol, the Boise City National Bank, the Carnegie Library, and numerous other buildings for schools, universities, churches, and government institutions.

His company was called John E. Tourtellotte & Company. He also worked with another company called Tourtellotte and Hummel, based in Boise. Works by these firms were covered in a 1982 study and many of the buildings were immediately or later listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Numerous buildings designed by Tourtellotte and associated firms are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.



Ada Odd Fellows Temple

Ada Odd Fellows Temple was built in 1903 in Boise, Idaho. It served historically as a clubhouse. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

Elks Temple (Boise, Idaho)

The Elks Temple in Boise, Idaho was built in 1914 in "Italian Palazzo Style". It has served as a clubhouse of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks (Elks) organization. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

Murray Edwards College, Cambridge

Murray Edwards College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was created in 1954 with the name New Hall. In 2008, it changed its name to remember Dame Rosemary Murray, the first President of the College, and the Edwards family which gave £30 million to the college.

Murray Edwards is a college for women only. When it was built, most colleges only accepted men. Therefore, the main aim of New Hall was to increase the presence of women in the University. At the beginning, New Hall was found near Darwin College. In 1964, the new buildings were made and in 1965 the college moved to today's location, Huntingdon Road, about a mile from the city centre of Cambridge. It has about 500 students.

Murray Edwards has a very big women's art collection, the second largest in the world.


Marabou stork

The marabou stork ("Leptoptilos crumeniferus") is a large wading bird in the stork family Ciconiidae. It breeds in Africa, south of the Sahara, in wet and arid habitats, often near human habitation, especially waste tips. 

It is sometimes called the "Undertaker Bird" due to its shape from behind: cloak-like wings and back, skinny white legs, and sometimes a large white mass of "hair".

<br>

Juliet Mills

Juliet Mills (born 21 November 1941) is an English actress who has performed in movies, television and stage acts since 1942. She played in the supernatural NBC soap opera "Passions". She also performed in other television shows.
She is the elder daughter of John Mills and Mary Hayley Bell. Her sister is Hayley Mills.

She has a son by her first husband and a daughter by her second husband. Her current husband is Maxwell Caulfield.

Hayley Mills

Hayley Mills (born 18 April 1946) is a British television, stage and movie actress. She was born in Marylebone, London. She began her acting career in Disney movies. She starred in "Pollyanna" in 1960 and "The Parent Trap" the following year. She made four more movies for Disney. Her elder sister Juliet is also acting in movies and TV. In her later career, she stared as Caroline Duplessis in ITV's drama "Wild at Heart" which aired from 2005-2012.

She is the younger daughter of John Mills and Mary Hayley Bell. 

She was married to Roy Boulting from 1971 until they divorced in 1977. Their son is Crispian Mills. Her partner from 1975-1984 was Leigh Lawson; the couple had a son. Since 1997, her partner is Firdous Bamji. 


Road signs in South Africa

Road signs in Africa stay close to the Vienna Convention on Road Signs and Signals concerning shape and function. There are also some local signs unique to South Africa. A white background signifies the sign is permanent. A yellow background signifies that the sign is temporary. Warning signs are an upwards-pointing red triangle and black pictogram describing the danger or obstruction. Speed limit signs are a red circle with the limitation in black. South Africa drives on the left.


Çayırköprü, Aydıntepe

Çayırköprü is a village in the District of Aydıntepe, Bayburt Province, Turkey. As of 2010, 133 people lived there.

Helen Smith (writer)

Helen Smith is an English novelist and dramatist. She's a member of the Writers' Guild of Great Britain, English PEN and the Society of Authors. She lives in Brixton, London.

Helen Smith was born in London in November 1968. She has one daughter named Lauren with the writer Damon Rochefort. When her daughter was small, they travelled extensively in Australia, South East Asia, Hong Kong and South America before returning to the UK. Her first novel, Alison Wonderland, was published in 1999 by Gollancz.

She was a winning writer in the IRDP London Playwrights Festival. Her novels have been optioned for development by the BBC. She continues to work as a novelist and playwright. She was the recipient of an Arts Council Award. She currently volunteers as a writing mentor with the Write to Life group run by the Medical Foundation for Care of Victims of Torture.

Novels

Children's Books

Anthologies

2010 "The Memory Man"Arcola Theatre, London <br>
2009 "Purple, Silver, Olive, Orange"Arcola Theatre, London <br>
2007 "The Psychic Detective" National Theatre Watch This Space and touring

1995 "Looking for Baby Jesus"


1996 All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship Final

The 1996 All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship Final was the 65th All-Ireland Final and the deciding match of the 1996 All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship. It is an inter-county camogie tournament for the top teams in Ireland. 

Cork led 1-9 to 1-6 at half-time. After that they went on to regret missed chances. Denise Gilligan scored two goals for Galway.

Wasylów Wielki

Wasylów Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek. It is within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship which is in eastern Poland. It is close to the border with Ukraine. It is about east of Ulhówek, east of Tomaszów Lubelski and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.

The village has a population of 510.

Metamya

Metamya is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.


Arctiidae

Arctiidae is a large family of moths with around 11,000 species found all over the world. It included 6,000 neotropical species. This family includes the groups commonly known as tiger moths (or tigers). Tiger moths usually have bright colours, footmen (which are usually much drabber), lichen moths and wasp moths. Many species have 'hairy' caterpillars which are popularly known as woolly bears or woolly worms. The scientific name refers to this (Gk. αρκτος = a bear). Caterpillars may also go by the name 'tussock moths' (more usually this refers to Lymantriidae, however).









Cinnabar moth

The cinnabar moth (Tyria jacobaeae) is a brightly colored arctiid moth. It is found in Europe and western and central Asia. It has been introduced into New Zealand, Australia and North America to control poisonous ragwort. This is because the larvae feeding on the ragwort. The moth is named after the red mineral cinnabar because of the red patches on its mostly black wings. Cinnabar moths are about 20mm long and have a wingspan of 32–42 mm (1.3-1.7 in).

Cinnabar moths are day-flying insects. Like many other brightly colored moths, it cannot be eaten. The larvae use members of the genus "Senecio" as foodplants. Newly hatched larvae feed from under the ragwort leaves to the area of their old eggs. The larvae absorb toxic and bitter tasting alkaloid substances from the foodplants. This makes them unable to be eaten themselves. The bright colors of both the larvae and the moths act as warning signs. Partly due to this they are seldom eaten by predators. An exception is among different species of Cuckoo which eat hairy and poisonous caterpillars including cinnabar moth larvae.

Like several other Arctiidae moth larvae, the cinnabar caterpillars can turn cannibalistic. This can be due to lack of food. Sometimes they can eat other cinnabar larvae for no apparent reason. Females lay up to 300 eggs and usually in clusters of 30 to 60. The larvae start out as a pale yellow. Later larval stages develop the jet black and orange/yellow striped coloring. They can grow up to 30mm, and are voracious eaters; large populations can strip entire patches of ragwort clean, a result of their low predation.

Many do not survive to the pupal stage. This is mainly due to them completely consuming the food source before reaching maturity. This could be a possible explanation for their tendency to engage in seemingly random cannibalistic behaviour. It is common for them to die from starvation.

The moth has proven to be successful as a biocontrol agent for ragwort when used in conjunction with the ragwort flea beetle in the western United States.

Antanas Sutkus

Antanas Sutkus (born 27 June 1939 in Kluoniškiai, Kaunas district) is a renowned Lithuanian photographer and recipient of the Lithuanian National Prize. He also received the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas. He was one of the co-founders and a President of the Photography Art Society of Lithuania ().

Sutkus's series "People of Lithuania" is considered one of his most important works. It is a continuing project begun in 1976 to document the changing life and people of Lithuania. Working at the time when Lithuania (as the Lithuanian SSR) was part of the Soviet Union, Sutkus focused on black and white portraits of ordinary people in their everyday life rather than the model citizens and workers promoted by Soviet propaganda. Sutkus had an opportunity to spend time with Jean-Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir in 1965 when they visited Lithuania. One image, taken against the white sand of Nida, is highly regarded as capturing Sartre's ideas.


Lithuanian National Prize

The Lithuanian National Prize () was established in 1989. It is an award granted for achievements in culture and the arts. It has been awarded annually in six categories since 2006 (between 1989 and 2006 there were nine categories). The prize is formally bestowed on February 16. This is when the decorations and diplomas are presented to the winners at Presidential Palace. This is also the commemorating of the anniversary of the 1918 Act of Independence of Lithuania.

The award honors significant recent achievements in cultural fields and works by artists or art collectives. The honorees may be citizens of Lithuania or members of the Lithuanian World Community. When the award was first established, works accomplished during the previous five years were considered; this period was extended to seven years in 2008. The candidacies are open each year until September 15, and the winners are announced on December 15. Each "Lithuanian National Prize" consists of a memorial sign, a diploma, and a monetary grant (circa 104,000 litas). A single person can only receive the National Prize once.

Current candidates for the Prize are nominated by professional associations and societies. Before 2008 the nominations could be made by members of the public. The winners are selected by a special committee. 

As of May 2008 there were 156 people who had been given the Prize.

XSP (software)

XSP is a simple, standalone web server written in C#. It hosts ASP.NET's System for Linux and other Unix operating systems. As well as running on the mono runtime for Linux it also runs on the .NET runtime. This makes it usable as a light weight web server on any .NET supporting platform.

XSP was originally the name of the internal project at Microsoft that became ASP.NET. The name is a homage to the original name of what became ASP.NET

XSP is also a term for the eXtensible Server Pages technology in Apache Cocoon.


Constitutionalism

Constitutionalism is a form of political thought and action that seeks to prevent tyranny including worst result of majority rule and to guarantee the liberty and rights of individuals. Constitutionalism is the conduct of politics in accordance with a constitution. 

From the eighteenth century the essential element in modern constitutionalism is the doctrine of limited government under a written fundamental law. 
Limited government means that officials cannot act arbitrarily when they make and enforce public decisions. Public officials cannot simply do as they please. The Constitution is the supreme law that guides and limits the exercise of power by government officials. 

In 1787 representatives of the people of the United States drafted and ratified a Constitution. Article 6 of the United States Constitution states this principle: “The Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in Pursuance thereof … shall be the supreme Law of the Land.” All laws, passed either by Congress or by state legislatures, must conform to the supreme law—the Constitution. As Alexander Hamilton explained in the Federalist Papers No. 78: “No legislative act contrary to the Constitution, therefore, can be valid.” Actually, a legislative or executive action that violates the Constitution can be declared unconstitutional, or unlawful, by the Supreme Court.

A constitutional monarchy is a form of government that lies between absolutism and parliamentary republic. In absolutism, the monarch is free to do what he likes, and there is no way to control him. A parliamentary republic operates without a monarch.



Lovely Mary

Lovely Mary is a 1916 silent drama movie directed by Edgar Jones.

Mary and her cousin Clairborne are the last descendants of the Lane family. They announce they are selling their land. Two land scouts come over to buy their property. One of them is Roland Manning who falls in love with Mary. The other is Wade Dempster who tries to get his hand on their home by getting Clairborne drunk. One of the townsfolk finds out of Dempster's way of buying the land and tries to stop it. Dempster defends himself by shooting him and next blames Manning for the murder. It doesn't take long before Manning is found guilty and receives a life prison sentence.

Mary tries to set him free and turns to the law to help him. Mary's former sweetheart Oscar witnessed the murder and finally admits Dempster shot him. Roland is set free and marries Mary. They keep the land and start a family living happily ever after.


Russell Simpson (actor)

Russell McCaskill Simpson (17 June 1880 – 12 December 1959) was an American actor.

Simpson was born in San Francisco, California. He is best known for his work in the movies of John Ford. He is most famous for his portrayal of Pa Joad in "The Grapes of Wrath" in 1940.

Simpson reportedly prospected for gold in Alaska in his youth. By 1909 he had gone into the theatre. He appeared in at least two plays on Broadway between 1909 and 1912. He made his motion picture debut in Cecil B. DeMille's 1914 original movieversion of "The Virginian". He only had a minor role in that movie. By 1923, when the movie was remade, Simpson had progressed to playing the lead villain. 

Simpson was a familiar character actor for almost forty-five years as a member of the John Ford Stock Company. He worked up to 1959. His final movie was "The Horse Soldiers". It was his tenth movie for Ford. He died in Woodland Hills, California 12 December 1959. 

He was survived by his wife Gertrude. Simpson had two children, Russell Jr. and Roberta.


Bat'leth

The bat'leth is a long and curved ceremonial sword with handholds on the back. It was created by "" visual effects producer, Dan Curry, for the "Star Trek" television series. It is mainly used within "Star Trek" fiction by the Klingons, a race in the series. It is thought to be a highly noticed image of "Star Trek" and copies are widely available online as highly collected things and as a part of costumes. They have also been used in crimes.

A bat'leth is made up of a curved blade with spikes coming out at both ends and with handles along the centre of the blade's back, and is about five feet long.. The handles are used to twist and spin the blade quickly, the weapon can be used with one or both hands.

Great-billed heron

The great-billed heron ("Ardea sumatrana") is a wading bird of the heron family Ardeidae. It is resident from southeast Asia to Papua New Guinea and Australia. Its habitats are largely coastal such as islands, coral reefs, mangroves and large rivers. However, occasionally, it can be found inland in shallow ponds.

It feeds in shallow water, spearing fish with its long, sharp bill. It will wait motionless for prey, or slowly stalk its victim.

Ping

Ping can have several meanings


Little egret

The little egret ("Egretta garzetta") is a small white heron. The Biman Bangladesh Airlines: portrays the Balaka bird symbol with Bangladeshi flag is associated with this specific species respectively. 

Adults are 55–65 cm long with an 88–106 cm wingspan, and weigh 350–550 grams. The plumage is often all white, but can also be blue-grey. In the breeding season, the adult has two long plumes on the nape that form a crest. There are similar feathers on the breast, but the barbs are more widely spread. The legs are black and the feet yellow. Juveniles are similar to non-breeding adults but have greenish-black legs and duller yellow feet. The subspecies nigripes differs in having yellow skin between the bill and eye, and blackish feet.

Little Egrets are mostly silent but make various croaking and bubbling calls at their breeding colonies and produce a harsh alarm call when disturbed.

Chuck Jones

Charles Martin "Chuck" Jones (September 21, 1912 – February 22, 2002) was an American animator, cartoon artist, director, producer and screenwriter.

He was known for his works in "Looney Tunes" and in "Tom & Jerry". He directed many of the Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck cartoons. He was also known the creator of iconic Looney Tunes characters, including Pepe le Pew, Marvin the Martian, Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote. He won an Academy Award for Best Animated Short. Jones produced 34 "Tom and Jerry" shorts from 1963 to 1967.

Jones was born on September 21, 1912 in Spokane, Washington. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Jones studied at the Chouinard Art Institute.

He was married to Dorothy Webster from 1935 until her death in 1978. Then he was married to Marian J. Dern from 1981 until his death in 2002. He has a daughter with Webster, Linda Jones Clough.

Jones died on February 22, 2002 in Corona del Mar, Newport Beach, California from heart failure, aged 89.


Dick Cavett

Richard Alva "Dick" Cavett (born November 19, 1936) is an American television talk show host, comedian, game show host, entertainer, television, and radio personality, and actor who is known for "The Dick Cavett Show". He won two Emmy Awards. 

Cavett was born on November 19, 1936 in Gibbon, Nebraska. He was raised in New York City, New York. He has German, French, British and Irish ancestry. Cavett studied at Yale University. He was married to Carrie Nye from 1964 until her death in 2006. He has been married to Martha Rogers since 2010. He has no children. 


Charles Cannon

Charles-Arthur Dumoulin Cannon (11 September 1905 – 23 September 1976) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a lawyer by career.

He was first elected at the Îles-de-la-Madeleine riding in the 1949 general election. Cannon was re-elected for multiple terms in 1953 and 1957. After completing his final term in the 23rd Canadian Parliament, Cannon was defeated by James Russell Keays of the Progressive Conservative party.

Cannon was born in Quebec City and died there.

Some of Cannon's relatives have also been Members of Parliament. Namely his grandfather Charles Fitzpatrick, his uncle Lucien Cannon and his nephew Lawrence Cannon.

Sylvestre Ntibantunganya

Sylvestre Ntibantunganya (born 8 May 1945) is a Burundian politician. He was Speaker of the National Assembly of Burundi from December 1993 to 1 October 1994. He was also President of Burundi from 6 April 1994 to 25 July 1996 (interim to October 1994).

Ntibantunganya was born in Gishubi, Gitega. He is an ethnic Hutu. He served as foreign minister briefly during 1993.

He came into office when the previous president, Cyprien Ntaryamira, was killed in a plane crash. It was an assassination in which the Rwandan president Juvénal Habyarimana was also killed. Ntibantunganya left office when he was deposed by Pierre Buyoya in a military coup of 1996.

Ntiybantunganya is presently a Senator for life as a former head of state.

Antoine Nduwayo

Antoine Nduwayo (born on 1942) was the Prime Minister of Burundi from February 22, 1995 until July 31, 1996. He is an ethnic Tutsi and a member of UPRONA. He was appointed Prime Minister by the Hutu president in an effort to stop some Tutsis from fighting with his government. He resigned shortly after the 1996 military coup.

Nduwayo allegedly participated in the assassination of the first democratically elected Hutu president, Melchior Ndadaye. On October 19, 2020, more than a year after the opening of the case and two days before the anniversary of the assassination, Nduwayo was acquitted or proven not guilty.

Gęsianka

Gęsianka is a village in the district of Gmina Dobre, which is in Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is about southwest of Dobre, north of Mińsk Mazowiecki, and east of Warsaw.

Crocmaz

Crocmaz is a commune in Ştefan Vodă district, Moldova. It is composed of a single village, Crocmaz.

James King

James King (born 24 July 1990) is a Welsh rugby union player. He plays for the Ospreys regional team having previously played for Aberavon RFC as a flanker.

In January 2012 King suffered a lacerated ear injury in a collision with Xavier Rush of the Cardiff Blues. He had to undergo emergency plastic surgery at Morriston Hospital, Swansea.


Plympton Hundred

Plympton Hundred was the name of one of thirty two ancient administrative units of Devon, England.

The parishes in the hundred were: 
Brixton, Plympton St Mary, Plympton St Maurice, Plymstock, Revelstoke, Shaugh Prior, Wembury and Yealmpton

Brixton, Devon

Brixton is a village near Plymouth in England. It is on the A379 Plymouth to Kingsbridge road and is about from Plymouth. In 2011, its population is 1.252.

It has views of the River Yealm. The church is 15th century, with a tower arch 200 years older.


KWUT

KWUT (97.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Elsinore, Utah, USA, the station is currently owned by Douglas Barton, through licensee Sanpete County Broadcasting Company.

The station went on the air as KRFD-FM on November 9, 1998. On September 11, 1998, the station changed its call sign to KSGI and on November 1, 1999 to KRFD. On November 25, 2000, the station became KACE, and KMGR by December 31, 2000. On November 15, 2001 it switched back to KACE and back to KRFD on May 29, 2001. The station became KLGL on June 16, 2001. On August 8, 2005, the station flipped to KCYQ. It then flipped in the fall of 2010, to the current calls.

Slogan

A slogan is a memorable motto or phrase. It is often used in a political, commercial, religious, and other context as a repetitive expression of an idea or purpose. The word slogan is derived from "slogorn" which was an Anglicisation of the Scottish Gaelic "sluagh-ghairm tanmay" ("sluagh" "army", "host" + "gairm" "cry") meaning something an army chanted while fighting, to keep them all cooperating. 

Slogans vary from the written and the visual to the chanted and the vulgar. Their simple rhetorical nature usually leaves little room for detail. Marketing slogans are often called "taglines" in the United States. They can be called "straplines" in the U.K. Europeans use the terms "baselines", "signatures", "claims", or "pay-offs".

Badbaado (refugee camp)

Badbaado is a refugee camp outside of Mogadishu, Somalia. It began as a result of the 2011 East Africa drought and famine. It now houses roughly 30,000 refugees.

Food aid is available for refugees there, but its supply has been poor because of the policies of al-Shabab. The limited access to food has been a source of violence in the camp. There has also been looting by freelance militias and government forces. Due to the unsafe conditions, some refugees have fled Badbaado to seek other camps.

Dúnchad mac Fiachnai

Dúnchad mac Fiachnai (died circa 644) was King of Ulaid from the Dal Fiatach dynasty. He was the son of Fiachnae mac Demmáin (died 627), a previous king. He ruled from 637-circa 644.

The Dal Fiatach recovered the kingship of Ulaid after the Battle of Mag Roth in 637 and were to retain it until 674. Family strife was a common theme among the dynasty at this time. Dúnchad's mother was Cumne Dub ingen Furudráin of the Uí Tuirtri (a tribe of the Airgialla west of Lough Neagh in modern County Tyrone). She had previously been married to Dúnchad's great uncle Baetan mac Cairill (died 581) by whom she had children. These children were eliminated by Dúnchad's full brother Máel Dúin mac Fiachnai in 605. However, the ambitions of Máel Dúin were not to be fulfilled as he was murdered by Dúnchad at Óenach Deiscirt Maige, probably in southern Muirthemne in modern County Louth.

His son Congal Cennfota mac Dúnchada (died 674) was also a King of Ulaid.


Sales tax

Sales tax is a form of taxation based on what people buy rather than their income. In the European Union and many other places it is called Value added tax. Certain vital items are usually exempt. Hungary has one of highest rates in the world- 27%.


Thomas Kendrick (Medal of Honor)

Thomas Kendrick (born 1839, date of death unknown) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War. He was also a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor. He received it for his actions at the Battle of Mobile Bay.

Kendrick was born in 1839 in Bath, Maine. He was still living in that city when he joined the Navy. He served during the Civil War as a coxswain on the . He volunteered to join the for the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864. It was there he showed "courageous devotion to duty". For this action, he was presented the Medal of Honor four months later, on December 31, 1864.

Kendrick's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
Served as coxswain on board the U.S.S. "Oneida" in the engagement at Mobile Bay, 5 August 1864. Volunteering for the Mobile Bay action from "Bienville", Kendrick displayed courageous devotion to duty, and his excellent conduct throughout the battle which resulted in the capture of the rebel ram "Tennessee" and in the damaging of Fort Morgan, attracted the attention of the commanding officer and those serving around him.

Samuel W. Kinnaird

Samuel W. Kinnaird (May 2, 1840 – April 20, 1923) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War. He was a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor. He got it for his actions at the Battle of Mobile Bay.

He was born on May 2, 1840, in New York City. Kinnaird was still living in the state of New York when he joined the Navy. He served during the Civil War as a landsman on the . At the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864, "Lackawanna" engaged the . They fought at close range and Kinnaird displayed "presence of mind and cheerfulness" which helped maintain his shipmates' morale. For this action, he was presented the Medal of Honor four months later on December 31, 1864.

Kinnaird's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
Served as a landsman on board the U.S.S. "Lackawanna" during successful attacks against Fort Morgan, rebel gunboats and the ram "Tennessee" in Mobile Bay, 5 August 1864. Showing a presence of mind and cheerfulness that had much to do with maintaining the crew's morale, Kinnaird served gallantly through the action which resulted in the capture of the prize rebel ram "Tennessee" and in the destruction of batteries at Fort Morgan.

Kinnaird died on April 20, 1923. He was 82 and was buried in the New York City neighborhood of Woodside, Queens.

Lisa Hartman Black

Lisa Hartman (more often recognized as Lisa Hartman Black; June 1, 1956) is an American actress and singer. She has mostly acted on television. She starred on the short lived "Tabitha" in 1977-78. She aslo performed in the soap "Knots Landing" as the rock singer Ciji Dunne. Through the name Lisa Hartman, she recorded four solo records between 1976 and 1987. She was born around Houston, Texas.

Parveen Talukder

Parveen Talukder (born 31 January 1958) is a Bangladeshi politician and businessperson. She is an Honorable Parliament Member of 9th National Assembly (Constituency 316, Barisal). In business, Talukder deals with the ready-made garments industry of Bangladesh.

Talukder was born in a Muslim family of Moheshpur Thana of Jhenaidah district on 31 January 1958.

She became involved in politics at a very early age, when she joined Dhaka Mohanagar Chatra League in 1973 and got elected the Assistant General Secretary of Shiddeshawry Degree College Chatra Sansad. Since then, she has been active in political movements and activities against violations of human rights.

She was elected Chairman of Nolua Union Parished, Bakergonj, Barisal for two consecutive terms, in the year 1997 and 2003. During 12 years as UP Chairman, she was very successful in improving the living standard of the people of Nolua Union. She played a large part in the creation of schools, roads and culverts, electrification and other infrastructural developments. Above all else, she is well known for her fighting against human rights violations and women and child abuse. Currently, she is the President of Bangladesh Mohila Awami League, Bakergonj, Barisal.

Praveen Talukder is a member of committee of Ministry of Environment and Forest. In addition to basic environmental issues, she has worked on climate change. Her work is most notable on the impacts and changes of national and regional climate issues. She took seat in Copenhagen Climate Change Conference2009 in Denmark and Cancun Climate Change Summit 2010 in Mexico.

Parveen Talukder takes personal interest in issues dealing with human rights and environmental protection. For her work on the matter she was awarded “Gold Medal 2009” by National Human Rights Journalist Organization.

Parveen Talukder is also a very successful entrepreneur. She has made a large contribution to the ready-made garments industry of Bangladesh. She is the managing director of Pretty Composite Textile Limited, and Pretty Woolwear Limited and Director of several other concerns of Pretty Group. She is also a former Director of Northern General Insurance Company Limited.

Barge

A barge is a simple-looking boat with a flat surface and long structure. Barges usually transport goods to different places.

In Great Britain, during the Industrial Revolution, a substantial network of narrow barges was developed from 1750 onwards.

From 1825 there was competition from the railways. Eventually, the British rail system took over from canal traffic due to the higher speed, falling costs and route flexibility of rail transport.

Barges carrying bulk and heavy cargoes continue to be viable. There is no cheaper way to move really heavy loads. Originally, British canals had locks only wide, so narrowboats could be no more than 6'10" wide if they were to be able to navigate the system. It was soon realized that narrow locks were too limiting, and later locks were doubled in width to . 

On the British canal system the term 'barge' is used to describe a "Thames [sailing barge], Duch [barge], or other styles of barge". The people who move barges are often known as lightermen. 

A narrowboat is a particular type of canal boat, built to fit the narrow locks of the United Kingdom. 

Newnham College, Cambridge

Newnham College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It is for women only and has about 500 students. It was created in 1871 by Henry Sidgwick who wanted to make education more available to women. It was built at a time when most colleges where for men only. It was the second college to allow women after Girton. It started just as a group of houses in Regent Street. In 1875 the first buildings were finished in Sidgwick Avenue and the college moved there.

Newnham College has beautiful large gardens that the students can walk on. This is different from the other colleges where only Fellows can walk on the grass. It also has one of the largest libraries in Cambridge, with more than 90,000 books.

Some very important people have studied here. Philippa Fawcett, for example, was the first woman to get the best result in the mathematics course in Cambridge in 1890. Virginia Woolf based her famous book "The Room of One's Own" around Newnham College. Other people to have studied here include:



Humayun

Mirza Nasir al-Din Muhammad Humayun (6 March 1508 - 27 January 1556) was the second Mughal Emperor. 

He ruled Afghanistan, Pakistan, and parts of northern India from 1530 to 1540. He was the son of the previous emperor, Babur. 

His son was Akbar, one of the most famous emperors in Mughal history.

In 1532, Humayun and Sher Shah Suri clashed on the battlefield. Humayun won the battle and captured Chunar. In 1534, Humayun defeated Bahadur Shah and captured Gujrat. Sher Shah meanwhile regrouped and defeated Humayun, at Chausa in 1539 

War with Bahadur Shah

In 1531, Bahadur Shah Zafar overran Malwa and the next year he turned to Mewar. Humayun marched against Bahadur Shah and easily defeated his forces. Bahadur Shah fled to Ahmedabad and from there to Kathisawar.

In 1557, Humayun had a fatal fall from the stairs of his private observatory (some sources say his library). He was carrying books when his feet got caught in his robe and he tripped and fractured his head. He had bent down upon hearing the Azaan (the Muslim call to prayer). All medical aid proved useless, and Humayun died. He is known as "the luckless one".

Andrew Jones (Medal of Honor)

Andrew Jones (born 1835, date of death unknown) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War. He received the Medal of Honor which is the U.S. military's highest decoration. He received it for his actions at the Battle of Mobile Bay.

Jones was born in 1835 in Limerick, Ireland. He immigrated to the United States and was living in New York when he joined the U.S. Navy. He served during the Civil War as a chief boatswain's mate on the . Although their enlistments had expired, Jones and crewmate James Seanor voluntarily transferred to the to fight in the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864. During the battle they "carried out [their] duties gallantly" according to the Medal of Honor citation. For this actions, both Jones and Seanor were presented the Medal of Honor four months later, on December 31, 1864.

Jones's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
Served as chief boatswain's mate on board the U.S. Ironclad "Chickasaw", Mobile Bay, 5 August 1864. Although his enlistment was up, Jones volunteered for the battle of Mobile Bay, going on board the "Chickasaw" from the "Vincennes" where he then carried out his duties gallantly throughout the engagement with the enemy which resulted in the capture of the rebel ram "Tennessee".

James Seanor

James Seanor (born 1833, date of death unknown) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War. He was also a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor. He received it for his actions at the Battle of Mobile Bay.

Seanor was born in 1833 in Boston, Massachusetts. He was living in New York when he joined the Navy. He served during the Civil War as a master-at-arms on the . Although their enlistments had expired, Seanor and crewmate Andrew Jones voluntarily transferred to the to fight in the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864. During the battle they "carried out [their] duties gallantly" according to the Medal of Honor citation. For this action, both Seanor and Jones were awarded the Medal of Honor four months later on December 31, 1864.

Seanor's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
Served as master-at-arms on board the U.S. Ironclad "Chickasaw", Mobile Bay, 5 August 1864. Although his enlistment was up, Seanor volunteered for the battle of Mobile Bay, going on board the "Chickasaw" from the "Vincennes" where he carried out his duties gallantly throughout the engagement which resulted in the capture of the rebel ram "Tennessee".

Gannett Government Media

Gannett Government Media was formerly the Army Times Publishing Company. It is a United States company which publishes newspapers, magazines, Web sites, and other publications about the U.S. and other militaries. It was Founded in 1940 and was purchased by the Gannett Company in August 1997. 

It publishes four weekly newspapers aimed at current and former U.S. military personnel, collectively called the Military Times Media Group: "Army Times" (founded 1940), "Navy Times" (founded 1951), "Air Force Times" (founded 1947), and "Marine Corps Times". 

Its Defense News Media Group publishes "Defense News" (founded 1986), "Armed Forces Journal" (founded in 1863), "Training & Simulation Journal" and "C4ISR Journal". The company also publishes "Federal Times".

According to a Huffington Post AOL News online news article from Boston, Massachusetts by Jim Finkle of Thomson Reuters, dated Wednesday, June 29, 2011:
"Hackers broke into a Gannett Co database containing personal information about subscribers to publications read by U.S. government officials, military leaders, and rank-and-file soldiers, the media company said on Tuesday." 

Kutub al-Sittah

Kutub al-Sittah are the main hadith collections in Sunni Islam meaning "the six books". They are sometimes called the "Sahih Sittah". They consist of Sahih al-Bukhari, Sahih Muslim, Sunan as-Sughra, Sunan Abu Dawood, Jami al-Tirmidhi and Sunan ibn Majah. Huraira is the most quoted person in these books.

Quranism

Quranism (; "al-Qur'āniyya") is the belief that the Quran is the only source for Islam. Followers of the group are called Quranist Muslims, or Quran alone Muslims or Quraniyoon. Quranists reject the Hadiths as they believe that the Hadith literature which exists today is apocryphal, as it had been written three centuries after the death of the Islamic prophet Muhammad; thus, it cannot have the same status as the Quran. 

The Romani word for Muslim Roma, are Xoraxane Roma, (Khorakhane, Horahane or Korane Roma), the meaning is word for word Koran followers


George Taylor (Medal of Honor)

George Taylor (November 15, 1830 – October 7, 1893) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War. He was also a recipient of the Medal of Honor, which is the U.S. military's highest decoration. He got it for his actions at the Battle of Mobile Bay.

Taylor was born on November 15, 1830, in Watertown, New York. He was still living in that state when he joined the Navy. He served during the Civil War as an armorer on the . At the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864 his ship engaged the . It was struck by a broadside at close range. The Confederate artillery shells hit "Lackawanna's" berth deck near the magazine. This caused mass casualties and ignited loose gunpowder. It spilled onto the floor while "Lackawanna's" sailors were assembling their own shells. The flames moved along a passageway towards the powder room where 17 tons of gunpowder were stored. Although he had received a wound to his forehead Taylor ran towards the fire and extinguished it with his bare hands. This saved his ship. He then returned to his duties for the remainder of the battle. While putting out the fire his hands were burned down to the bone. For this action, he was given the Medal of Honor four months later, on December 31, 1864.

Taylor's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
On board the U.S.S. "Lackawanna" during successful attacks against Fort Morgan, rebel gunboats and the ram "Tennessee" in Mobile Bay, on 5 August 1864. When an enemy shell exploded in the shellroom, Taylor although wounded went into the room and, with his hand, extinguished the fire from the explosion. He then carried out his duties during the remainder of the prolonged action which resulted in the capture of the prize rebel ram "Tennessee" and in the damaging and destruction of Fort Morgan.

Taylor died on October 7, 1893. He was 62 and was buried in Paragould, Arkansas.

Ferdinand Lemaire

Ferdinand Lemaire was a librettist and writer. He is best remembered as the librettist for Camille Saint-Saëns's opera "Samson et Delila" (1876). Lemaire was born in Martinique. He was a creole. He married into Saint-Saëns's family. He agreed to write "Samson" but only as opera, rather than as an oratorio as the composer first intended. 

Pauline Viardot

Pauline Viardot (18 July 1821 – 18 May 1910) was a 19-century French mezzo-soprano of Spanish descent. She also taught and composed. She was instrumental in getting Camille Saint-Saens's "Samson and Delilah" composed and staged.

Seoul Guarantee Insurance Company

Seoul Guarantee Insurance Company (SGIC, ) is a financial services company in South Korea. Its headquarters are in Seoul. SGIC is the largest provider of surety and trade credit insurance. It is fully owned by Korea Deposit Insurance Corporation. KDIC is a government institution that insures bank deposits.

The company was formed after the merger between Hankuk and Korea Fidelity and Surety Corporation. It happened during the economic crisis that hit Korea in 1998. A mass layoff and restructuring followed.


Special cities of Japan

, also known as Special Case cities, is a defined class or category of Japanese cities. It is a local administrative division created by the national government. All special cities have a population greater than 200,000.

The special or special case cities were created because of the Local Autonomy Law of Japan. Each city does many of the things normally done by prefectures. 

Special cities were recognized starting in 2000. There are 40+ of these cities, including



Rockfish, Virginia

Rockfish is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States. 

It was among the communities severely affected by flash flooding from Hurricane Camille in 1969.

Rockfish was frequently referenced in the CBS television series "The Waltons". It was noted as being the closest town to Waltons Mountain. Which was the fictional version of the nearby community of Schuyler.

Also known as "Rockfish Depot" even though the railroad depot building has been gone for decades.


Lowesville, Virginia

Lowesville is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States. It lies along the path of the now-defunct Virginia Blue Ridge Railway.


Virginia Blue Ridge Railway

The Virginia Blue Ridge Railway (VBR) is a historic intrastate short line railroad. It operated in central Virginia in the 20th century.

The company was incorporated in 1914. Construction was started in 1915. The VBR went between Tye River Depot in Nelson County to Massies Mill. It met up with the Southern Railway in Massies Mill. The railroad followed the course of the Tye and Piney Rivers for several miles. It eventually enters the mountains. It was initially built to haul chestnut for lumber out of the heavily-timbered Piney River area to local mills until World War I. The chestnut blight wiped out much of the timbered areas. The railroad later served several quarries in the area where titanium dioxide and aplite were mined. It passed through the communities of Roses Mill, Piney River, Canopy, Lowesville, and Buffalo Mine.

The line was abandoned in 1980. In the early 21st century, part of the roadbed was being developed as a rails-to-trails project, the Blue Ridge Railway Trail.


Roses Mill, Virginia

Roses Mill is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States. It lies along the path of the now-defunct Virginia Blue Ridge Railway. 


Adial, Virginia

Adial is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.


Rimouski Océanic

The Rimouski Océanic are a Canadian ice hockey team. That began playing in 1995. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Rimouski, Quebec at the Colisée de Rimouski.

The team first started as the Sherbrooke Castors and they played in Sherbrooke from 1969 to 1982 before they moved to Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec in 1982 and became the Saint-Jean Castors. They later renamed themselves the Saint-Jean Lynx. The team moved to Rimouski in 1995 and became the Rimouski Océanic.

Many NHL players have played for their team including Sidney Crosby, Vincent Lecavalier, Brad Richards, Ryane Clowe and Michael Frolík.

The team won both the QMJHL championship and the Memorial Cup in the 1999–00 season.


Connie McHugh

Connie Black McHugh was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.

Shawinigan Cataractes

The Shawinigan Cataractes are a Canadian ice hockey team. That began playing in 1995. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Shawinigan, Quebec at the Centre Bionest de Shawinigan.

The team was first known as the Shawinigan Bruins but they changed their name in 1973. The team was then known as the Shawinigan Dynamos from until 1978. They are only team in the history of the QMJHL to occupy the same city since its inception.

The team won the Memorial Cup in 2012.


Victoriaville Tigres

The Victoriaville Tigres are a Canadian ice hockey team. That began playing in 1982. The team currently plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Victoriaville, Quebec at the Colisée Desjardins.

The team first started in 1986 and played in Longueuil, Quebec where they were known as the Longueuil Chevaliers. The Chevaliers moved from Longueuil to Victoriaville in 1987 and were renamed the Tigres. 

The Tigres won the President's Cup in 2002. They also competed in the Memorial Cup finals in 2002 but lost against the Kootenay Ice.


Chemical weapons in World War I

Chemical weapons were a major part of World War I. It was the first time that chemical weapons were widely used in warfare. The gas was very harmful to both sides because the gas would often blow back into the attackers front lines. For this reason the use of gas was feared by both sides. Gas masks were used to stop the gas by preventing it from traveling to the lungs. The first masks were big and clumsy. This caused them to be hated.

The soldiers and the public had been told that the First World War would have been over by December of 1914. In 1916 the war was still going on, and a stalemate had been reached. ‘The Triple Alliance’ and ‘The Triple Entente’ had to compete to create better technology to break the stalemate and to win the war.

Gas was a very effective way of attacking the enemy without direct contact. The first use of gas in the war was in 1914, when the French used tear gas grenades against the Germans. This sparked an idea for the Germans, and on 31st of January 1915, they first used Gas on a large scale. Over 18,000 shells filled with gas were launched towards the Russians. This attack failed. Chlorine Gas saw its first use on the 22nd of April 1915 by the Germans against the French. The French thought it was tear gas so took not so much notice of it. As it hit them, they fled in fear and some were overcome with the poisonous gas. A big opportunity had opened up for the Germans. They however had not thought Chlorine Gas had such deadly effects, so retreated, missing a huge opportunity.

Britain’s first use of gas was in December of 1915. This caused public outcry. People saw it as inhumane. This lasted during and after the war. The factories that manufactured the gases were not allowed to call them gases. An act had been signed years before forbidding the use of poisonous gases in combat. The gas was referred to as an accessory.

In WWII, Hitler refused to use gas against the enemy, as he was a victim of a gas attack in the past.


Many soldiers suffered from gas attacks but only 3% of those affected actually died. However blindness was a common side effect of exposure. Death was slow and very painful. Most soldiers were sent home to die. Some took many months to die.

Russia suffered the most casualties, adding up to a total of 57,000. Gas attacks were the thing soldiers in the trenches feared over anything. 


Jet Set Radio Future

Jet Set Radio Future is a video game that was made by Smilebit. It is published by Sega and is available for Xbox. It is the sequel to the 2000 video game, "Jet Grind Radio", and also as a part of "Jet Set Radio" series.

The game is set in a futuristic Tokyo which the player as part of a gang trys to gain control of. The games gameplay also requires the player to find other gangs graffiti tags and tag over them when the player collects enough spraycans that are littered around each stage. The game's tagging system is also different from the last game. Some of the tagging locations contain multiple spray targets which depend on the tag's size. Time limits for stages are removed and the stages are interconnected.


Dreadnought

A dreadnought is a navy battleship. A battleship is a large ship used in ocean battles between countries. The first dreadnoughts were made in the early 20th century. They were named after The HMS Dreadnought, of the Royal Navy, the first ship of this type.

The first dreadnought was launched in 1906 by the United Kingdom, and was a new design of battleship. These ships had bigger guns; they also had guns that could shoot longer distances. Heavy steel layers were built on to the dreadnoughts as protection, which made them very strong and hard to sink. They were also much faster than older battleships. 

World War 1 was the first war in which dreadnoughts were used. After the war, a treaty was signed in Washington DC to limit the construction of battleships. This treaty helped stop the manufacturing of dreadnoughts. Japan, the UK, France, Italy and the United States signed this treaty. In the middle 1930s Italy and Japan renounced the treaty and started building larger ones, and the other countries followed.

Chromo, Colorado

Chromo is an unincorporated town and U.S. Post Office in Archuleta County, Colorado, United States. The Chromo Post Office has the ZIP Code 81128.

Chromo is located at (37.036818,-106.843243).

Swahili coast

Swahili coast refers to the East cost of Africa inhabited by the Swahili people, that is Kenya, Tanzania and the northern part of Mozambique. Sometimes the islands off this coast are also included. Examples of such islands are Zanzibar, Comoros and Pate.

Robert Bork

Robert Heron "Bob" Bork (March 1, 1927 – December 19, 2012) was an American writer, politician, lawyers, and legal scholar who was nominated by Ronald Reagan to be part of the Supreme Court in 1987, but his nomination was rejected by the Senate. He was the United States Solicitor General and acting United States Attorney General.

Bork was born on March 1, 1927 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He studied at the University of Chicago. He was married to Claire Davidson from 1952 until her death in 1980. Then he was married to Mary Ellen Pohl from 1982 until his death in 2012. With Davidson he had three children. Bork died on December 19, 2012 from heart disease.


Alphonso Taft

Alphonso Taft (November 5, 1810 – May 21, 1891) was the United States Attorney General and United States Secretary of War under President Ulysses S. Grant. He was the father of U.S. President William Howard Taft.

Taft was born on November 15, 1810 in Townshend, Vermont. He was raised in Cincinnati, Ohio. Taft stuided at Yale College, at Yale Law School, and at Yale University. He was married to Fanny Phelps from 1841 until her death in 1951. They had five children. Then he was married to Lousie Maria Torrey from 1853 until his death in 1891. They had five children. Taft died on May 21, 1891 in San Diego, California from heart failure, aged 80.

Bacolet

Bacolet is a town on the island of Tobago, Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. The town itself lies beneath Fort King George at the Bacelot Bay. It is near Scarborough, Tobago, to the south-east of the island-capital. It is one of the most developed parts of Tobago where the high society of the island lives. There are also many villas and hotels for tourists.

The Dwight Yorke Stadium is located in Bacolet.

Dwight Yorke Stadium

The Dwight Yorke Stadium is in Bacolet, Tobago, (Trinidad and Tobago). It is named after former Manchester United footballer Dwight Yorke. The stadium was constructed for the 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship which was hosted by Trinidad and Tobago. The Dwight Yorke Stadium can seat 7,500. It is on the Island of Tobago. The stadium is only minutes from the capital Scarborough and 25 minutes from the airport. It is used by the local football team. The playing surface dimension is 105 metres x 68 metres.

The stadium hosted the 2005 Carifta Track and Field Championships and is also used for minor Tobagonian athletics events.

It also hosted games from the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup.

List of ambassadors of the United States to the United Nations

The United States Ambassador to the United Nations is the leader of the delegation of the United States, the U.S. Mission to the United Nations. Its incumbent is Linda Thomas-Greenfield since February 25, 2021.

Ambassadors that served in political positions include Adlai Stevenson, George H.W. Bush, Jeane Kirkpatrick, Madeleine Albright, John R. Bolton, Susan Rice and Nikki Haley.

The following is a chronological list of those who have held the office:


Ben Herring

Ben Herring (born 14 March 1980, Auckland, New Zealand) is a former rugby union player. He played for the Leicester Tigers in the Guinness Premiership. His position is flanker. Herring missed out on a 2007 Super 14 rugby contract with any New Zealand Super 14 team. He negotiated a move to join the Leicester Tigers in early 2007. In April 2009 Herring retired on medical advice after suffering a series of concussions.


Barłogi, Lubusz Voivodeship

Barłogi (formerly German "Berloge") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowice within Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship. It is in western Poland. It is about south of Bobrowice. It is about south of Krosno Odrzańskie and west of Zielona Góra.

Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

The village has a population of 85.

Gmina Bobrowice

Gmina Bobrowice is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. Its seat is the village of Bobrowice. It lies approximately south of Krosno Odrzańskie and west of Zielona Góra.

The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 3,113.

Gmina Bobrowice contains the villages and settlements of Barłogi, Bobrowice, Bronków, Bronkówek, Brzezinka, Chojnowo, Chromów, Czeklin, Dachów, Dęby, Dychów, Janiszowice, Kołatka, Kukadło, Lubnica, Młyniec, Prądocinek, Przychów, Strużka, Tarnawa Krośnieńska, Wełmice and Żarków.

Gmina Bobrowice is bordered by the gminas of Dąbie, Gubin, Krosno Odrzańskie, Lubsko and Nowogród Bobrzański.


Czeklin

Czeklin is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowice. It was formerly a German village named "Schegeln". The village is within Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately west of Bobrowice, south-west of Krosno Odrzańskie, and west of Zielona Góra.

Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

Piegłowo-Wieś

Piegłowo-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo. It is within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.

Weyer, Germany

Weyer is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.

Saint Pauls Mountain

Saint Pauls Mountain () is a mountain in Antarctica. It is high and has steep cliffs. It is 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) northeast of Round Mountain on the north side of Taylor Glacier. It is joined to Round Mountain by a high ridge. It was named by the "Discovery" expedition (1901-04).

Gabrielle

Gabrielle [ gey-bree-el-"uh", gab-ree- ] is a female name. The male form is Gabriel, from the Archangel in the Gospel of Luke. Gabrielle is a timeless and popular name that has been utilized for centuries. It is the feminine version of the name Gabriel, which translates to "God is my strength" in Hebrew. This name has a fascinating background and is associated with numerous noteworthy individuals and characters. Gabrielle has been used in various cultures and languages. In French, it is pronounced as "gah-bree-EL" and is a favored name for girls. In Spanish, it is pronounced as "gah-bree-YEL" and is also a popular name for girls. In English, it is pronounced as "GAY-bree-el" or "GAB-ree-el" and can be used for both boys and girls. The name Gabrielle has been incorporated into literature and popular culture. One of the most recognizable characters with this name is Gabrielle Solis from the TV show "Desperate Housewives." Additionally, Gabrielle is the name of the archangel who announced the birth of Jesus to Mary in the Bible. This name was ranked #448 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


 

Cities of Japan

Cities in Japan are one of the basic local entities of the nation.

Japan's smallest sub-national jurisdictions are sometimes grouped together. The term "shichoson" combines suffixes which recognize the municipalities, including

The small cities generally have populations of over 30,000.

There are three defined classes or categories of big cities. 

Each of the largest cities does many of the things normally done by prefectures. 

Japan's system of local governments date from 1947. Cities in Japan are local governments which are defined by the Local Autonomy Law.



Stephanie

Stephanie (which can be spelled in different ways) [ stef-"uh"-nee ] is a female given name. Stephanie is a name that has been commonly given to girls for hundreds of years. Its origins come from the Greek name Stephanos, which translates to "crown" or "garland." Over time, many well-known individuals have been named Stephanie, contributing to its rich history. The masculine version is Stephen. Stephanie is a very popular female name. Many celebrities and fictional characters carry the name. For example, Stefani Germanotta goes by the stage name Lady Gaga. This name was ranked #455 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


Kwon Young-ghil

Kwon Young-ghil (, born November 5, 1941) is a South Korean politician, journalist, human rights activist, and workers' rights activist. He was a member of the 17th, 18th, and 19th South Korea National Assembly.

In 1997 he was defeated by the Democratic Labor Party candidate for South Korea's 15th presidential election. He was defeated again in 2002 at 16th presidential election, and in 2007 for the 17th presidential elections. Between 1996 and 1997 he was Chairman of Korean Confederation of Trade Unions (KCTU). In 2000 to 2009 he was leader of Democratic Labour Party ().


The Mentality of Apes

The Mentality of Apes by Wolfgang Köhler is a 1925 book. It is a landmark work in ethology, cognitive psychology and the study of the hominid apes. In it the author, a leading gestalt psychologist, showed that chimpanzees could solve problems by insight (intelligence). The importance of this work was to show there is no "absolute" dividing line between the human species and their nearest living relative, at least in this respect. It was also a marker in the struggle between behaviourism and cognitive psychology which continued for the following half century. Köhler's observations and experiments were done on chimpanzees in captivity. Not until Jane Goodall's work later in the century was the behaviour of chimpanzees in the wild studied in depth.

The book in English was preceded by important publications in German, which are listed in Henle, Mary 1971. "The selected papers of Wolfgang" Köhler. New York: Liveright, bibliography 438/9. The book publications are as follows:


Jessica

Jessica [ jes-i-k"uh" ] is a female given name. The name first appeared as the name of a character in the Shakespearean play "The Merchant of Venice". Common nicknames of the name include "Jess" and "Jessie". The name Jessica comes from a Hebrew name, Yiskah, which means "to see" or "to gaze upon." Yiskah was the name of a character in the Bible who was Haran's daughter, Abraham's brother. She was famous for being beautiful and inspired the name Jessica.


Laurens Hammond

Laurens Hammond (11 January 1895 - 3 July 1973) was American inventor and he also made musical instruments. His most famous invention is the Hammond organ.


Eureka effect

The Eureka or Aha! effect refers to the moment of insight when a puzzling problem is suddenly solved. It is named after the Greek polymath Archimedes.
Archimedes was asked by the local king to detect whether a crown was pure gold, or if the goldsmith had added silver. During his trip to the public bath, he noticed how water got displaced when his body sank into the bath. The volume of water displaced equals the volume of the body immersed in the water. He suddenly realized that two objects which weighed the same in air might not weigh the same in water, because the less dense object would displace less water. This is known as Archimedes' principle. 

Archimedes leaped out of a public bath, and ran home naked shouting "Eureka!" (I found it). This story is thought by some to be a myth, but Archimedes was indeed a most notable inventor. He would certainly have experienced the Aha! effect.

There is some research on the Aha! insight. Aha! moments cannot be predicted. Insight is a psychological term describes the process in problem solving when a previously unsolvable puzzle becomes suddenly clear and obvious. Often this transition from not understanding to sudden comprehension is accompanied by an exclamation of joy or satisfaction, an Aha! moment. A person using insight to solve a problem is able to give accurate, clear, all-or-nothing type responses, whereas individuals not using the insight process are more likely to produce partial, incomplete responses.

There seems to be a two phase process. In the first phase, the problem solver gets stuck. Even though they may have explored all the possibilities, they still cannot see the solution. The second phase occurs suddenly and unexpectedly. After a break in mental fixation or re-evaluating the problem, the answer is seen. Insight problems may be difficult to solve because of our mental fixation on the inappropriate aspects of the problem. People have a good memory for Aha! moments. Insight may occur after a break in mental fixation, allowing the solution to appear transparent and obvious.

David Sarnoff

David Sarnoff was a Russian-born American broadcasting pioneer. He was born 27 April 1891 and died 12 December 1971. He picked up the alert signal from the RMS Titanic on 14 April 1912. In 1916, he had the idea for radios. After a couple of years, the RCA sold radios with a value of 80 000 000 dollars.

Insight

Insight is understanding the inner nature of things. It is a type of comprehension or learning. It can be used in several ways:

Higher intelligence (higher IQ) has also been found to be associated with better performance on insight problems. However, those of lower intelligence benefit more than those of higher intelligence from being provided with cues and hints for insight problems.

The optic nerve is part of the brain.

Oxford University has found the etymology of the word and idea of insight existing in writing at the earliest in the Ormulum of circa 1175 AD.

The definition of insight by sources, is for example: "The fact of penetrating with the eyes of the understanding", "deep", "the power or act of seeing into a situation". The idea of penetration into the psychology of the mind has existed at least since 1927, which is the year Dr. E. Minkowski described the idea of psychiatrists penetrating into the mind of patients for diagnosis. A similar idea also is found in the writing/work/ideas of Dr. C. Jung sometime after 1909, which Dr. E. Bleuler described as "depth psychology". 

Lockheed Martin

Lockheed Martin Corporation is an American aerospace, defence, arms, security, and advanced technologies company with worldwide interests. It was formed by the merger of Lockheed Corporation with Martin Marietta in March 1995. It is headquartered in North Bethesda, Maryland, in the Washington, D.C., area. Lockheed Martin employs approximately 110,000 people worldwide as of January 2020. 

C. Srinivasa Iyengar

C. Srinivasa Iyengar was an Indian politician. He was also a former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an Indian National Congress candidate from Paramakudi constituency in 1962 election.

K. Ugrapandian

K. Ugrapandian (b. 1945) is an Indian politician. He is a former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate from Paramakudi constituency in 1977 election.

Ron Gourlay

Ron Gourlay is the Chief Executive of Chelsea Football Club. He took the position on 31 October 2009, Before he was Chief Operating Officer of the club.

Ron Gourlay has worked at Chelsea for 5 years. He previously worked for Manchester United and Umbro.
He was appointed the chief executive of Chelsea on 17 September 2009. He began there after Peter Kenyon's left the club on 31 October 2009.

He was quoted as saying: "It is a huge honour to be offered the chance to lead Chelsea". "We have a fantastic team both on and off the field and those teams can move us on to even greater success in the future. To be responsible for that is a fantastic challenge and I will be giving it my total commitment, drive and energy" after being named as the successor.

Balranald

Balranald is a town in New South Wales, Australia. It is built on the banks of the Murrumbidgee River. In 2006 there were 1216 people living in the town and another 1500 live in the Shire of Balranald. The town is the centre of the Shire of Balranald, and is the largest town in the district. The main industry in the area is farming: grains, sheep, cattle and grapes. It is named after Balranald in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.

Captain Charles Sturt was the first European explorer to visit the Balranald area. This was in January 1803 as he was going down the Murrumbidgee River in a boat. In 1836, the explorer Major Thomas Mitchell camped on the site of Balranald during his trip to explore the south of Australia. The first person to begin farming was Benjamin Boyd, a squatter, in 1842. George Hobler settled in what became the town area in 1845. The town itself began when the police set up a camp at a spot where the river was easy to cross in 1848. They were there to support the Commissioner for Crown Lands, George James McDonald, who named the area after the town in Scotland where he was born.

A shop and hotel opened in 1848 and the town became an official settlement in 1851. The first 35 blocks of land were sold by auction on 14 January 1845. In 1858 the first steamboat arrived and Balranald became an important inland port. The explorers Burke and Wills camped outside the hotel in 1860 on their journey north to the Gulf of Carpentaria.

Baranald is on the flood plains of the Murrumbidgee. These plains have many swampy areas which have redgum and blackbox forests. It is also a habitat for the Southern Bell Frog, or Growling Grass Frog, which is on the NSW list of endangered species.

United States fiscal cliff

The United States fiscal cliff was an economic situation in the United States in 2012. Several tax increases and spending cuts happened at about the same time, causing a sudden fall in the US budget deficit. A compromise was reached which delayed the economic impact.

Leaf spring

A Leaf spring is a spring type, usually it has been used in vehicles but nowadays current type is not so popular. Using leaf spring is one of the oldest ways to make suspension.

Camp Funston

Camp Funston was a U.S. Army training camp during World War I located on Fort Riley, southwest of Manhattan, Kansas. American soldiers were there in France in the spring of 1918. Camp Funston was the largest of the 16 camps. The camp was to help soldiers for the military. The money the camp got was $10 million. The camp was . There was space for the commander (officer) to rest. The ground was divided into 4 blocks each by . The camp could fit 2,000 people in it. There were 3 theaters, a large pool, a barbershop, restaurants, clothing stores, and an arcade (a place with lots of stores on one side). The west division of the camp was where the troops stayed from Kansas, Missouri, and Colorado.

One of the people in charge of the camp was Leonard Wood. He trained all of the troops. Each of the malls, stores, and restaurants paid money back to the camp to help the camp have money.

In March 1918, a sickness called the Spanish flu went to just about everyone in the camp.

U-boat

A U-boat is a military submarine used by Germany. German submarines were most active in the First Battle of the Atlantic in World War I and the Battle of the Atlantic in World War II. Although they could be very effective as weapons against enemy warships, they were most effective in economic warfare (commerce raiding) and enforcing naval blockades against enemy shipping.

The name is an abbreviation of the German ("undersea boat"). In English, "U-boat" refers exclusively to the German vessels used during the World Wars. In German, however, the term "U-Boat" refers to any submarine, including military and civilian ones and modern and foreign ones. Austro-Hungarian Navy submarines were also known as "U-boats".

Kampos, Karditsa

Kampos () is a former community in the Karditsa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of Karditsa. Population 5,469 (2001). The seat of the community was in Stavros.

Mordellistena degressa

Mordellistena degressa is a species of beetle in the family "Mordellidae". It is in the "Mordellistena" genus. It was discovered in 1917. 

Mordellistena

Mordellistena is a genus (type) of beetles in the family Mordellidae. It contains many species.

They are "tumbling flower beetles", so-called for the typical irregular movements they make when escaping predators.

Holism

Holism is the idea that natural systems (physical, biological, chemical, social, economic, mental, linguistic, etc.) and their properties, should be viewed as wholes, not as collections of parts. This often includes the view that systems somehow function as wholes and that their functioning cannot be fully understood solely in terms of their component parts.

Reductionism is often viewed as the opposite of holism. Reductionism in science says that a complex system can be explained by "reduction" to its fundamental parts. For example, the processes of biology are reducible to chemistry and the laws of chemistry are explained by physics.

Social scientist and physician Nicholas A. Christakis explains that "for the last few centuries, the Cartesian project in science has been to break matter down into ever smaller bits, in the pursuit of understanding. And this works, to some extent...but putting things back together in order to understand them is harder, and typically comes later in the development of a scientist or in the development of science".


The Lone Ranger (TV series)

The Lone Ranger is a 30-minute American western television series. It stars Clayton Moore as The Lone Ranger and Jay Silverheels as The Lone Ranger's Indian pal Tonto. The series was one of the highest-rated series in television's early years and ABC's first true "hit". Its first run lasted from September 15, 1949 to June 8, 1957. Its first five seasons were broadcast in black and white. Its last season aired in color. There was a total of 221 episodes.

George Trendle and Fran Striker were producers. John Hart briefly took the role of The Lone Ranger while Moore was tied-up in a salary dispute with producers. Oil millionaire Jack Wrather bought the show in 1954. Wrather's other television 
properties included the hit series "Lassie" and "Sgt. Preston of the Yukon". Two feature-length movies were produced after the show was canceled, "The Lone Ranger" (co-starring Wrather's wife Bonita Granville Wrather) and "The Lone Ranger and the Lost City of Gold".

Some episodes are available on video and DVD. The series is sometimes seen in reruns. The series was known for its use of classical music collected from many sources. Especially famous was the series's opening and closing music, a part of Gioachino Rossini's "William Tell Overture". Equally well known were the cries heard at the end of each episode of "Who was that masked man?" and The Lone Ranger's "Hi-Yo, Silver! Away!" Much merchandise was manufactured during the series run such as toys, games, costumes, guns and holsters, and comic books.

Pembroke College, Cambridge

Pembroke College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was created in 1347 on Christmas Eve. This was when Edward III gave Marie de St Pol the right to build a new college. She was the wife of the Earl of Pembroke, who died in 1327. The name of the college comes from him. However, it used to be called "Hall of Valence Mary" and only in 1856 the name was changed to the current one.

Pembroke College has about 700 students. The buildings within the college are of very different age. The oldest ones are from the 14th century, including the Chapel. The Hall was built later in the 1850s, and many of the student's rooms after the 1950s. It is found on Trumpington Street, which is near King's Parade, the main street in Cambridge.

Some very important people have studied here, like John Sulston (he won the 2002 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine) and Edmund Spenser (a poet).


William Dean Howells

William Dean Howells (March 1, 1837 – May 11, 1920) was an American author and literary critic. His works include the Christmas story "Christmas Every Day" and the novel "The Rise of Silas Lapham". He married Elinor Mead and had three children.


The following were written during his residence in England and in Italy, as was "The Rise of Silas Lapham" in 1885.


He returned to the United States in 1886. He wrote various types of works, including fiction, poetry, and farces, of which "The Sleeping Car, The Mouse-Trap, The Elevator"; "Christmas Every Day"; and "Out of the Question" are characteristic.




Doughboy

Doughboy was a nickname given to the 85,000 American soldiers who fought in France during World War I. Their leader was John J. Pershing. 

The word "doughboy" was well known almost 100 years before World War I in Britain and America. Doughboy had a different meaning then. Soldiers in Spain, America, and Britain were all familiar with fried doughnuts called doughboys. Because of the occasional contact of the nation's armed force and transatlantic migration, it seems likely that this usage was known to the members of the U.S. Army by the early 19th century. 

Though the first person to use the term is unclear, it was in use as early as the 1840s. One place that may have used "doughboy" first was during the Mexican–American War. Infantry forces, the army, were always covered with dust from marching through Mexico. This made the men look like uncooked dough. Another idea is the dusty infantry men looked like the mud bricks used in the area called adobes. Another idea is that doughboys were named this was because of their way of cooking field servings in the 1840s and 1850s when they baked doughy flour and rice mixtures in the ashes of a fire, but this does not explain why only army men had the doughboy name. 

Colourful Radio

Colourful Radio is a commercial radio station in London. It broadcasts to Birmingham and Manchester on DAB Digital Radio. It also plays over the Internet. Colourful Radio's output is split between news, current affairs and music. The type of music the station plays is a combination of afrobeat, soul, rnb, reggae, and jazz-funk.

Colourful Radio was officially founded in 2002 by Kofi Kusitor. It went public in 2004 as the UK's first internet audio stream. It played various shows over the internet until it joined Sky satellite in 2006.

Colourful Radio began broadcasting on DAB on 2 March 2009. By then Mr Kusitor had appointed as Head of Station, Gordon Mac (formerly of KISS FM) and as Head of Programmes Henry Bonsu (former presenter of BBC London 94.9) to ran the station. 


Cootie

Cootie is a roll-and-move-, 3-dimensional, table-top children's game for 2 to 4 players. At the roll of the die, the player selects a component of the cootie such as the head or the tongue. The winner is the first to complete his cootie. Schaper's plastic bug has become an icon. For some, it is a symbol for the baby boomer generation.

The game was invented in 1948 by William Schaper. It sold in the millions after being launched in 1949. There were many games called "Cootie" in the early years of the 20th century. Only Schaper's game had a free-standing cootie though. The game is now produced by Hasbro subsidiary Milton Bradley. In 2003, "Cootie" was named to the Toy Industry Association's "Century of Toys List".


Play-Doh

Play-Doh is a children's modeling compound made of wheat flour, water, salt, boric acid, and mineral oil. It was first made in Cincinnati, Ohio, U.S., as a wallpaper cleaner in the 1930s. Children began using it as a modeling compound. It was changed and marketed to schools in the middle 1950s. Play-Doh was used at an educational convention in 1956. Important department stores opened retail accounts. Advertisements on many children's television shows in 1957 brought more sales. Play-Doh has much spinoff merchandise, such as The Fun Factory. In 2003, the Toy Industry Association named Play-Doh in its "Century of Toys List".

The non-toxic, non-staining, reusable modeling compound that came to be known as "Play-Doh" was a stretchy, putty-like substance made by Noah McVicker of Cincinnati-based soap manufacturer Kutol Products. It was made at the request of Kroger Grocery, who wanted a product that could clean coal residue from wallpaper. Following World War II, with the change from coal-based home heating to natural gas and the resulting decrease in coal soot, and the introduction of washable vinyl-based wallpaper, the market for wallpaper cleaning putty decreased quite a lot. 
McVicker's nephew, Joe McVicker, joined Kutol to save the company from bankruptcy. Joe McVicker was the brother-in-law of nursery school teacher Kay Zufall, who had seen a newspaper article about making art projects with the wallpaper cleaning putty. Her students enjoyed it, and she persuaded Noah McVicker and Joe McVicker to manufacture it as a child’s toy. Zufall and her husband came up with the name Play-Doh; Joe McVicker and his uncle Noah had wanted to call it "Rainbow Modeling Compound".

Onslow, Nova Scotia

Onslow is a small Canadian rural community in central Colchester County, Nova Scotia. It is an unincorporated community. The community is located along the north bank of the Salmon River. It is on the opposite side of the river from the town of Truro. It is largely a farming area. It is in a region first settled by Europeans as Onslow Township (1761).

An important highway interchange is in the community. It is where Highway 102 ends at Highway 104.

Onslow is home to Central Colchester Junior High School. The school is operated by the Chignecto-Central Regional School Board. Onslow also contains a small corner store, a John Deere dealership and a volunteer fire department. The area is mostly farmland but people live here also and the community is expanding somewhat. In the fall and spring, migrating Canada Geese are attracted to the farmlands and corn fields. Onslow is in an area with high winds. This makes it an excellent place for wind turbines. Some farmers in the area have put up wind turbines to power their farms.

Nova Scotia Power has a power distribution point in Onslow where it interconnects the Halifax Regional Municipality with Cape Breton, South Shore and New Brunswick Power Transmission System.

Sylvie Testud

Sylvie Testud (born January 17, 1971) is a French actress, writer and director. She started acting in films in 1991. She has since won two César Awards for her performances.

She grew up in the La Croix-Rousse quarter of Lyon, France. Her mother immigrated from Italy in the 1960s and married a Frenchman. He left the family when Sylvie was just two years old.

In 1985, when Testud was 14, she started taking acting classes in Lyon with the actor and director Christian Taponard. In 1989, she moved to Paris and studied for three years at the Conservatoire (CNSAD). In the early and mid 1990s, she began to have small roles in films. She acted in "L'Histoire du garcon qui voulait qu'on l'embrasse" (directed by Philippe Harel) and "Love, etc." (directed by Marion Vernoux). In 1997 she had an important role in Caroline Link's "Jenseits der Stille". This film was a great success in Germany. She had to learn German, sign language, and the clarinet for this film. In 1998, she played Béa in Thomas Vincent's "Karnaval". This was her first important role in a French film. In 2000, she performed in Chantal Akerman's "La Captive". In 2001 she won the César Award for Most Promising Actress for her role in "Les Blessures assassines" (English title: "Murderous Maids").

In 2003, she wrote the book "Il n'y a pas beaucoup d'etoiles ce soir" about her life as an actress.

One of her most important performances was in the film "Stupeur et tremblements" in 2003. She was awarded a César Award for Best Actress and a Prix Lumière award for best actress for her performance in this film. In 2007, she acted in "La Vie en Rose". This film won two Academy Awards.

She became "Chevalier" (Knight) of the Ordre national du Mérite in March 2009.

She has two children. Her son, Ruben, was born on 15 February 2005. Her daughter, Esther, was born in January, 2011.


Mugur Sundar

Mugur Sundar () is an Indian dance choreographer. He works in South Indian cinema. He has directed dance sequences for more than 1000 south-Indian movies. Sundar was born in "Mugur", a village in Mysore district, Karnataka. He has three sons, Prabhu Deva, Raju Sundaram and Nagendra Prasad, who are established dance masters. One of his sons is a judge on the television program AATA 4. Sundaram was a judge on Vijay TV's programsJodi No.1 and Jodi No.1 Season Two. His fellow judges were Silambarasan and Sangeetha.

In 2001, he directed his first Kannada movie "Manasella Neene". It was a remake of Telugu movie "Manasanthaa Nuvve". His son, Nagendra Prasad, played a lead role in the movie.
Sundar played a guest role in a Kannada movie "Thabbali". He also choreographed a song for the same movie.

Douglas Jackman

Air Marshal Sir Harold Douglas Jackman, (26 October 1902 – 15 June 1991) was a senior Royal Air Force officer. He became Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief RAF Maintenance Command.

Jackman joined the Royal Air Force in 1926. He initially served as a Stores Officer. He served in World War II as an Administrative Staff Officer at Headquarters RAF Middle East. Then as Air Officer Administration at Headquarters Mediterranean Air Command. Next he became assistant Air Officer Administration at Headquarters Mediterranean Allied Air Forces and then Air Officer Administration at Headquarters Balkan Air Force.

After the War he was appointed Director of Movements and then Director of Organisation (Forecasting and Planning) at the Air Ministry. He went on to be Air Officer Commanding No. 40 Group in 1952. He became Director-General of Equipment at the Air Ministry in 1955. Then in 1958 he was appointed Air Officer Commanding RAF Maintenance Command. It was here he laid the foundation stone for a new Headquarters at Andover before retiring in 1961.

In retirement he became Chief Co-ordinator of the Anglo-American Community Relations Scheme in the UK.

Kurt Koffka

Kurt Koffka (18 March 1886 – 22 November 1941) was a German psychologist. He was one of the founders of Gestalt psychology.

Koffka was born and educated in Berlin and earned his PhD there in 1909 as a student of Carl Stumpf. Koffka also spent one year at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland where learnt English, a skill that later served him well. Koffka worked at the University of Frankfurt when Max Wertheimer arrived in 1910 and invited Koffka to take part as a subject in his research on the phi phenomenon.

Koffka left Frankfurt in 1912 to take a position at the University of Giessen, where he worked for over eleven years. Koffka then travelled to the United States, where he was a visiting professor at Cornell University from 1924 to 1925, and two years later at University of Wisconsin–Madison. Eventually, in 1927, he accepted a position at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts, where he remained until his death in 1941.



Standard Time Act

The Standard Time Act is also known as the Calder Act. It was the first United States federal law implementing standard time and Daylight saving time in the United States. It authorized the Interstate Commerce Commission to define each time zone.

The section concerning daylight saving time was repealed by the act titled "An Act For the repeal of the daylight-saving law".

Cable TV Privacy Act

The Cable TV Privacy Act of 1984 became effective on December 29, 1984. It provides for the privacy of personal information. It prohibits cable TV providers from disclosing personally identifiable information. It also allows users to view and verify their information.

Lewis F. Powell Jr.

Lewis Franklin Powell, Jr. (September 19, 1907 – August 25, 1998) was an American politician and judge. He was the Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.

Powell was born on September 19, 1907 in Suffolk, Virginia. He was a Presbyterian. Powell studied at Washington and Lee University, at Washington and Lee University School of Law, and at Harvard Law School. He was married to Josephine Pierce Rucker and had three daughters and one son. Powell died on August 25, 1998 in Richmond, Virginia from pneumonia, aged 90.


East Pakistan Rifles

After the partition of the Indian sub-continent ‘Eastern Frontier Rifles’ was re-grouped and renamed East Pakistan Rifles. It was the primary border protection force of the then East Pakistan provincial region. A number of Metropolitan Armed Police of Calcutta and some 1,000 ex-soldiers of West Pakistan merged into this force. Officers from the army were transferred to command and reorganize EPR. In 1958, it was also assigned the anti-smuggling duties on top of its primary role as the border guards. In 1965 India Pakistan war this force fought valiantly and successfully in a number of skirmishes in Lathitila, Dohogram, Laksmipur, Assalong and Boroibari. Major Tofael was awarded the highest military award of erstwhile Pakistan, ‘Nishan-e-Haider’, for his action in the Laksmipur Operation. The strength of the force was 13,454 during March 1971. 

Harry Blackmun

Harry Andrew Blackmun (November 12, 1908 – March 4, 1999) was an American lawyer and jurist who served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States from 1970 until 1994. Appointed by Republican President Richard Nixon, Blackmun ultimately became one of the most liberal justices on the Court. He is best known as the author of the Court's opinion in "Roe v. Wade", which prohibits many state and federal restrictions on abortion.

Blackmun studied at Harvard College, at Harvard Law School. Blackmun was never married. He had no children. Blackmun died on March 4, 1999 in Arlington County, Virginia from natural causes, aged 90. 


National Socialist Council of Nagaland

The Nationalist Socialist Council of Nagaland (NSCN) is a nationalist paramilitary group. It operates mainly in Northeast India, and sometimes in Myanmar. Its members are Christian Naga people. The main aim of the organization is to establish a sovereign state, "Nagalim". This would cover all areas inhabited by the Naga people.

The NSCN has been declared as a terrorist organisation in India.

Havaily District

Havaily District () is part of Azad Kashmir in Pakistan.

Hattian Bala District

Hattian District () is part of Azad Kashmir in Pakistan.

Anointing of the sick

Anointing of the Sick is a sacrament (a sacred ceremony) in Roman Catholicism and other Christian denominations. It is given to people who are "in danger due to sickness or old age". 

A person does not have to be dying to receive the Anointing of the Sick. It can be done for anyone with a medical problem which they could die from.

Anointing of the Sick is also called Unction. In the past, it was called Extreme Unction. ("Anointing" and "Unction" are both words for putting oil on a person. Oil is an important part of the ceremony.)

All four Gospels in the Bible say that Jesus healed many people. Catholics believe that even after his death, Jesus is still able to heal people through the power of the sacraments.

The main part of the Bible that talks about anointing of the sick is : "Are any among you sick? They should call for the elders of the Church and have them pray over them, anointing them with oil in the name of the Lord. And their prayer offered in faith will heal the sick, and the Lord will make them well. And if they have committed sins, these will be forgiven." , and also talk about the anointing of the sick.

The Anointing of the Sick sacrament is done by a priest. The priest brings oil, which he has blessed. Usually, the oil is olive oil or another pure plant oil. The priest rubs the blessed oil on the patient's forehead, and sometimes other parts of the body. While he does this, he says special prayers that are meant for the Anointing of the Sick sacrament. 

Catholics believe the Anointing of the Sick sacrament can:

Several other Christian churches have similar rituals.

The Anointing of the Sick is one of the three sacraments that make up the last rites. In Catholicism, last rites are a set of sacraments that are given to people who are dying. 

The steps in the last rites are:


People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak

The People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak (PREPAK) is an armed insurgent group in Manipur demanding a separate and independent homeland. PREPAK was formed under the leadership of R. K. Tulachandra on October 9, 1977.

Stranded Pakistanis

Stranded Pakistanis, also known as Biharis, describes the people mainly of the Biharis ethnic group currently residing in Bangladesh who immigrated to East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) with the hopes of joining Pakistan but after the East Pakistan seceded and became Bangladesh were unable to re-immigrate (due to the large distances) in 1971 and continue to claim Pakistani citizenship.

Olga Yakovleva (basketball, born 1963)

Olga Yakovleva (born 15 December 1963) is a Russian former basketball player. She was born in Leningrad. She was part of the Soviet team which won a bronze medal in the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Michael Cassidy

Michael Cassidy (1837 – March 18, 1908) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War. He received the U.S. military's highest decoration called the Medal of Honor. He got the medal for his actions at the Battle of Mobile Bay.

Cassidy was born in 1837 in Ireland. He immigrated to the United States and was living in New York when he joined the Navy. He served during the Civil War as a landsman on the . At the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864, "Lackawanna" engaged the at close range. Cassidy distinguished himself as the sponger on a gun crew. For this action, he was presented the Medal of Honor four months later on December 31, 1864.

Cassidy's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
Served on board the U.S.S. "Lackawanna" during successful attacks against Fort Morgan, rebel gunboats and the ram "Tennessee", in Mobile Bay, 5 August 1864. Displaying great coolness and exemplary behavior as first sponger of a gun, Cassidy, by his coolness under fire, received the applause of his officers and the guncrew throughout the action which resulted in the capture of the prize ram "Tennessee" and in the destruction of batteries at Fort Morgan.

Cassidy died on March 18, 1908, at age 70 or 71. He was buried at Hampton National Cemetery in Hampton, Virginia.

Hampton National Cemetery

Hampton National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery in the city of Hampton, Virginia. It sits on . As of the end of 2005 it had 27,799 interments. There are two separate parts to this facility. The original cemetery is called the “Hampton Section” and is located on Cemetery Road in Hampton, VA. It is on the western side of I-64. The new section which is called the “Phoebus Addition” or the “Phoebus Section” and is on West County Street in Hampton, VA east of I-64. It is less than a mile from the original cemetery. Both sections of the Hampton National Cemetery are closed to new interments.

The first burials took place in the cemetery in 1862. They were primarily Union soldiers who died in service or at the hospital at Fort Monroe. It became a National Cemetery in 1866. While primarily for Union soldiers, it also has the interments of 272 Confederate soldiers in their own section.

Hampton National Cemetery has the interred remains of World War II prisoners of war. Fifty-five are German and 5 Italian. It also has the remains of 28 sailors from the . It was sunk by off Cape Hatteras in 1942.

Hampton National Cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 26, 1996.





Alison Lohman

Alison Marion Lohman (September 18, 1979 in Palm Springs, California) is an American movie and television actress. She has been in theatrical features, including "White Oleander" and the erotic 2005 biography "Where the Truth Lies" (the latter was given an NC-17 rating by MPAA; it was later released unrated). Lohman has also been in TV programs, including "7th Heaven".

Haapanen

Haapanen is a Finnish surname. Some people with this surname are:

Hec Lalande

Hector Joseph Lalande (November 24, 1934 – August 18, 2010) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player that played 5 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Lalande played in the NHL with the Chicago Blackhawks for 4 seasons and with the Detroit Red Wings for 1 season. Even though he played in the NHL, he was most successful in the minor league with the Clinton Comets of the Eastern Hockey League. During his time with the Comets, he recorded two back-to-back 100 point seasons and won both the Atlantic City Boardwalk Trophy Winner and the James J. Walker Trophy Winner in the 1963–64 season. He also won the Calder Cup when he was playing with the Hershey Bears in the 1957–58 and 1958–59 AHL seasons.

He died on August 18, 2010.


Erkkilä

Erkkilä is a Finnish surname. Some people with this surname are:


Mike Hudson

Michael Hudson (born February 6, 1967 in Guelph, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player that played a total of 11 seasons in the NHL.

In the NHL, he played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Edmonton Oilers, New York Rangers, Pittsburgh Penguins, Toronto Maple Leafs, St. Louis Blues and Phoenix Coyotes. He also played in the DEL for 2 seasons; 1 season with Augsburger Panther and 1 season with Adler Mannheim.

He won the Stanley Cup with the Rangers in the 1993–94 NHL season.


Divisions of the Australian House of Representatives

The Australian House of Representatives is elected from 151 single-member areas called Divisions. They are also commonly known as electorates or seats.

The Divisions are divided among the states and territories of Australia as set out in the Australian Constitution and the "Electoral Act" It is based on population, with the following exceptions:

Within each state and territory, the boundaries of the divisions must be redrawn in a process known as "redistribution" at least once every seven years, or when the state's allocation of Divisions changes. Boundaries are drawn by Redistribution Committee. Population is based on the number of "enrolled voters" not the total number of residents.

Within a state or territory, the number of voters in each Division can not vary by more than 10% from the average across the state. The number of voters cannot vary by more than 3.5% from the average projected enrolment three-and-a-half years into the future.

The Divisions of the House of Representatives are unusual in the way they are named. Many of them are not named after geographical features or numbered, as in most other legislatures around the world. Most Divisions are named after important historical people, such as former politicians (often Prime Ministers), explorers, artists and engineers.

In some cases where a Division is named after a place, the connection to that place may have changed a lot. For example, the Division of Werriwa, was named after the Aboriginal word for Lake George near Canberra. However, Werriwa has not included Lake George for many years. The boundary of Werriwa is now 200km north of the lake.

The Australian Electoral Commission (AEC) is in charge of creating, abolishing, or redistributing the boundaries of the Divisions. Some of the guidelines the AEC use when naming new Divisions are listed below:

For the 2019 elections there were 47 Divisions: 

For the 2019 election there were 38 Divisions in Victoria:

For the 2019 elections there were 30 Divisions:

There are 30 Divisions in Queensland:

For the 2019 election there were 16 Divisions:

For the 2019 elections there were 10 Divisions:

For the 2019 election there were five Divisions:

There are two Divisions in the Northern Territory:

These Australian Divisions no longer exist:


Kansallis-Osake-Pankki

Kansallis-Osake-Pankki was a merchant bank in Finland in 1889–1995. The bank's sign was blue squirrel.


Taco John's

Taco John's International is a franchisor of a chain of fast food restaurants serving Tex-Mex food, along with its trademark side dish, Potato Olés, which are disc-shaped tater tots with a company-secret and spicy Tex-Mex flavor baked in. The chain is headquartered in Cheyenne, Wyoming. 

Taco John's was started in 1969 by Harold Holmes and Jim Woodson, with the name "John" referring to John Turner, who founded the concept and sold it to the two other men to franchise it. The chain has about 400 restaurants. It is usually found in smaller to medium-sized cities, rather than everywhere like competitor Taco Bell is.

Mytilus (genus)

Mytilus is a common genus of medium to large-sized marine mussels. They are bivalve molluscs of the family Mytilidae. Mussels are edible, and are used in various stews and soups. In life, they are attached to the substrate (rocks etc) by byssus threads.

Species within the genus "Mytilus" include:

"Mytilus" mussels are widely used as food. In California they were eaten by coastal Native American people for almost 12,000 years.


Mytilus coruscus

Mytilus coruscus is the scientific name for the Korean mussel. It is also called the hard-shelled mussel. It is a species of mussel and a marine bivalve mollusc. It is in the family Mytilidae. This species is heavily used as a food item via mariculture in Korea. and in China

This species lives along the coasts of the subtropical western Pacific Ocean. It is found in the Yellow Sea and the Sea of Japan. It can also be found as far north as the Peter the Great Gulf. This mussel generally inhabits the upper part of the sublittoral zone.

Embryophyte

Embryophytes are land plants. They are the most familiar kinds of plants, the bryophytes, ferns, gymnosperms and flowering plants. Only a few embryophytes are water plants. 

They don't include the algae. They include the Bryophytes and the vascular plants.

Embryophytes started sometime between the mid-Cambrian and the Ordovician period. Their ancestors were green algae. 

Chanterelle

A chanterelle is a mushroom that is used in cooking. It is yellow. A chanterelle looks much like some other mushrooms. About 25% of its dry weight is protein.

Rubber band

A rubber band is a stretchable band. They can be different sizes, colours and shapes. Stephen Perry patented the rubber band in England in 1845. It is useful when is need to keep two or more items together. They are made out of latex.

List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: A–F

This is a complete alphabetical list of Medal of Honor recipients during the American Civil War. This list only has the people with last names starting from A–F. Many of the medals received during the Civil War were for capturing or saving regimental flags. During the Civil War these regimental flags served as the rallying point for the unit. They also served as guids for the unit's movements. These flags were usually heavily protected. Loss of the flag could greatly disrupt a unit. It could also have a greater effect than the death of the commanding officer.

The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration awarded by the United States government. It is bestowed on a member of the United States armed forces who distinguishes himself "…conspicuously by gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while engaged in an action against an enemy of the United States…". Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient was killed (posthumously).

Recipients are listed alphabetically by last name. Posthumous receipt is denoted by an asterisk. The rank indicated is the individual's rank at the time of their Medal of Honor action.



Chinese scholar's rocks

Chinese scholars' rocks (供石 or gōngshí), also known as scholar stones or viewing stones, are small naturally shaped rocks which are traditionally valued by Chinese scholars. 

Scholars rocks can be any color. There are a wide variety of sizes. Scholars rocks can weigh hundreds of pounds or less than one pound. The term also means stones which are placed in traditional Chinese gardens.

Four important qualities for the rocks were recognized in the Tang dynasty. They are: thinness ("shou"), openness ("tou"), perforations ("lou"), and wrinkling ("zhou"). 

Chinese scholar's rocks influenced the development of "suseok" in Korea and "suiseki" in Japan.

The origin of the stone is a notable feature.




The evaluation of a scholar's rock identifies subtlety of color, shape, markings and surface. The qualities which are prized include

The stone may be displayed on a wooden base that has been carved specifically for the stone. The stones are a traditional subject of Chinese paintings.



Common kingfisher

The common kingfisher ("Alcedo atthis"), also known as the Eurasian kingfisher and river kingfisher, is a small kingfisher. Like most kingfishers, it needs a perch to do its fishing. Usual is to see it on a tree branch overlooking a river.

There are seven subspecies in its wide distribution across Eurasia and North Africa. It is resident over much of its range, but migrates from areas where rivers freeze in winter.

This sparrow-sized bird has the typical short-tailed, large-headed kingfisher profile; it has blue upperparts, orange underparts and a long bill. It feeds mainly on fish caught by diving, and has special visual adaptions to see its prey underwater. The glossy white eggs are laid in a nest at the end of a burrow in a riverbank.

Wattieza

Wattieza is the earliest known tree.

Their fossils were found in New York State.
They stood 8 m (34 ft) or more tall, and looked like the modern tree ferns.

They lived in the mid-Devonian, about 385 million years ago. They were cladoxylopsids, close relatives of modern ferns and horsetails.

The crown of "Wattieza", discovered in 2005, was united with its root and trunk, known since 1870. The fossilized grove of "Gilboa stumps" had been described as "Eospermatopteris", though the complete plant remained unknown.

"Wattieza" had fronds rather than leaves, and reproduced with spores.


Susan

The name Susan [ soo-z"uh"n ] is a female given name, based around the name Susanna; the name was extremely popular in the United States during earlier parts of the 20th century. The moniker Susan has its roots in Hebrew and signifies "lily." Its etymology can be traced back to the Hebrew term "shoshan," which also means "lily." In biblical references, the lily symbolizes purity and innocence and is frequently associated with the Virgin Mary. Famous people with the name include Susan Lucci and Susan Sarandon. Susan Collins is a United States Senator from Maine; she has been so since 1994. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Suiseki

"Suiseki" can be any color. There are a wide variety of sizes. "Suiseki" can weigh hundreds of pounds or less than one pound. The term also means stones which are placed in traditional Japanese gardens.

Chinese scholar's rocks influenced the development of "suiseki" in Japan. The history of "suiseki" in Japan begins during the reign of Empress Suiko. The small objects were brought to Japan as gifts from the Chinese Imperial court.

The evaluation of "suiseki" recognizes color, shape, markings and surface. According to in ,
It is not a silly thing at all to enjoy a stone in a tray. I see the whole world in a tiny stone. Some objects in this world are huge, and others are small, and they come in all shapes, but they are not that different when you look at their essence.
Some types of "suiseki" suggest a mountain, a waterfall, an island, a thatched hut or an animal.



Prudential Tower

The Prudential Tower, also called the Prudential Building or The Pru, is a skyscraper in Boston, Massachusetts. The building is the 2nd-tallest building in Boston. It was designed by Charles Luckman and Associates for Prudential Insurance and was completed in 1964. It is tall and has 52 floors. With its radio mast, the tower is and is the tallest building in Boston. It has an observation deck, called the "Prudential Skywalk", on its 50th floor. It is currently the highest observation deck in New England that is open to the public. The building also has a restaurant on the 52nd floor, called "Top of the Hub."

Construction on the Prudential Tower began in 1960. When it was completed in 1964, it was the tallest building in the world outside of New York City.

Since the Prudential Tower was built, other tall buildings have been built in Boston. Today, it is not one of the fifty tallest buildings in the USA.

Boston Properties currently owns the Prudential Tower.

The main rooftop mast has two FM master antennas, and a television antenna. The roof also has a smaller tower with standby antennas. These antennas broadcast several Boston radio stations.



Suseok

Suseok (수석) is the Korean term for small naturally occurring or shaped rocks which are traditionally valued. They are similar to Chinese scholar's rocks.

"Suseok" can be any color. There are a wide variety of sizes. "Suseok" can weigh hundreds of pounds or less than one pound. The term also means stones which are placed in traditional Korean gardens.

Chinese scholar's rocks influenced the development of "suseok" in Korea. 

The evaluation of "suseok" recognizes color, shape, markings and surface.



Division of Werriwa

The Division of Werriwa is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. 

The name "Werriwa" is the local Aboriginal name for Lake George. The lake was in the division when the boundaries were drawn in 1900. The division was one of the original 75 divisions for Australia's first federal election in 1901. It covered a large rural area from the south west of Sydney to the northern part of what is now the ACT. 

Over the years, the population around Sydney increased. The boundaries were redrawn and Werriwa became smaller in area. By 1913 Lake George was no longer included in the Dvision. Werriwa become a south-western Sydney suburban electorate over 150 km away from Lake George. It has kept the name of Werriwa, because it is an original Federation electorate. The Australian Electoral Commission tries to keep the names of original Federation electorates. 

Werriwa now covers the suburbs of Austral, Bardia, Bow Bowing, Casula, Claymore, Denham Court, Edmondson Park, Eschol Park, Glenfield, Horningsea Park, Hoxton Park, Ingleburn, Leppington, Lurnea, Macquarie Fields, Minto, Minto Heights, Prestons, Raby, St Andrews and Varroville and parts of Liverpool, Leumeah and West Hoxton.

It is a very safe seat for the Australian Labor Party (ALP), which has held it without a break since 1934.

Werriwa was the electorate (1952-78) of former Prime Minister Gough Whitlam. From 1994 to 2005 the Werriwa was held by one of Whitlam's former aides, Mark Latham. Latham was the leader of the ALP and Leader of the Opposition from 2003-2005. 

In a by-election in March 2005, Labor's Chris Hayes was elected with over 55% of the vote. There were 16 other candidates but none got more than 8% of the vote.



Zadar

Zadar is a small city in Croatia with around 75000 people. It is a city because it has a cathedral, dedicated to Saint Anastasia.

Cyclic vomiting syndrome

Cyclic vomiting syndrome (US English) or cyclical vomiting syndrome (UK English), abbreviated CVS, is a medical condition whose main symptoms are nausea and repeated vomiting. CVS happens more often in children but it can occur at any age.

CVS is one of the "childhood periodic syndromes". This is a group of migraines syndromes that happen to children. Children who have one of these "childhood periodic syndromes" like cyclic vomiting, will when they get older, usually get one of the other types of migraine that affect adults

East Bengal Regiment

The East Bengal Regiment () in short "E Bengal" is an infantry regiment of Bangladesh Army oldest and biggest formation of Bangladesh Army. Major Abdul Waheed Chowdhury Officer in Command of the first training Establishment of East Bengal Regiment, raised and commanded 1st East Bengal Regiment and lifted it to the 1st Battalion of the East Bengal Regiment .

People's Liberation Army of Manipur

The People's Liberation Army (PLA) was founded by N. Bisheshwar Singh on September 25, 1978. It is a separatist armed revolutionary group fighting for a separate independent socialist state of Manipur. It was the first organization from Manipur to have been trained by the China's People Liberation Army at Lhasa in the eighties. It was also trained by the NSCN in Myanmar during this time.

Naga National Council

The Naga National Council was a political organization of Naga people, active from the late 1940s to the early 1950s. Under the leadership of Angami Zapu Phizo in the 1940s, it unsuccessfully campaigned for the secession of the Naga territory from the Republic of India and creation for a sovereign Naga state.

Naga people

The term Naga people (Burmese: နာဂ, Hindi: नागा) refers to a conglomeration of several tribes inhabiting the North Eastern part of India and north-western Burma. The tribes have similar cultures and traditions, and form the majority ethnic group in the Indian states of Nagaland, Assam and the disputed territory of Southern Tibet.

Naga nationalism is an ideology that supports self-determination by the Naga people, and the furtherance of Naga culture.

Garo people

The Garos are a tribal people in Meghalaya, Republic of India and neighboring areas of Bangladesh, who call themselves A·chik Mande (literally "hill people," from "a·chik" "hill" + "mande" "people") or simply A·chik or Mande. They are the second-largest tribe in Meghalaya after the Khasi and comprise about a third of the local population. The Garos are one of the few remaining matrilineal societies in the world.

Khasi people

The Khasi are an indigenous or tribal people, the majority of whom live in the State of Meghalaya in North-east India, with small populations in neighbouring Assam, and in parts of Bangladesh. They call themselves Ki Hynñiew trep, which means "the seven huts" in the Khasi language. Their language Khasi is the northernmost Austro-Asiatic language.

Erin Burnett

Erin Isabelle Burnett (born July 2, 1976) is an American news anchor and journalist. She has also done reporting at NBC. Since 2011, Burnett has been the host of "Erin Burnett OutFront" on CNN.

List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients

The Medal of Honor was first presented in the American Civil War. President Abraham Lincoln signed a bill creating the medal. When it started it was for the United States Navy. It was signed on December 21, 1861. It was "to be bestowed upon such petty officers, seamen, landsmen, and Marines as shall most distinguish themselves by their gallantry and other seamanlike qualities during the present war." Another law was created to include the United States Army. That law was signed by the president on July 12, 1862.

While the Medal of Honor is now the highest military decoration attainable by a member of the United States armed forces, during the Civil War, it was the "only" one. This means it was often earned for reasons that would not meet modern criteria. For example, Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton promised a Medal of Honor to every man in the 27th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment who extended his enlistment. 311 men in the unit accepted. Because there was no official list of their names, the War Department issued 864. One for each man in the unit. In 1916, a group of five retired generals reviewed Army awards and recommended that these 864 and others be revoked. 

Since then 3,464 Medals of Honor have been presented. 1522 were for actions during the American Civil War. The first Medals of Honor were given to many of the participants of the Andrews' Raid. Some of the people from the raid received them after they died (posthumously). Andrews himself was a civilian and thus ineligible at the time. Mary Edwards Walker was a surgeon and became the only woman (and one of only eight civilians) who received a Medal of Honor. It was later taken away but after many years it was given back. Twenty-five were presented to African Americans. These included seven sailors of the Union Navy. Fifteen soldiers of the United States Colored Troops received it for their actions. Three soldiers of other Army units also received it. It was common for Civil War Medals of Honor to be granted decades after the conflict ended. In the case of Andrew Jackson Smith the Medal was not authorized until 2001. That is 137 years after the action in which he earned it. Smith's wait was caused by a missing battle report. It is the longest delay of the medal for any recipient.

This is an overview list of Medal of Honor recipients for the American Civil War.



List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: G–L

This is a complete alphabetical list (G to L) of Medal of Honor recipients during the American Civil War. Many of the medals presented during the Civil War were for capturing or saving regimental flags. At that time regimental flags served as the rallying point for the unit. They guided the unit's movements and loss of the flag could greatly disrupt a unit. Getting the flag could have a greater effect than the death of the commanding officer.

The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government. It is bestowed on a member of the United States armed forces who distinguishes himself "…conspicuously by gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while engaged in an action against an enemy of the United States…". Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the individual dies (posthumously).


List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: M–P

This is a complete alphabetical list (M to P) of Medal of Honor recipients during the Civil War. Many of the medals presented during the Civil War were for capturing or saving regimental flags. During this time regimental flags served as the rallying point for the unit. They also guided the unit's movements. Loss of the flag could greatly disrupt a unit. It could have a greater effect than the death of the commanding officer.

The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration awarded by the United States government. It is bestowed on a member of the United States armed forces who distinguishes himself "…conspicuously by gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while engaged in an action against an enemy of the United States…". Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed. This is sometimes referred to as posthumously.


List of political parties in Australia

This is a list of Australian political parties. There are also other parties which are only active at a state level. This list includes all parties registered with the Australian Electoral Commission (AEC).


For latest details see: http://aec.gov.au/Parties_and_Representatives/Party_Registration/Registered_parties/index.htm

Note: The Liberal Party of Australia and the National Party of Australia are in a centre-right coalition called the "Liberal–National Coalition", also commonly known simply as "the Coalition". The Coalition held a majority in the Australian House of Representatives and were in government from 2013 to 2023.

Additionally, independent politicians (mostly teal independents) hold 14 seats in the House of Representatives and one seat in the Senate.


These groups are no longer registered and can no longer take part in elections. A number of these may still exist but they are not political parties.


Lev Vygotsky

Lev Vygotsky ( – 11 June 1934) was a Russian psychologist. He worked on child development, play and language. He also developed a holistic theory of human cultural and biosocial development.

Vygotsky's early death to tuberculosis left many manuscripts. Sorting them out has taken many years.

Perhaps Vygotsky's most important work was the inter-relationship of language development and thought. This establishes the connection between speech and the development of mental concepts and cognitive awareness. Vygotsky described inner speech as being qualitatively different from normal (external) speech. Although Vygotsky believed inner speech developed from external speech by a gradual process, with younger children only really able to "think out loud".

Language starts as a tool external to the child used for social interaction. The child guides its behavior by using a kind of self-talk or "thinking out loud". Initially, self-talk is very much a tool of social interaction and this tapers to negligible levels when the child is alone. Gradually, self-talk is used more as a tool for self-directed and self-regulating behavior. Because it gets internalized, self-talk is no longer present when the child starts school. Self-talk "develops along a rising not a declining, curve; it goes through an evolution, not an involution. In the end, it becomes inner speech".
Speaking has thus developed along two lines, the line of social communication and the line of inner speech, by which the child mediates and regulates their activity through their thoughts. This is not to say that thinking cannot take place without language, but rather it is mediated by language, and so develops to a much higher level of sophistication. Just as the birthday cake as a sign provides much deeper meaning than its physical properties allow, inner speech as a sign provides much deeper meaning than the lower psychological functions would otherwise allow.
Inner speech is not comparable in form to external speech. External speech is the process of turning thought into words. Inner speech is the opposite; it is the conversion of speech into inward thought. Inner speech, for example, contains predicates only. Subjects are superfluous. Words are also used much more economically. One word in inner speech would take many words to express it in external speech.



List of Australian Leaders of the Opposition

In Australian Federal Politics the Leader of the Opposition is a Member of Parliament in the House of Representatives. The Leader of the Opposition is usually the leader of the party which has the most seats but is not part of the Government. In Parliament the Leader of the Opposition sits on the left-hand side of the table in the centre, in front of the Opposition and opposite the Prime Minister. The Opposition Leader is elected by the Opposition Party. A new Opposition Leader may be elected if the person in the position dies, resigns or is challenged for the leadership.

The Commonwealth of Australia is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system. It is based on the British Westminster model. The term Opposition has a specific meaning in the parliamentary system. Its formal title is Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition. This is an important part of the Westminster system. The Opposition directs its criticism at the Government and attempts to defeat and replace the Government. The Opposition is therefore the 'Government in waiting' and it is a formal part of the parliamentary system, just as is the Government. It is in opposition to the Government, but not to the Crown, hence the term 'Loyal Opposition'.

The current Leader of the Opposition is Peter Dutton since 30 May 2022, following the Liberal Party's defeat in the 2022 federal election.


List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: Q–S

The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government. It is bestowed on members of the United States armed forces. To receive it they must distinguish themselves "…conspicuously by gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while engaged in an action against an enemy of the United States…". Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented after the person was killed (posthumously).

Many of the medals presented during the American Civil War were for capturing or saving regimental flags. During the Civil War these flags served as the rallying point for the unit. They also guided the unit's movements. Loss of the flag could greatly disrupt a unit. It could have a greater effect than the death of the commanding officer.


List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: T–Z

This is a complete alphabetical list (T to Z) of Medal of Honor recipients during the American Civil War. Many of the medals presented during the Civil War were for capturing or saving regimental flags. At this time regimental flags served as the rallying point for the unit. It guided the unit's movements and loss of the flag could greatly disrupt a unit. It could have a greater effect than the death of the commanding officer.

The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government. It is presented to members of the United States armed forces who distinguish thesmelves "…conspicuously by gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while that could engaged in an action against an enemy of the United States…". Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).


List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Second Battle of Fort Fisher

The Second Battle of Fort Fisher was a joint assault by Union Army and naval forces. It was against the Confederate Fort Fisher. The fort was located outside Wilmington, North Carolina. The battle was near the end of the American Civil War. The battle was sometimes referred to as the "Gibraltar of the South". The fort was the last major coastal stronghold of the Confederacy. Fort Fisher had tremendous strategic value during the war.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).


List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Battle of Opequon

The Battle of Opequon was more commonly known as the Third Battle of Winchester. It was fought in Winchester, Virginia on September 19, 1864. It happened during the Valley Campaigns of 1864 in the American Civil War. Fourteen Union Army enlisted men and one officer were presented the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the battle.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War and is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented posthumously.


List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Battle of Cedar Creek

The Battle of Cedar Creek was fought near Middletown, Virginia on October 19, 1864. The battle was the decisive engagement of Major General Philip Sheridan’s Valley Campaigns of 1864. It was the largest battle fought in the Shenandoah Valley. Twelve Union Army enlisted men and nine officers were presented the Medal of Honor for their actions during the battle.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).


List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War I

World War I (also known as the First World War and the Great War) was a global military conflict that involved most of the world's great powers. The war was assembled in two opposing groups: the Entente and the Central Powers. The immediate cause of the war was the June 28, 1914 assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand. He was heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne. He was killed by Gavrilo Princip who was a Bosnian Serb citizen of Austria–Hungary. He was also a member of the Black Hand. The retaliation by Austria–Hungary against Serbia activated a series of alliances that set off a chain reaction of war declarations. Within a month, much of Europe was in a state of open warfare. This resulted in the mobilization of more than 65 million European soldiers, and more than 40 million casualties—including approximately 20 million deaths by the end of the war.

When World War I broke out, the United States maintained a policy of isolationism, avoiding conflict while trying to negotiate peace between the warring nations. However, when a German U-boat sank the British liner "Lusitania" in 1915, with 128 Americans aboard, U.S. President Woodrow Wilson demanded an end to attacks on passenger ships. Germany complied and Wilson unsuccessfully tried to mediate a settlement. He repeatedly warned that the U.S. would not tolerate unrestricted submarine warfare, in violation of international law.

By the time the United States of America entered the war in 1917—three years after the first shots were fired—several Americans had already gone to fight as pilots by joining the Royal Flying Corps. These pilots reported to Canada, and after flight training were sent to fight as officers in the British military.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War and is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented posthumously.

By the end of the war, 119 men received the Medal for their actions (33 of them posthumously): 90 from the Army, 21 from the Navy, and 8 from the Marine Corps. Among the recipients were Alvin York, who later became the basis for the movie "Sergeant York", and Edward Rickenbacker, who became a flying ace. Ralph Talbot of the Marine Corps also became a flying ace and was the first Marine aviator to receive the Medal of Honor.

Since the Medal of Honor was established, 19 recipients have received it twice, of whom 5 received both awards during World War I. These 5 men were all Marines who received both the Army and Navy versions of the Medal of Honor for the same action. This was made possible by the practice of attaching some units of the U.S. Marine Corps, a part of the Department of the Navy, to larger U.S. Army commands, making Marines in such units eligible for both Army and Navy decorations. Of the other three Marines who earned the Medal of Honor during World War I, two were awarded only the Navy version and one, Fred W. Stockham, received only the Army version. In February 1919, the criteria for the award were amended to state that no person could receive more than one Medal of Honor, thus precluding any future double recipients.



Karl Duncker

Karl Duncker (Leipzig, 2 February 1903 23 February 1940) was a German psychologist.
Until 1935 he was a student and assistant of the founders of Gestalt psychology in Berlin: Max Wertheimer, Wolfgang Köhler and Kurt Koffka.
In 1935, exiled by the Nazis, he got an assistantship at Cambridge University with Frederic Bartlett. Later he emigrated to the USA where he was again an assistant of Köhler’s at Swarthmore College. He committed suicide in 1940 at 37 years of age. He had been suffering from depression for some time and had received professional treatment. 

Duncker coined the term "functional fixedness" in visual perception and problem solving. This describes the difficulties arising from a part of a problem which normally has a fixed function. In the problem, the fixed function must be changed to reach the perception or solution.

In his "candle problem" the situation was defined by the objects: a box of candles, a box of thumb-tacks and a book of matches. The task was to fix the candles on the wall without any additional elements. The difficulty of this problem arises from the functional fixedness of the candle box. It is a container in the problem but must be used as a shelf in the solution.

Other examples of this type of problem are:



Dianthus armeria

Dianthus armeria is an annual or biennial flowering plant commonly known as Deptford pink or grass pink. It is in the family Caryophyllaceae.

It has small pink flowers that bloom from spring to summer followed by an explosive, inedible fruit. The blooms close up in the afternoon. The seeds are small and blackish or brownish. 

It is a native plant in Europe, and widely grown as an ornamental plant in gardens. It has been introduced to New Zealand and much of North America.

Gorkha National Liberation Front

Gorkha National Liberation Front (GNLF) is a political party in the Darjeeling District of West Bengal, Republic of India. It was formed in 1980 by Subhash Ghisingh with the objective of demanding a Gorkhaland state within India.

Ted Demme

Edward Kern "Ted" Demme (October 26, 1963 – January 14, 2002) was an American movie director and producer. His career began in 1988. His movies included "The Ref" (1994), "Beautiful Girls" (1996), "Life" and "Blow". He died during a celebrity basketball game in Santa Monica, California due to a heart attack. The heart attack may have been caused by cocaine. He was 38 years old when he died.

He was married to Amanda Demme from 1994 until his death. The couple had two sons. He was the nephew of Jonathan Demme.

Tie-dye

Tie-dye is a colorful pattern used on clothing. It is made by tying a piece of clothing into a tight bundle, and then dyeing it with various colors. This became very popular in the 1960s and '70s. It was often made to represent signs like 'peace' and 'flower power'.

Tie dye is an expression of emotion and is a very colourful and expressive type of art.

Dhol

The dhol is a drum used during Punjabi wedding processions and parties.
In Western Punjab, the beats of dhol have been an element in the ceremonies of the great Sufi mystics and their followers. The patterns of dhol have been developed to catalyze the mind of the devotee as is seeking spiritual trance. Someone who plays the "Dhol" is known as Dholi (). 
Traditionally the Punjabi dhol has been the domain of men.

List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II

World War II was a global military conflict. It is also called Second World War. It was the joining of what started off as two separate conflicts. The first began in Asia as the Second Sino-Japanese War. The other began in Europe in 1939 with the German invasion of Poland.

This global conflict split the majority of the world's nations into two opposing military alliances. On one side was the Allies. On the other was the Axis powers. It involved the mobilization of over 100 million military personnel. This made it the most widespread war in history. It placed the participants in a state of "total war". The distinction between civil and military resources were eliminated. This resulted in the complete activation of a nation's economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities for the purposes of the war effort. Over 60 million people, the majority of them civilians, were killed, making it the deadliest conflict in human history. The financial cost of the war is estimated at about a trillion 1944 U.S. dollars worldwide, making it the most costly war in capital as well as lives.

The Allies won. The result was the United States and Soviet Union emerged as the world's two leading superpowers.

During this conflict 464 United States military personnel received the Medal of Honor, 266 of them posthumously. Seventeen of these were Japanese-Americans fighting in both Europe and the Pacific. Additionally, the only recipient for the United States Coast Guard received the Medal for his actions during this war.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented posthumously.

 N.B. A in the citation indicates that the award was given posthumously.


Hairspray (1988 movie)

Hairspray is a 1988 American musical teen comedy movie. It was produced by John Waters, Robert Shaye and Rachel Talalay and was directed by Waters. In 2002 a Broadway musical of the same name was made. In 2007, the Broadway musical was turned into a movie. Set in 1962 in Baltimore, Maryland, it is about teenager Tracy Turnblad who pursues stardom as a dancer on a local television show and rallies against racial segregation.



Linderte

Linderte is a small village in the city of Ronnenberg in Lower Saxony, in Germany. It has about 500 inhabitants, as of 2008.

Ronnenberg

Ronnenberg is a town in the region Hanover in Lower Saxony, Germany. It has about 23,300 inhabitants.
The town Ronnenberg is divided into the districts Benthe, Empelde, Ronnenberg, Ihme-Roloven, Weetzen, Vörie and Linderte.

Alicia Witt

Alicia Roanne Witt (born August 21 1975) is an American singer, model and actor. She was in the movie "Citizen Ruth" (1996). She was born in Worcester, Massachusetts. She acted on television shows "Ally McBeal" and "The Sopranos".

List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Battle of Iwo Jima

The Battle of Iwo Jima took place in February and March 1945 during World War II. Some of the fiercest fighting of the war happened during this battle. The American invasion was called Operation Detachment. It was charged with capturing the airfields on the Japanese island of Iwo Jima.

The Imperial Japanese Army positions on the island were heavily fortified. There were vast bunkers with hidden artillery. It had 18 kilometers (11 mi) of tunnels. The battle was the first American attack on the Japanese Home Islands. The Imperial soldiers defended their positions tenaciously. Of the 21,000 Japanese soldiers present at the beginning of the battle, over 20,000 were killed. Only 216 were taken prisoner.

The battle lasted 2 months. After the battle 27 U.S. military personnel received the Medal of Honor for their actions. Of the 27 medals presented, 22 were presented to Marines. Five were presented to United States Navy sailors. A full 30% of the 82 Medals of Honor presented to Marines in World War II were from this battle.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented after the recipient is killed (posthumously).



List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Indian Wars

Indian Wars is the name generally used in the United States to describe a series of conflicts between the colonial or federal government and the native people of North America.

These wars which ranged from the 17th-century (King Philip's War, King William's War, and Queen Anne's War at the opening of the 18th century) to the Leech Lake uprising in 1898. They generally resulted in the opening of Native American lands to further colonization. They also represent the conquest of American Indians and their assimilation or forced relocation to Indian reservations.

The Indian Wars comprised a series of smaller wars. American Indians who were diverse peoples with their own distinct tribal histories, were no more a single people than the Europeans. They lived in societies organized in a variety of ways. American Indians usually made decisions about war and peace at the local level. They sometimes fought as part of formal alliances. One example is the Iroquois Confederation. They also sometimes used temporary confederacies inspired by leaders such as Tecumseh.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).


List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Spanish–American War

The Spanish-American War (, "desastre del 98", "Guerra Hispano-Cubana-Norteamericana" or "Guerra de Cuba ") was a military conflict between Spain and the United States. It began in April 1898. Hostilities halted in August of that year. The Treaty of Paris was signed in December.

The war began after America demanded Spain peacefully end the Cuban fight for independence. The demand was rejected. Strong expansionist sentiment in the United States may have motivated the government to target Spain's remaining overseas territories. These territories included Cuba, Puerto Rico, the Philippines, Guam and the Caroline Islands.

Riots in Havana by pro-Spanish "Voluntarios" gave the United States a reason to send in the warship . It was sent to indicate high American interest. Tension among the American people was raised because of the explosion of the . "Yellow journalism" added to it accusing Spain of doing a lot of bad things. This made the American public opinion show increased support of the conflict. The war ended after decisive naval victories for the United States in the Philippines and Cuba.

The Treaty of Paris ended the conflict 109 days after the outbreak of war. That gave the United States ownership of the former Spanish colonies of Puerto Rico, the Philippines and Guam.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented to the recipient after they are killed (posthumously).


List of Philippine–American War Medal of Honor recipients

The Philippine-American War was an armed military conflict between the United States and the First Philippine Republic. It was fought from 1899 to at least 1902. The conflict arose from a Filipino political struggle against U.S. occupation of the Philippines. While the conflict was officially declared over on July 4, 1902, American troops continued hostilities against remnants of the Philippine Army and other resistance groups until 1913. Some historians consider these unofficial extensions part of the war.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).

Eighty-six men received the Medal of Honor for their actions in the Philippine–American War. 70 from the Army. 10 from the Navy. 6 from the Marine Corps. Four of the medals were posthumous. Among the recipients were Webb Hayes who was the son of former U.S. President Rutherford B. Hayes. Two well known Marine Corps officers, Hiram I. Bearss and David Dixon Porter. Bearss became known for leading long-range reconnaissance patrols behind enemy lines. He was later wounded as a colonel in World War I. Porter was from a distinguished military family and rose to become a major general. José B. Nísperos was a member of the Philippine Scouts. He was honored for continuing to fight after being wounded and was the first Asian recipient of the Medal of Honor.



List of national parks in Albania

The List of national parks in Albania includes the following:




List of national parks of Argentina

The national parks of Argentina, South America.





National parks of Austria

There are seven national parks in Austria, all of them internationally accepted according to the IUCN standard. 

Austria's national parks are:

National parks of Azerbaijan

This is a list of national parks in the Republic of Azerbaijan.


Mid-range speaker

A mid-range speaker is a type of loudspeaker. These are designed to reproduce sounds which are not very low, but mid-range speaker can also play hi frequency sounds, example frequency going up to 20kHz. Depending on the speakers structure there can be a tweeter that plays hi-frequencies. Typically it is then a 3-way speaker. If there is only a woofer and mid-range speaker, it would be 2-way speaker.

Marlo Thomas

Margaret Julia "Marlo" Thomas (born November 21, 1937, Detroit, Michigan) is an American television and movie actress. She is best known for her role in the television series "That Girl" (1966-1971). She also represents the Marlo Thomas Foundation and is the elder daughter of the late comedian Danny Thomas.

Yellow Mama

Yellow Mama is the nickname given to Alabama's electric chair, which was used for executions from 1927–2002.

It was used at Kilby State Prison in Montgomery, Alabama. Yellow Mama was painted with highway-line paint from the State Highway Department lab. The chair was built by a British inmate in 1927 and was first used the same year.

List of Medal of Honor recipients (Veracruz)

The United States occupation of the Mexican port of Veracruz lasted for six months. It occurred in the midst of poor diplomatic relations between Mexico and the United States. It also related to the ongoing Mexican Revolution.

In response to the Tampico Affair President Woodrow Wilson ordered the U.S. Navy to prepare for the occupation of the port of Veracruz. While waiting for authorization of Congress to carry out such action, Wilson was alerted to a German delivery of weapons. They were for Victoriano Huerta due to arrive to the port on April 21. Because of this Wilson issued an immediate order to seize the port's customs office. They were also ordered to confiscate the weaponry.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).

Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels ordered that 56 Medals of Honor be presented to participants in the occupation of Veracruz. This was the most for any single action before or since. In total 63 Medals of Honor were received for actions during the occupation. One went to the Army. Nine webt to members of the United States Marine Corps. Fifty three went to Navy personnel.


Yukio Okutsu

Yukio Okutsu (November 3, 1921 – August 24, 2003) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Okutsu was born in Koloa, Hawaii to Japanese immigrant parents. He was a "Nisei", which means that he was a second generation Japanese-American.

Okutsu joined the US Army in March 1943.

Okutsu volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 100th Infantry Battalion. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.For his actions in April 1945, Okutsu was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Okutsu's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, he was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Okutsu's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in northern Italy in 1945. Without the help of others, he silenced three machine gun nests.

The words of Okutsu's citation explain:
Technical Sergeant Yukio Okutsu distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 7 April 1945, on Mount Belvedere, Italy. While his platoon was halted by the crossfire of three machine guns, Technical Sergeant Okutsu boldly crawled to within 30 yards of the nearest enemy emplacement through heavy fire. He destroyed the position with two accurately placed hand grenades, killing three machine gunners. Crawling and dashing from cover to cover, he threw another grenade, silencing a second machine gun, wounding two enemy soldiers, and forcing two others to surrender. Seeing a third machine gun, which blocked his platoon's advance, he moved forward through heavy small arms fire and was stunned momentarily by rifle fire, which glanced off his helmet. Recovering, he bravely charged several enemy riflemen with his submachine gun, forcing them to withdraw from their positions. Then, rushing the machine gun nest, he captured the weapon and its entire crew of four. By these single-handed actions he enabled his platoon to resume its assault on a vital objective. The courageous performance of Technical Sergeant Okutsu against formidable odds was an inspiration to all. Technical Sergeant Okutsu's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

Okutsu is the namesake of the Yukio Okutsu Veterans Home at Hilo. It is the first veterans home operated by the state government in Hawaii.



George McCall Courts

George McCall Courts (February 16, 1888 – August 1, 1932) was born in the District of Columbia. He graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1907. He received the Medal of Honor for actions at the United States occupation of Veracruz, 1914.

Rank and organization: Lieutenant, Junior Grade Organization: U.S. Navy Born:16 February 1888, Washington, D.C. Accredited to: District of Columbia Date of issue: 12/04/1915

Citation:

For distinguished conduct in battle, engagements of Vera Cruz, 21 and 22 April 1914. Under fire, Lt.(j.g.) Courts was eminent and conspicuous in the performance of his duties. He had well qualified himself by thorough study during his years of duty in Mexico to deal with the conditions of this engagement, and his services were of great value. He twice volunteered and passed in an open boat through the zone of fire to convey important orders to the Chester, then under a severe fire.


List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Boxer Rebellion

The Boxer Movement or Boxer Rebellion was a Chinese uprising from November 1899 to September 7, 1901. It was against foreign influence in areas such as trade, politics, religion and technology that occurred in China during the final years of the Manchu rule (Qing Dynasty).

The members of the Chinese Society of Righteous and Harmonious Fists were simply called "boxers" by the Westerners. This was due to the martial arts and calisthenics they practiced. It began as an anti-foreign, anti-imperialist, peasant-based movement that attacked foreigners who were building railroads and violating Feng shui. Christians who they felt were responsible for foreign domination of China were also targeted. In June 1900, the Boxers invaded Beijing and killed 230 non-Chinese. Before it ended, tens of thousands of Chinese Christians, Catholic and Protestants were killed. Most of them in the Shandong and Shanxi provinces.

The government of Empress Dowager Cixi gave her support to the boxers. This caused foreign diplomats, civilians, soldiers and even some Chinese Christians to retreat. They went to the legation quarter. They held out against the boxers for 55 days. A multinational coalition rushed 20,000 troops to their rescue. The Chinese government was forced to compensate the victims and make many additional concessions. Subsequent reforms implemented after the crisis of 1900 laid the foundation for the end of the Qing Dynasty. It establishment of the modern Chinese Republic.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipients must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).

During the Boxer rebellion, 59 American servicemen received the Medal of Honor for their actions. Four of these were for Army personnel, twenty-two went to navy sailors and the remaining thirty-three went to marines. Harry Fisher was the first Marine to receive the medal posthumously and the only posthumous recipient for this conflict.

Jimmy Savile

Sir James Wilson Vincent Savile OBE, KCSG (31 October 1926 29 October 2011) was a British predatory sex offender and paedophile who throughout his life gained fame and celebrity status in Britain as a DJ and television presenter. He was the initial host of Top of the Pops and the host of Jim'll Fix It. In 2012, a year after his death, he was accused of many counts of child sexual abuse and rape, which he committed from 1963 to 2009, and which many BBC employers are thought to have had awareness of for decades and covered up, which kept his sex abuse unknown to the public. This ultimately caused a scandal at the BBC following the allegations in which Savile was posthumously exposed for his crimes, with the police ultimately concluding that he had been a predatory sex offender. He is thought to have been one of Britain's most prolific sex offenders of the 20th century.

Savile was born in Leeds the youngest of seven children. His siblings were Mary, Marjory, Vincent, John, Joan and Cristina. His parents were Vincent Joseph Marie Savile and Agnes Monica Kelly. He died in Leeds of natural causes. He was a devout Roman Catholic. He presented "Jim'll Fix It" and "Top of the Pops". Savile was also a professional wrestler and cyclist when he was young and during World War II he was conscripted to work as a Bevin Boy in the coal mines.

Savile started being a DJ at Radio Luxembourg in 1958. He stopped working for them in 1967. In 1968 he joined BBC Radio 1. On New Year's Day 1964 he presented the first edition of the BBC music chart television programme Top of the Pops. In 1971 he was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire.

Savile was also an honorary life member of the British Gypsy Council and the first non-gypsy to be an honorary life member.

In 1990, he was made a Knight Bachelor for his charity work.

On the night of 29 October 2011, Savile was found dead in his home at the age of 84, just 2 days before his 85th birthday. Police said there were no suspicious circumstances to his death. A year later his crimes were revealed by victims. He had been in hospital with pneumonia, and his death was not suspicious.

Due to his sex abuse remaining unknown to the public at the time of his death, many tributes were paid to him, a large funeral took place for him and he was initially praised in obituaries written in the immediate aftermath of his death.

Savile had expensive tastes. He was known to own several cars including Bentley, Rolls-Royce and Mercedes-Benz, and smoked expensive Cuban cigars. He was a heavy smoker.

Savile was close friends with Edward Heath. Most of his sexual abuse was against young girls.

In 1963, a boy told police that Savile had raped him.

Since he died in 2011, 589 people have made complaints about Savile to the police. 31 said that they were raped by Savile. 16 said they were under 16 when Savile raped them. Police called Savile "Britain's worst paedophile". In March 2013 Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary reported that 214 of the complaints that had been made against Savile after his death would have been criminal offences.

It was also revealed that Savile also committed some child sex offences in his silver Rolls-Royce Corniche.

On 3 October 2012, a television programme called "Exposure: The Other Side of Jimmy Savile" was shown on ITV. In it several women said that Savile sexually abused them when they were teenagers. "Exposure Update: The Jimmy Savile Investigation", was shown on ITV on 21 November 2012.

An investigation codenamed Operation Yewtree was launched and several arrests were made. People arrested included Gary Glitter, Rolf Harris, Dave Lee Travis, William Roache, Wilfred De'ath, Max Clifford, Stuart Hall, and Paul Gambaccini.

Savile was the subject of an episode of Louis Theroux's When Louis Met! where Theroux asked him if he is a paedophile in 2001 and Savile laughed off the question and told him that those were just claims.

In June 2014, MP Jeremy Hunt apologised to Savile's victims after it was revealed that Savile had also abused dead bodies while at Broadmoor Psychiatric Hospital and he was a regular visitor and stalker.

Personal Best

Personal Best is a 1982 American drama movie in which the story is focused on lesbian issues in the Summer Olympics of 1980, directed by Robert Towne. Starring in this are Mariel Hemingway and Patrice Donnelly; the earlier plays Chris Cahill in this movie. This motion picture was rated highly, although it did not do well in the box office.

List of Korean War Medal of Honor recipients

The Korean War was an increase of border clashes between two rival Korean governments (each of which was supported by external powers). Each Korean government was trying to topple the other through political and guerilla tactics. Some may refer to it as a civil war. Though many other factors were at play. South Korea filed to strengthen their cause in free elections held in May 1950. The refusal of South Korea to hold new elections per North Korean demands was also a factor. The communist North Korean Army moved south on June 25, 1950. It was an attempt to reunite the Korean peninsula which had been formally divided since 1948. The conflict was then expanded by the United States and the Soviet Union's involvement as part of the larger Cold War. The main hostilities were during the period from June 25, 1950 until the armistice was signed on July 27, 1953.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient is killed (posthumously).

During this war 135 Medals of Honor were presented for bravery in action. Ninety seven were presented posthumously.




Against All Odds

Against All Odds is a 1984 crime drama movie in which Rachel Ward and Jeff Bridges are among the cast. This movie is about a mix of infidelity, gangsters, crime and adultery. The movie was a remake of "Out of the Past", a romance-thriller from 1947.

Zechariah

Zechariah was the father of John the Baptist. He appears in the Gospel of Luke and the Quran. He was struck dumb by an angel for failing to have faith. His voice was restored after John was born.

Pennsylvania Turnpike

The Pennsylvania Turnpike is a toll road (a road cars have to pay to drive on) operated by the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the United States. It costs more than $7 for a car to enter it from Ohio. The turnpike is a limited-access highway, which means cars must use ramps to get onto the highway. It runs across the state. The turnpike begins at the Ohio border in Lawrence County, where it goes into that state as the Ohio Turnpike. The designation ends at the New Jersey border at the Delaware River – Turnpike Toll Bridge over the Delaware River in Bucks County, where it goes into that state as the Pearl Harbor Memorial Extension of the New Jersey Turnpike. The roadway goes east-west path through the state, going through the Pittsburgh, Harrisburg, and Philadelphia areas. As it goes across the Appalachian Mountains in the middle of the state, the turnpike goes through four tunnels. It is part of the Interstate Highway System and is signed as part of Interstate 76 (I-76) between the Ohio border and Valley Forge, I-70 and I-76 between New Stanton and Breezewood, I-276 between Valley Forge and Bristol Township, and I-95 between Bristol Township and the New Jersey border. The road uses a ticket system of tolling, where cars get a ticket listing fares when they head onto the road and pay when they leave the road, between the Warrendale and Neshaminy Falls toll plazas. There is also an eastbound toll plaza at Gateway near the Ohio border and a westbound toll plaza at the Delaware River Bridge that uses cameras to take a picture of the car's license plate and send a bill in the mail. E-ZPass, a form of electronic toll collection, is also used at all toll plazas.

The Pennsylvania Turnpike was planned in the 1930s to make traveling by car better across the mountains of Pennsylvania. It went through seven tunnels that were created for the abandoned South Pennsylvania Railroad in the 1880s. The road opened on October 1, 1940 between Irwin and Carlisle as the first long-distance limited-access highway in the United States that led to the building of other limited-access toll roads and the Interstate Highway System. Following World War II, the turnpike was built east to Valley Forge in 1950 and west to the Ohio border in 1951. In 1954, the road was built east to the Delaware River. The mainline turnpike was done in 1956 when the Delaware River bridge was built. In the 1960s, another tube was bored at four of the two-lane tunnels while the other three tunnels were closed when a new road was built around them. This made all of the highway four lanes wide. Work continues to be done to make the road better, such as rebuilding the original section to today's standards, widening parts of the turnpike to six lanes, and adding new interchanges.


Free Trade Party

The Free Trade Party was an Australian political party from 1889 to 1909. It was officially known as the Australian Free Trade and Liberal Association. It was also called the Revenue Tariff Party in some states and renamed the Anti-Socialist Party in 1906. It wanted to remove tariffs (taxes on imports and exports) as well as other restrictions on trade. It argued that free trade would benefit everyone. However, many members also supported some tariffs to raise money for the government.

The party was based in New South Wales, where its leaders were Sir Henry Parkes and Sir George Reid. It was the main party in New South Wales politics before federation.

After the elections for the first Commonwealth Parliament, the Free Traders were the second largest group in the Australian House of Representatives, with 25 seats. Reid became the Parliament's first leader of the Opposition. He later became Prime Minister in 1904-05. The deputy leader of the Free Trade Party was Willima McMillan. Joseph Cook became deputy leader of the party when McMillan retired in 1903.

A separate Tasmanian Revenue Tariff Party took part in the 1903 federal election in Tasmania and won two seats. It joined with the Free Trade Party in federal parliament.

After the question of tariffs had largely been settled, Reid looked around for another cause for his party. He settled on opposition to socialism. He criticised both the Australian Labor Party and the Protectionist Party, led by Alfred Deakin. The Free Trade Party was renamed the Anti-Socialist Party (ASP) before the 1906 federal election. The Labor Party and the FTP/ASP continued to grow in electoral strength. Some Protectionists left the party to join Labor and the ASP.
Reid retired in 1908, and the party leadership passed to Joseph Cook. He agreed to merge with the Protectionists to become the Commonwealth Liberal Party in 1909.

Dubai International Airport

Dubai International Airport () is an international airport serving Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It is a major airline hub in the Middle East, and is the main airport of Dubai. The airport is the main hub for Emirates. The airport consists of 3 terminals, named Terminal 1, 2, and 3. Emirates mainly uses Terminal 3. It is the world's biggest airport for international passenger traffic, and the 19th biggest for passenger traffic.



List of living Medal of Honor recipients

There are currently 63 living recipients of the Medal of Honor, the US military's highest decoration. Of the living recipients, one was awarded in the Korean War, 47 in the Vietnam War, 14 in the War in Afghanistan, and two in the War in Iraq. Four medal holders are still on active duty in the US military: soldiers Thomas Payne, Earl Plumlee, William Swenson, and Matthew Williams.

Zero Dark Thirty

Zero Dark Thirty is a 2012 American thriller movie about the hunt for Osama bin Laden. It was directed by Kathryn Bigelow. The film stars Jessica Chastain, Chris Pratt and James Gandolfini. The main character Maya at the Central Intelligence Agency is fictional. However, the story is based on real events. "Zero Dark Thiry" was a critical success. It is considered one of he best movies of 2012. There was controversy how film showed torture. 

Maya Harris works at the CIA to find Osama bin Laden. A suspected terrorist, Ammar says the courier of Osama bin Laden may be  Abu Ahmed al-Kuwaiti. Later another suspect denies knowing Abu Ahmed. A Jordanian doctor tricks CIA agents into trusting them. He blows himself up and kills the agents. Another suspect tells Maya he buried Abu Ahmed. Maya believes that the death of Abu was the death of his brother Habeeb. May tells Dan from the CIA headquarters about this. The two track the phone of Ibrahim Sayeed. He went under the name Abu Ahmed al-Kuwaiti. The car of Sayeed arrives at a compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan. Shooters attack Maya. The CIA calls her job off because they think she is exposed. In the US, Officials discuss whether to attack the compound. 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment attack the compound and kill Osama bin Laden on May 2, 2011. 


The film got very positive reviews. It has a 91% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics said the movie was gripping and suspenseful.They also praised that the film showed how life is. The film was considered authentic. "Zero Dark" "Thirty" made many Critics' top tens list. The film was also controversial. Some criticized the movie for seeming to support torture. Some said it was a pro-Obama movie. Others said the movie wrongly got classified material.    

Wayne Hillman

Wayne James Hillman (November 13, 1938 – November 24, 1990) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played 14 seasons in the NHL.

Hillman played in the NHL with the Chicago Black Hawks for 5 seasons, the New York Rangers for 4 seasons, the Minnesota North Stars for 1 season and the Philadelphia Flyers for 4 seasons. Hillman also played for the Cleveland Crusaders of the World Hockey Association for 2 seasons and retired after his time with the Crusaders wa done.

Even though Hillman only played 1 playoff game for the Black Hawks in the 1960-61 NHL season his name was still engraved on the Stanley Cup.

Hillman died of cancer on November 24, 1990.


List of foreign-born Medal of Honor recipients

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).

Although Medals of Honor can be presented only to members of the U.S. armed forces it is not required to be a U.S. citizen. Since the American Civil War hundreds of people born outside the United States have received the medal. The most recent of these recipients being Leslie H. Sabo, Jr.. He received his medal in May 2012 for actions performed during the Vietnam War. The large number of foreign-born recipients during the 19th and early 20th centuries was likely due to immigration waves from Europe.


List of Native American Medal of Honor recipients

This is a list of Native Americans presented the nation's highest military decoration — the Medal of Honor. The Medal of Honor is bestowed "for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of life, above and beyond the call of duty, in actual combat against an armed enemy force." The medal is presented by the President of the United States on behalf of the Congress.

Of the 3,469 Medals of Honor presented as of 2012 only 28 have been given to Native Americans.

The Medal of Honor created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient was killed (posthumously).


Protectionist Party

The Protectionist Party was an Australian political party from 1889 until 1909. Its policies were based on protectionism. It argued that Australia needed protective tariffs to allow Australian industry to grow and provide employment. It had its greatest strength in Victoria and in the rural areas of New South Wales. Its most important leaders were Sir Edmund Barton and Alfred Deakin, who were the first and second prime pinisters of Australia.

The Protectionist Party formed government Australia's first government with the support of the Labor Party. They agreed to put in place social reforms that were Labor policy. Labor's program, however, was often too radical for the Protectionists, and compromises had to be made. Several changes of minority governments occurred.

The Protectionist vote had dropped by the 1906 federal election. Labor formed its first government in 1904 and its second in 1908 under Andrew Fisher. Many people believed an anti-socialist group was needed to oppose the Labor Party. Deakin and Anti-Socialist Party leader Joseph Cook, began talks to join their parties together. The more liberal Protectionists, such as Isaac Isaacs and H. B. Higgins, opposed a merger. The Protection Party was split by this issue. Most members, including Deakin, joined with the Anti-Socialist Party to become the Commonwealth Liberal Party. This became known as "the Fusion,". The more liberal Protectionists supported Labor. The Fusion would form another minority government before Fisher and Labor achieved Australia's first federal majority government, and the first Senate majority, at the 1910 election.

In 2007, a new political party, the Australian Protectionist Party was set up.


Fallingwater

Fallingwater is the name of the summer house Frank Lloyd Wright designed in 1935 for the Kaufmann family. It is in the woods over a waterfall in Pennsylvania. It is a nationally listed national historic place, and some say it is the most famous private house in the world.

The house actually sits low in the valley over the stream, but looks dramatic from further downstream. It has large terraces, and some of them stick straight out and hang right over the waterfall or the stream. There are windows and glass doors, with only narrow steel supports between them, wrapping all the way around the living room. There are also windows going all the way from the floor to the ceiling in all three stories of the tower. Most of the house is made from stone.

There are strong horizontal and vertical lines in the design of the house. It resembles the horizontal and vertical lines in the rock formations and other natural features. The waterfall can be heard everywhere in the house. Wright wanted there to be a close connection between inside and outside, and for the house itself to be natural.

The large, cave-like living room has a big fireplace built on a large rock that comes up out of the floor. This was Edgar Kaufmann's favorite place to sit before the house was built. A stairway hangs down from the main floor to the stream. A glass hatchway lets people go down it from the living room.

Some of the furniture is built right into the house. Many shelves are attached directly into the wall, sticking out without any supports that can be seen, like the floors and terraces of the house itself.

There is a guest house on the hill behind the main house. It is connected by an "S" shaped, covered walk. There is a plunge pool beside the guest house.

In 1991, members of the American Institute of Architects named the Fallingwater house the "best all-time work of American architecture".



Laurie

Laurie [ lawr-ee ] is a given name for women. It is a version of Laura. "Laura" is more common than "Laurie". Sometimes, it can also be a surname. Laurie is a gender-neutral name that has been in use for centuries across various cultures with diverse interpretations. The name Laurie originated from the Latin name Laurentius, which signifies "a person from Laurentum." Laurentum was a historic city located in Italy, and individuals who hailed from that city were given the name Laurentius. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Commonwealth Liberal Party

The Commonwealth Liberal Party (CLP) was a political party in Australia from 1909 to 1917. It was also known as The Fusion, or the Deakinite Liberal Party. It is the earliest direct ancestor of the modern Liberal Party of Australia.

The party was formed after the Australian Labor Party formed its second government in 1908. Business leaders told Alfred Deakin, the leader of the Protectionist Party, and Joseph Cook, leader of the Anti-Socialist Party, to join forces to oppose the Labor Party. In 1909, the Protectionists and Anti-Socialists joined to form the CLP. Deakin was the new party's first leader, with Cook as deputy leader. Several of the more liberal Protectionists left and joined Labor. 

The Protectionists and Anti-Socialists had a majority of seats in the House of Representatives. The new party used its numbers to force Prime Minister Andrew Fisher to resign. Deakin became Prime Minister for the third time. However, the CLP was defeated by Labor at its first election, less than a year later in 1910. 

Cook took over from Deakin shortly before the 1913 election and won government by a single seat. One year later, Cook introduced a bill removing special treatment for union members. Cook knew the Labor Party had the numbers in Senate to defeat the bill. When the Senate rejected it twice, Cook had an excuse to call an early election for 5 September. This was the first double dissolution election in Australia. However CLP was soundly defeated, and Labor became the government. 

In November 1916, the CLP made a deal with the Prime Minister Billy Hughes. Hughes had been forced to leave the ALP for supporting conscription in World War I. He set up a new party called the National Labor Party. In February 1917, the CLP and National Labor joined to form the Nationalist Party of Australia. Although the new party had more Liberals, Hughes became its leader with Cook as his deputy.

Today the Commonwealth Liberal Party is usually called the Deakinite Liberal Party so it will not be confused with the modern Liberal Party of Australia.



Australian Electoral Commission

The Australian Electoral Commission, or the AEC, is the Australian federal government agency in charge of federal elections and referendums. State and local government elections are run by the Electoral Commission in each state and territory.

The AEC also draws the boundaries for seats and makes regular changes to keep all seats roughly equal in population numbers. It organizes Commonwealth electoral roll which is a list of people who can vote in elections. The electoral roll is used by the state and territory Electoral Commissions to for their elections.

The AEC also plays a leading role in electoral education and industrial voting (votes on industrial action).

The AEC began in 1902, as a part of the Department of Home Affairs. In 1973, it became the Australian Electoral Office. In February 1984 it became the Australian Electoral Commission.

The AEC is run by a Chairman who is a Judge, or a retired Judge, of the Federal Court, the Electoral Commissioner and a non-judicial member who is usually the Australian Statistician). The Electoral Commissioner has the powers of a Secretary of a Department under the "Public Service Act 1999" and the "Financial Management and Accountability Act 1998". The Chairperson and the third, non-judicial member both hold their offices on a part-time basis.

The AEC has a National Office in Canberra and State Offices in Adelaide, Brisbane, Darwin, Hobart, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney.

Each federal electorate has a Divisional Returning Officer responsible for the House of Representatives elections within their division. Each State also has an Australian Electoral Officer responsible for the Senate elections.

The AEC's major duties are to run federal elections, by-elections and referendums. Election Rolls must always be up-to-date. The AEC must also follow up people who do not vote. After the election the AEC provides detailed election results. The AEC is answerable to the Joint Standing Committee on Electoral Matters of the Parliament of Australia. It reports to Parliament on how elections were carried out and the success of the elections in general.


National Labor Party

The National Labor Party was an Australian political party which only existed for three months. It was started by Prime Minister Billy Hughes in November 1916. Hughes had taken over as leader of the Australian Labor Party (ALP) and Prime Minister when Andrew Fisher resigned in 1915. Hughes formed the new party after he was forced out of the ALP a month after conscription was rejected by the people in the 1916 vote. Hughes still wanted conscription for World War I. 

On 15 September 1916 the Labor Party in New South Wales forced Hughes from the Labor Party. On 14 November 1916, Hughes and 24 other Labor members walked out of a meeting of the Labor members of parliament. The remaining 43 members said they did not want Hughes to continue as their leader. Hughes and his followers formed a minority Government with support from the Commonwealth Liberal Party (CLP) led by Joseph Cook. They said the Australian Labor Party was no longer nationalist. They wanted a new party that would be both socially radical and nationalist. 

The National Labor Party had to depend on support from the Commonwealth Liberal Party to govern. In 1917 the two groups joined to form a new party, the Nationalist Party of Australia, with Hughes as leader. 

The National Labor Party was never a proper political party. It did not have any organisational structure. It did get support from some trade union officials and Labor Party branches, particularly in Western Australia and Tasmania.

The National Labor Party in Western Australia started off as two separate groups. One group was the Labor Solidarity Committee based in Perth. The other was National Labor based on the goldfields. The two joined in April-May 1917, led by former Premier John Scaddan. After he lost his seat in Parliament the party turned to Federal Senators Patrick Lynch, Hugh de Largie and George Pearce for leadership and guidance. Unlike the federal party, it did not join with the CLP and kept its own identity. It worked with the Nationalist Party as partners.

The party won six of 50 Assembly seats in the Western Australian state elections of 1917 and 1921. It also held three of 30 Council seats during this period. However, in 1924 elections they won only one seat in the Assembly and two in the Council. Later that year they were taken over by the Nationalists.


Fracking

Fracking, or hydraulic fracturing, is forcing fractures in a rock layer, by fluid that is put under pressure. Although it can happen naturally, it is now used as a method to force oil and natural gas from shale.

Some hydraulic fractures form naturally: certain dykes are examples. This lets gas and petroleum from source rocks get to reservoir rocks. The first use of hydraulic fracturing to extract substances from rock was in 1947.

The modern fracturing technique, called 'horizontal slickwater fracturing', was first used in 1998. It made the extraction of shale gas economically practical. The energy from the injection of a highly pressurized fluid creates new channels in the rock. This increases the extraction rates and recovery of hydrocarbons, which are used for fuel. In 2010 it was estimated that 60% of all new oil and gas wells worldwide were being hydraulically fractured. As of the year 2012, 2.5 million hydraulic fracturing actions have been done on oil and gas wells worldwide, more than one million of them in the United States.
The supporters of hydraulic fracturing point to the economic benefits from the vast amounts of previously out-of-reach hydrocarbons. 

Opponents of fracking point to potentially harmful environmental effects. These include contamination of ground water, risks to air quality, the migration of gases and hydraulic fracturing chemicals to the surface, surface contamination from spills and flowback, and the health effects of these. For these reasons hydraulic fracturing has come under examination. Some countries are suspending or banning it. 

In 2013, some of those countries, including the United Kingdom, lifted their bans. Now they have regulations instead of outright prohibition. Fracking can greatly increase the UK gas reserves.

Deana Carter

Deana Carter (born January 4, 1966) is an American country music singer. She began her career in 1994. In 1996, she had successful singles including "Strawberry Wine" and "How Do I Get There". Carter was born in Nashville, Tennessee.

Gabriele d'Annunzio

General Gabriele D'Annunzio, Prince of Montenevoso (, , ; 12 March 1863 – 1 March 1938), sometimes written d'Annunzio, was an Italian writer, poet, journalist and playwright. He was nicknamed "Il Vate" (The Poet) and "Il Profeta" (The Prophet) and he was associated with the Decadent movement.





Kathy Mattea

Kathleen "Kathy" Mattea (born June 21, 1959, West Virginia) is an American Celtic recording artist and country musician. She had multiple strong-charting singles. Some of them are "Eighteen Wheels and a Dozen Roses" and "Where've You Been". Her career began in 1983.

Hiroshi Miyamura

Hiroshi H. Miyamura (October 6, 1925 – November 29, 2022), also known as Hershey Miyamura, was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in the Korean War.

Miyamura was born in Gallup, New Mexico to Japanese immigrant parents. He is a "Nisei", which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American.

Miyamura joined the US Army in January 1945.

Miyamura volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 100th Infantry Battalion. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

After the end of World War II, he became part of the U.S. Army Reserve. He was called to active duty in the Korean War. He was a prisoner of war for 28 months.

Miyamura's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in Korea in 1951. He fought in close quarters combat; and he stayed behind to provide covering fire while his unit withdrew.

The words of Miyamura's citation explain:
Cpl. Miyamura, a member of Company H, distinguished himself by conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity above and beyond the call of duty in action against the enemy. On the night of 24 April, Company H was occupying a defensive position when the enemy fanatically attacked threatening to overrun the position. Cpl. Miyamura, a machinegun squad leader, aware of the imminent danger to his men unhesitatingly jumped from his shelter wielding his bayonet in close hand-to-hand combat killing approximately 10 of the enemy. Returning to his position, he administered first aid to the wounded and directed their evacuation. As another savage assault hit the line, he manned his machinegun and delivered withering fire until his ammunition was expended. He ordered the squad to withdraw while he stayed behind to render the gun inoperative. He then bayoneted his way through infiltrated enemy soldiers to a second gun emplacement and assisted in its operation. When the intensity of the attack necessitated the withdrawal of the company Cpl. Miyamura ordered his men to fall back while he remained to cover their movement. He killed more than 50 of the enemy before his ammunition was depleted and he was severely wounded. He maintained his magnificent stand despite his painful wounds, continuing to repel the attack until his position was overrun. When last seen he was fighting ferociously against an overwhelming number of enemy soldiers. Cpl. Miyamura's indomitable heroism and consummate devotion to duty reflect the utmost glory on himself and uphold the illustrious traditions on the military service.

An area in Gallup, New Mexico was named for Miyamura The Hiroshi H. Miyamura High School is named after him.

An I-40 highway interchange is also named after him. It is also called the Miyamura Overpass.


Yorba Linda, California

Yorba Linda is a city in southern California, in the United States. It is approximately northeast of Downtown Santa Ana, and southeast of Downtown Los Angeles. As of the 2020 census, there are 68,336 people living in the city. In 2006 it was identified as the richest city in the United States by the U.S. Census Bureau that shows a median household income of $121,075 higher than any other.

Yorba Linda is known to have big residential properties. It is also known to have 30 horse trails which are in overall length.

Richard Nixon, President of the United States, from 1969 to 1974, and Vice President of the United States, from 1953 to 1961, was born there and is the most well known resident there, however his father moved there before it became a city.

This place was home to Native American tribes once.

In 1834, Jose Antonio Yorba's most successful son Bernardo Yorba (whom the city would be later be named after) was granted the Rancho Cañón de Santa Ana by Mexican governor José Figueroa.

On November 2, 1967, Yorba Linda was incorporated as a city.

In November 2008, the eastern part of the city was struck by a brush fire that destroyed 113 homes and damaged 50 other homes.

It is bordered by Anaheim on the south, Placentia on the west and southwest, Brea on the northwest, Chino Hills State Park on the north, and Corona on the east and bordered by the counties of San Bernardino and Riverside.

Yorba Linda is the sixth largest city in Orange County after Santa Ana, Irvine, Anaheim, Huntington Beach and Newport Beach.

The two nearest seismic faults are the Whittier Fault and the other is Chino Fault, both of which are part of the Elsinore Fault Zone.




Sanaa Lathan

Sanaa Lathan (born September 19, 1971 in New York City, New York) is an American movie and stage performer who has also done television acts, including "Family Matters" and "Moesha", the latter of which starred the singer Brandy.

Yoshihiko Noda

Yoshihiko Noda was Prime Minister of Japan from 2011 to 2012. He was leader of the Democratic Party of Japan (Minshuto). He was defeated by Shinzo Abe's party in an election in December 2012.

Noda was born in Funabashi, Chiba. His family was poor.

Holy Innocents' Day

Holy Innocents is on December 28. It remembers the killing of the male children of Bethlehem by Herod, as recorded in the Gospel of Matthew. It is not known exactly when the church began celebrating this event. The first mention of the day dates to the year 485.


The Twelve Days of Christmas

The Twelve Days of Christmas are the festive days which begin on Christmas Day (25 December). This is also known as Christmastide and Twelvetide. The Twelfth Night of Christmas is always on the evening of 5 January. The Twelfth Day can either be before or follow the Twelfth Night according to which Christian tradition is followed. Twelfth Night is followed by the Feast of the Epiphany on 6 January. In some traditions, the first day of Epiphany (6 January) and the twelfth day of Christmas are the same.

Over the centuries, differing churches and sects of Christianity have changed the actual traditions, time frame and their interpretations. St. Stephen's Day (or Boxing Day), for example, is 26 December in the Western Church and 27 December in the Eastern Church. 28 December is Childermas or the Feast of the Innocents. Currently, the twelve days and nights are celebrated in widely varying ways around the world. For example, some give gifts only on Christmas Day, some only on Twelfth Night, and some each of the twelve nights. The song "The Twelve Days of Christmas" is about this giving of gifts.


Natalia Cigliuti

Natalia Cigliuti (born September 6, 1978, New York City) is a television actress. She acted in many TV programs. The most popular of these include "All My Children" and "Pacific Palisades".

Epiphany

Epiphany is a word with several related meanings.

Originally, in Greek, it meant a striking appearance. Now it means:


Get Scraped

Get Scraped is the debut full-length album by Canadian electronica producer, deadmau5. "Get Scraped" was released on July 26, 2005 on CD and was also released on June 12, 2006 for digital download.

The tracklist for the 2006 digital download version was rearranged. The 2006 version also featured the acoustic version of "Careless" which replaced both "Message from Nowhere" and "FlashTV".


Vexillology (album)

Vexillology is the second studio album by Canadian electronica producer, deadmau5. "Vexillology" was released on November 6, 2006.

The album is only of two of deadmau5's album that do not feature his signature "mau5head" on the cover art. The name of the album is from the study of flags and their symbols. (Vexillology)


Random Album Title

Random Album Title is the first studio album by Canadian electronica producer, deadmau5. "Random Album Title" was released on November 6, 2006.

The album featured the hit singles "Faxing Berlin" and "I Remember" featuring Kaskade.

The song "Arguru" was written in memory of Juan Antonio Arguelles Rius, an audio-software developer and musician that died in a car accident.

For Lack of a Better Name

For Lack of a Better Name is the fourth studio album by the Canadian electronica artist, deadmau5. It was first released on 22 September 2009 in North America by Ultra Records and deadmau5's record label Mau5trap and worldwide on 5 October 2009 by Virgin Records

The album featured the hit singles "Ghosts 'n' Stuff" featuring Rob Swire and "Strobe", which was featured in an episode of Epic Meal Time which deadmau5 guest starred in. The songs "FML" and "Hi Friend!" were both featured in an episode of Gossip Girl which deadmau5 also appeared on.

The song "Moar Ghosts 'n' Stuff" features samples from the 1957 movie "The Brain from Planet Arous" and the classical piece Funeral march by composer Frédéric Chopin.

4×4=12

4×4=12 is the fifth studio album by Canadian electronica artist, deadmau5. "4×4=12" was released on 6 December 2010 worldwide and was released on 7 December 2010 in the United States.

The name of the album is a reference to a moment on deadmau5's Ustream channel when he was explaining his live set up for shows and said, 'Yeah, it's in four banks of four, and that equals 16,' and they were like, 'Dude, that's 12'! Everyone started saying it over and over again, and it just caught on."

The album featured the singles "Some Chords", "Animal Rights" with Wolfgang Gartner, "Sofi Needs a Ladder" featuring SOFI and "Raise Your Weapon" featuring Greta Svabo Bech of Picture Book.

The album received a Nomination for Best Dance/Electronica Album at the 54th Grammy Awards.

Margaret Mitchell

Margaret Munnerlyn Mitchell (November 8, 1900 – August 16, 1949) was an American novelist. She is best known for writing "Gone with the Wind". She was born in Atlanta, Georgia. Her mother's family was Irish Roman Catholic. In Atlanta on 11 August 1949, Mitchell was hit by a car driven by a drunk driver. Five days later, she died of her injuries. The driver was convicted of involuntary manslaughter.

Album Title Goes Here

> album title goes here < is the fifth studio album by Canadian electronica artist, deadmau5. "> album title goes here <" was released on September 21, 2012.

The album featured the singles "Maths", "The Veldt" with Chris James, and "Professional Griefers" featuring Gerard Way of My Chemical Romance. The song "Failbait" featured American hip hop group Cypress Hill and the song "Telemiscommunications" featured English recording artist Imogen Heap.

deadmau5 said during a live stream on Ustream that the song "Sleepless" was supposed to have vocals on it but he submitted the wrong file without the vocals and it was the one that was selected to go on the final copy of the album. He said that he would be releasing the real final version of the song for free soon.

The album has received a nomination for Best Dance/Electronica Album for the 55th Grammy Awards.

Thermal resistance

Thermal resistance is the opposite of thermal conductivity. It is the measure of how much an object resists heat flow.

Gosei (fifth-generation Nikkei)

The character and uniqueness of the "Gosei" is recognized in its social history. The "Gosei" are the subject of on-going academic research in the United States and in Japan.

The earliest organized group of Japanese emigrants settled in Mexico in 1897.

Imigration to Brazil began in 1908. Today, the community which grew from the immigrant children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and great-great-grandchildren has become the largest Japanese emigrant population outside of Japan, including approximately 1.5 million Brazilians. Other communities of "Yonsei" grew up in the United States, Canada, and Peru. 

The use of the term "Gosei" was modeled after an "Issei" pattern or template. In the 1930s, the term "Issei" came into common use. The word replaced the term "immigrant" ("ijusha"). This change in usage mirrored an evolution in the way the "Issei" looked at themselves. The label "Issei" also included the idea of belonging to the new country.

The term "Nikkei" (日系) was created by sociologists in the late 20th century. The "Nikkei" include all of the world's Japanese immigrants and their descendants.

The "Issei" were born in Japan, and their cultural perspective was primarily Japanese; but they were in another country by choice. Their "Gosei" great-great-grandsons and great-great-granddaughters grew up with a national and cultural point-of-view that was different from their parents.

Although the "Issei" kept an emotional connection with Japan, they created homes in a country far from Japan. The "Gosei" had never known a country other than the one into which they were born.

The "Issei," "Nisei", "Sansei", "Yonsei" and "Gosei" generations reflect distinctly different attitudes to authority, gender, religious practice, and other matters.

Differences among these national "Gosei" developed because of the histories of their Japanese emigrant ancestors.

Japanese-Brazilian ("Nipo-brasileiro") "Gosei" are a small part of an ethnic minority in Brazil. In 1990, 0.8% of the "Nipo-Brasileiros" community were "Gosei."

Japanese-Canadian "Gosei" are typical for any ethnic group.

Japanese-Peruvian ("Nipo-peruano") "Gosei" make up less than 1.0% of the "Nikkei" population in 2000.

The lives of the Japanese-Americans of earlier generations contrasts with the "Gosei" because they have English-speaking grandparents. According to a 2011 columnist in "The Rafu Shimpo" of Los Angeles, "Younger Japanese Americans are more culturally American than Japanese" and "other than some vestigial cultural affiliations, a "Yonsei" or "Gosei" is simply another American."

Professional Griefers

"Professional Griefers" is a song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 and features vocals from American musician Gerard Way from My Chemical Romance. The song is featured on deadmau5's sixth studio album "Album Title Goes Here." 

Only live recordings of the song as an instrumental could be found around the internet in late 2011 and early 2012. The instrumental version of the song was played during the official launch of Minecraft.

deadmau5 played the song with vocals during a live Internet stream and fans were able to guess that the vocal were performed by Gerard Way because of this distinctive voice. A preview for the song was uploaded on deadmau5's YouTube channel on July 6, 2012 and the song was finally released on iTunes and Beatport on August 14, 2012. 

The song was featured in the soundtrack for Electronic Arts' FIFA 13.

Jena Malone

Jena Malone (born November 21, 1984, Sparks, Nevada) is an American actress. She has acted in television programs and in movies, including "Contact", "Donnie Darko" and "Stepmom". She has also been in Broadway plays.

The Veldt (song)

"The Veldt" is a song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 and features vocals from American musician Chris James. The song is featured on deadmau5's sixth studio album "Album Title Goes Here." 

The song was inspired by the 1950 short story by Ray Bradbury. The song was created during a 22-hour live stream. Chris James was found on Twitter by deadmau5 when James created his own vocal rendition of the song. deadmau5 liked his James" rendition so much that he included it in the official release of the song.

The music video is based on "The Veldt" by Ray Bradbury and is loosely based around the 2010 video game, Limbo.

The song was ranked at #48 on Rolling Stone' list of the "50 best songs of 2012".

Maths (song)

"Maths" is a song by Canadian house producer deadmau5. The song is on deadmau5's sixth studio album "Album Title Goes Here". 

The song was originally going to be included as the 12th song on the "4×4=12" soundtrack. It wasn't chosen to be on the final version of the album because deadmau5 could not finish the song in time.

The song was featured in a video which featured deadmau5 on a water scooter riding on Lake Ontario with a helmet camera.

It was first played throughout the Meowingtons Hax Tour before it was released on February 17, 2012.

Raise Your Weapon

"Raise Your Weapon" is a song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 and features vocals from Greta Svabo Bech. The song is featured on deadmau5's fifth studio album "4×4=12." 

The song starts with a piano melody played in 4/4 time under the vocals and enters then the song enters a dubstep bassline about halfway through the song with the vocals from the beginning repeat.

The song received positive reviews from critics with David Jeffries from Allmusic saying "When the one-two punch of “Raise Your Weapon” and “One Trick Pony” introduce the Mau5’s newfound love of dubstep, you’ve got just enough variety." and Will Hermes of Rolling Stone saying "The masterstroke is "Raise Your Weapon," which breaks down into a sick dubstep beat. "How does it feel now, to watch it burn?" asks singer Greta Svabo Bech before the bass hits".

"Raise Your Weapon" was nominated for Best Dance Recording at the 54th Grammy Awards. deadmau5 also performed the song in a sequence with David Guetta, Chris Brown, Lil Wayne and Foo Fighters, with the songs being "I Can Only Imagine" by Guetta, Brown, and Wayne and "Rope" by The Foo Fighters.

Sakuteiki

"Sakuteiki" is considered the oldest garden planning book. It is believed to be the work of Tachibana Toshitsuna.

During the Kamakura period, it was referred to as the "Senzai Hisshō" ("Secret Selection on Gardens"). In the Edo period, it became known as "Sakuteiki".

"Sakuteiki" is a record of the styles of gardening in the Heian period. It describes five styles of gardening, including


Calama

Calama is a commune and city of Chile. It is the capital of Province of El Loa, and is in the Region of Antofagasta.


Batman (1989 movie)

Batman is a superhero movie directed by Tim Burton. It is based on the DC Comics Batman. Michael Keaton plays Bruce Wayne/Batman, Jack Nicholson plays The Joker and Kim Basinger plays Vicki Vale. The movie was released in 1989.

Many top stars were considered for the role of Batman, including Mel Gibson, Kevin Costner, Charlie Sheen, Pierce Brosnan, Tom Selleck and Bill Murray. Tim Burton was pressured to cast an obvious action movie star. Producer Jon Peters favored Keaton, arguing he had the right "edgy, tormented quality." Having directed Keaton in "Beetlejuice", Burton agreed.



Gosei

Gosei may refer to:

Shelley Fabares

Michele Ann Marie Fabares (born January 19, 1944), better known through the stage name Shelley Fabares, is an American movie and television actress and pop singer. Her acting career started around 1947 at age three. She played Mary in "The Donna Reed Show". She played Christine Armstrong in the ABC sitcom "Coach". 

Fabares was born in Santa Monica, California. She was married to Lou Adler from 1964 until they divorced in 1980. In 1984, she married Mike Farrell. Her aunt was actress Nanette Fabray.

Gosei (questions)

In the early 1930s, the related "Gosei" concepts were created by Vice Admiral Hajime Matsushita when he was the Chief of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy. 

In the late-Shōwa period, the Japan Maritime Self Defense Force (JMSDF) encouraged the use of the "Gosei" as a self-examination exercise. In today's JMSDF, "Gosei" is supposed to be one of the ordinary parts of daily living.

Every evening, Japan's Navy cadets are expected to think carefully about a their actions during the course of the day. This opportunity for self-reflection is guided by the set of five questions, including

The "Gosei" questions have been translated into English for discussion at the United States Naval Academy.


Gosei (competition)

The is a Japanese competition event for expert players of Go. It is also the title which is earned by the winner of the competition.

Above the Rim

Above the Rim is a 1994 American urban sports drama movie directed by Jeff Pollack. Duane Martin, Tupac Shakur, Leon and Marlon Wayans star. The movie is set in New York City and is about drugs and basketball. 

Silver Linings Playbook

Silver Linings Playbook is a 2012 American romantic drama movie. It stars Bradley Cooper as a bipolar man who has recently been discharged from a psychiatric hospital, where he was sent after attacking his wife's lover. Jennifer Lawrence as Tiffany and Robert De Niro as Pat Sr. This movie is set in Pennsylvania in 2008. It was based on the novel of the same name. Most movie critics gave the movie good reviews.

Insurgency in Northeast India

Various groups are involved in the Insurgency in Northeast India, India's northeast states, which are connected to the rest of the Republic of India by a narrow strip of land known as the Siliguri Corridor. In the region several armed factions operate. Some groups call for a separate state, others for regional autonomy, while some extreme groups demand complete independence.


Dalitstan.org

Dalitstan.org was a Dalit advocacy website active until mid-2006. It was one of 18 websites that were blocked by the Indian government following the 11 July 2006 Mumbai train bombings.

The website claimed to be run by Dalitstan, a "Human Rights Organization working for the Upliftment of Dalits, the Untouchables of India". -stan is a suffix for "place of" or "country", and forms part of the name of many places throughout Central and South Asia. Dalitstan would mean "place or country of the Dalits".

The website stated that the Dalits were the original people of India who created the Harappan civilization, and described the Brahmins as the descendants of the Aryan invaders who enslaved them.

Dibyesh Anand of the University of Westminster described Dalitstan.org as a Dalit nationalist group that also acted as a forum for anti-India Christian and Muslim advocacy.

Dalitistan.org was one of 18 websites that were blocked in India by the Ministry of Telecommunications of the Government in July 2006. The purpose of the block was to try to stop terror and hate messages on the Internet following the 11 July 2006 Mumbai train bombings.

The website was started in 1999. The domain was registered by Helen Heklund, with an address in Granbury, Texas. The website was taken down sometime after May 2006. The domain registration lapsed (expired). The rights to the name were then purchased by someone else.

Loie Fuller

Loie (or Loïe) Fuller (January 15, 1862 – January 1, 1928) was a pioneer of modern dance. She had no dance training, but got experience acting on the stage. A chance experiment with an over-long skirt gave her ideas which she eventually developed into a dance.

Fuller was born Marie Louise Fuller in the Chicago suburb of Fullersburg (now Hinsdale, Illinois). She began her theatrical career as a professional child actress and later choreographed and performed dances in burlesque (as a skirt dancer), vaudeville, and circus shows.

Fuller developed her own natural movement and improvisation techniques. Fuller combined her choreography with silk costumes seen by multi-coloured lighting of her own design.

Although Fuller became famous in America through works such as "Serpentine Dance" (1891), she felt that she was not taken seriously by the public. Her warm reception in Paris during a European tour persuaded Fuller to stay in France. A regular performer at the Folies Bergère with works such as "Fire Dance", Fuller became the embodiment of the Art Nouveau movement. An 1896 film of the "Serpentine Dance" gives a hint of what her performance was like (the unknown dancer in the film is not Fuller).

In connecting free dance, billowing skirts and materials, color and lighting effects, Fuller was in sympathy with several other dancers of that period. All performed in Paris, on the Moulin Rouge or Folies Bergère stage, or both. These stages, as was usual in music hall generally, offered a series of separate acts rather than one continuous work. 

Fuller held patents related to stage lighting. They including chemical compounds for creating color gel and the use of chemical salts for lluminescent lighting, and garments (stage costumes US Patent 518347). She tried to create a patent of her "Serpentine Dance" to stop imitators from using her choreography or claiming to be her. Fuller gave a written description of her dance to the United States Copyright Office; however, a US Circuit Court judge denied Fuller's request for an injunction. The "Serpentine Dance" told no story and was therefore not eligible for copyright protection. At that time dance was only protected if it qualified as "dramatic" and Fuller's dance was too abstract for this qualification. The precedent set by Fuller's case remained in place from 1892 until 1976, when Federal Copyright Law extended protection to choreographic works.

Fuller's autobiographical memoire ""Quinze ans de ma vie"" was written in French and published by in 1908 with an introduction by Anatole France. She drafted her memoires again in English a few years later, which were published under the title ""Fifteen Years of a Dancer's Life"" by Herbert Jenkins (London) in 1913. The New York Public Library Jerome Robbins Dance Collection holds the nearly complete manuscript to the English edition and materials related to the French edition.

Frank Ono

Frank H. Ono (June 5, 1923 – May 6, 1980) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Ono was born in Colorado. His parents were immigrants from Japan. He was a "Nisei", which means that he was a second generation Japanese-American.

Ono joined the US Army in September 1943.

He volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 442nd Regimental Combat Team. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in July 1944, Ono was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Ono's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, his family was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Ono's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in northern Italy in 1944. He held an advance position alone. He treated wounded men; and he remained behind to provide covering fire as his unit withdrew.

The words of Ono's citation explain:
Private First Class Frank H. Ono distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 4 July 1944, near Castellina, Italy. In attacking a heavily defended hill, Private First Class Ono's squad was caught in a hail of formidable fire from the well-entrenched enemy. Private First Class Ono opened fire with his automatic rifle and silenced one machine gun 300 hundred yards to the right front. Advancing through incessant fire, he killed a sniper with another burst of fire, and while his squad leader reorganized the rest of the platoon in the rear, he alone defended the critical position. His weapon was then wrenched from his grasp by a burst of enemy machine pistol fire as enemy troops attempted to close in on him. Hurling hand grenades, Private First Class Ono forced the enemy to abandon the attempt, resolutely defending the newly won ground until the rest of the platoon moved forward. Taking a wounded comrade's rifle, Private First Class Ono again joined in the assault. After killing two more enemy soldiers, he boldly ran through withering automatic, small arms, and mortar fire to render first aid to his platoon leader and a seriously wounded rifleman. In danger of being encircled, the platoon was ordered to withdraw. Volunteering to cover the platoon, Private First Class Ono occupied virtually unprotected positions near the crest of the hill, engaging an enemy machine gun emplaced on an adjoining ridge and exchanging fire with snipers armed with machine pistols. Completely disregarding his own safety, he made himself the constant target of concentrated enemy fire until the platoon reached the comparative safety of a draw. He then descended the hill in stages, firing his rifle, until he rejoined the platoon. Private First Class Ono's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.



British Broadcasting Company

The British Broadcasting Company Ltd was a British commercial company. It was formed on 18 October 1922 by British and American electrical companies doing business in the United Kingdom. Its original office was on the second floor of Magnet House, the GEC buildings in London. It had a room and a small antechamber.

Dabney Coleman

Dabney Wharton Coleman (born January 3, 1932) is an American actor. He has appeared in over 50 movies including "Tootsie" (1982) and "You've Got Mail" (1998). He was born in Austin, Texas. He is also known for being the voice of Principal Peter Prickly in "Recess" (1997–2001) and appearing as Louis "The Commodore" Kaestner in "Boardwalk Empire" (2010–2011). His career began in 1961. 

Coleman was nominated for six Emmy Awards, winning one in 1987. He was also nominated for three Golden Globe Awards, winning one in 1987 as well.

Coleman was married to Ann Courtney Harrell between 1957 until they divorced in 1959. He was later married to Jean Hale from 1961 until they divorced in 1984. He has four children. In 2012, Coleman revealed that he was diagnosed with throat cancer.

ARM architecture

ARM architecture is a computer CPU architecture used in computers of all sizes up to supercomputers; commonly used in embedded systems and mobile devices such as cell phones, tablet computers, and handheld game consoles such as the Game Boy Advance. ARM CPUs use very little electricity and produce very little heat. Most ARM CPUs run on battery power and don't need a cooling fan. The Linux operating system is used most on ARM CPUs. 

In 2013 ARM was the world's most popular 32-bit CPU architecture. Since then, production has increased to millions per day. 64-bit ARM, which allows for addressing memory greater than 3.8GB, has been available since then and is used in most modern smartphones.




Windows Phone

Windows Phone (formerly Windows Mobile) is a discontinued operating system from Microsoft for mobile phones. It's still less popular than Android and iOS.
the last version of Windows Phone, which is Windows Phone 10 is unsupported since December 10, 2019, while Windows Phone 10 version 1709 is unsupported since January 10, 2023 (for paid Extended Security Update (ESUs) programs).

Nationalist Party of Australia

The Nationalist Party of Australia was an Australian political party. It began on 17 February 1917 when the conservative Commonwealth Liberal Party and the National Labor Party (NLP) joined together. The Nationalist Party held government until 1929. It was the major opposition to the Labor party. In 1931 it joined with a group who left the Labor Party led by Joseph Lyons and became the United Australia Party. This was the basis of the Liberal Party of Australia which began in 1944.

In October 1915 Prime Minister Andrew Fisher retired. The Australian Labor Party (ALP) chose Billy Hughes to be the new leader and Prime Minister. He was a strong supporter of Australia's participation in World War I. After a visit to Britain in 1916 he decided that conscription was necessary to get enough soldiers for the Australian army. Most of his party, especially the trade unions, did not support conscription. There were also many Irish Roman Catholics in the Labor Party who did not want to support the British government. This was because of the British government's actions against the Irish Easter Uprising of 1916. In October Hughes held a plebiscite to get support to start conscription, but the plebiscite was narrowly defeated. Melbourne's Catholic Archbishop, Daniel Mannix, was his main opponent on the conscription issue. Hughes continued to argue in favour of conscription. This produced a deep and bitter split within the Australian community, as well as within the members of his own party. 

On 15 September 1916 NSW branch of the Labor Party forced Hughes from the Labor Party. When the Federal Parliamentary Labor caucus met on 14 November 1916, there was a lot of argument. Hughes and 24 other Labor members walked out. The remaining 43 members passed a motion of no confidence in the leadership. This removed Hughes and the other members from the ALP.

Hughes and his followers formed a new party, the National Labor Party. They were able to govern with support from Joseph Cook and his Commonwealth Liberal Party. In February 1917, the two groups joined to form the Nationalist Party, with Hughes as leader and Cook as deputy leader. The Nationlists, with Liberal and Labor members, were able to present an image of national unity.

In May 1917 the Nationalists won a huge electoral victory. At this election Hughes abandoned his working-class seat of West Sydney, and was elected for Bendigo in Victoria. Hughes had promised to resign if his Government did not win the power to conscript. A second vote was held in December 1917, but was again defeated, this time by even more votes. Hughes resigned as Prime Minister but, as he was the leader of the majority party, the Governor-General, Sir Ronald Munro Ferguson, immediately asked him to be Prime Minister again. Hughes was able to remain as Prime Minister while keeping his promise to resign.

Hughes and the Nationalists governed on their own until the elections of 1922. The new Country Party gained quite a few seats in the House of Representatives. The Nationalists did not have a majority to govern and needed Country Party support. However, the Country Party did not like Hughes' rural policy. Their leader, Earle Page said he would not serve under him. Many in the Nationalist Party did not fully support Hughes, suspecting he was still really a socialist. Page's demand finally gave them an excuse, and without support Hughes was forced to resign in January 1923. Former Treasurer Stanley Bruce was chosen as leader, and quickly entered into a coalition with the Country Party. The price, however, was high. The Country Party demanded five seats in cabinet (out of 11), including the Treasurer's post and the deputy Prime Minister position for Page. However, Bruce agreed rather than force another election. This was the start of the traditional coalition of non-Labor parties.

Under Bruce's leadership the Nationalists became much more conservative. The Nationalist-Country coalition won a huge victory in 1925. It was reelected in 1928, though with a significantly less support. In 1929 when Bruce tried to bring in new laws to change the industrial arbitration system, this was too much for Hughes. He and his supportes voted against the laws, and the government, no longer controlling a majority, called an early election.

The Coalition was defeated, even Bruce even lost his own seat. He was succeeded as leader by former Attorney-General John Latham. The Nationalists were never a real force in Australian politics again. Having only ever been in government they were not prepared for a role in opposition. However in 1931, a group of Labor Party members led by Joseph Lyons, left the ALP to join the conservatives. They formed a new group, the United Australia Party (UAP). Most of the UAP were former Nationalists, but they chose Lyons as leader and Prime Minister The UAP replaced the Nationalists as the main conservative anti-Labor Party.

Around 1929 Robert Menzies, a member of the Victorian Parliament, joined with Wilfrid Kent Hughes to form the Young Nationalists Organisation. Menzies was its first President.

The organisation kept its name when even when the Nationalists became the UAP. Half the UAP members elected in the 1932 Victorian state election were Young Nationalists. In 1932 the Premier, Sir Stanley Argyle, included three of them in his eight-person cabinet, including Menzies as Deputy Premier.

Later, when Menzies founded the Liberal Party of Australia, he invited delegates from the Young Nationalists to attend. The Young Nationalists followed the UAP into the Liberal Party, and Menzies formed the Young Liberals to replace them.



Jonathan Meath

Jonathan G. Meath (born September 16, 1955) is an American television producer. He is known for dressing up as Santa Claus. He won a Peabody Award in 1993.

Meath was born on September 16, 1955 in Baltimore, Maryland. He was raised in Boston, Massachusetts and in Harrisville, New Hampshire. Meath studied at New York University and at Phillips Academy. He has two children. Meath now lives in Cambridge, Massachusetts.


Sherani District

Sherani District () is a district of Balochistan, Pakistan.

Don Francisco

Mario Luis Kreutzberger Blumenfeld (born December 28, 1940) is a Chilean television producer and television personality who is known for being the host of "Sábado Gigante" and "Don Francisco Presenta".

Don Francisco was born on December 28, 1940 in Talca, Chile to German-Jewish parents. He studied in New York City. Don Francisco is still married to Teresa "Temmy" Muchnik Rosenblum. He now lives in Miami, Florida.


Marathon Man

Marathon Man is a 1976 American crime thriller movie. It stars Dustin Hoffman, Laurence Olivier and Roy Scheider. The movie is based on the novel of the same name and is set in New York City. It received strong critical and box office success.

Marthe Keller

Marthe Keller (born 28 January 1945 in Basel) is a television, movie and stage actress who was originally from Switzerland. She starred opposite Dustin Hoffman in the movie "Marathon Man" and performed in "Black Sunday" the following year.

Luke Perry

Coy Luther "Luke" Perry III (October 11, 1966 – March 4, 2019) was an American movie and television performer. He was known for being in the show "Beverly Hills, 90210" as Dylan McKay. He acted in many movies. Perry starred as Fred Andrews in "Riverdale". He was born in Mansfield, Ohio. His son is professional wrestler Jack Perry.

On February 27, 2019, Perry was hospitalized after suffering a stroke at his home in Sherman Oaks, California. He died at a hospital in Burbank on March 4, 2019, aged 52.

The Dark Knight Trilogy

The "Dark Knight" Series is a set of three Christopher Nolan Batman movies. It includes "Batman Begins" (2005), "The Dark Knight" (2008), and "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012). Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Morgan Freeman, and Cillian Murphy appeared in all three movies.

All cast and crew members worked on all three movies, except for music composer James Newton Howard who did not work on "The Dark Knight Rises". Composer Hans Zimmer worked together with Howard on the first two films and made the soundtrack for the last movie by himself. Katie Holmes played Rachel Dawes in "Batman Begins", but was replaced by Maggie Gyllenhaal in "The Dark Knight". Liam Neeson appeared as Ra's al Ghul in "Batman Begins" and in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Heath Ledger received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as The Joker in "The Dark Knight." Ledger died before the movie was released and the award was given posthumously.

Each of the three movies was a success in the box office; "The Dark Knight" was the number one grossing movie in 2008. "The Dark Knight Rises" is the third highest grossing movie of 2012. "Batman Begins" is the ninth highest grossing movie in 2005. "Batman Begins" earned $372,710,015 worldwide. "The Dark Knight" earned $1,023,045,358. "The Dark Knight Rises" earned $1,081,041,287, passing the receipts of "The Dark Knight".

In both "Batman Begins" and in "The Dark Knight", Gotham City was shot in Chicago, Illinois. In "The Dark Knight Rises," Gotham City was shot in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, New York City, New York, and Los Angeles, California.



Bitter orange

The bitter orange, Seville orange, or marmalade orange is a citrus tree ("Citrus × aurantium") and its fruit. It is a hybrid between "Citrus maxima" (pomelo) and "Citrus reticulata" (mandarin).

Derek Hough

Derek Hough (born May 17, 1985 in Salt Lake City, Utah) is an American dancer, choreographer, musician, actor, and director.

He has been a professional dancer on "Dancing with the Stars" since fall 2007. He has competed with Ricki Lake, Nicole Scherzinger, Brooke Burke, Jennifer Grey, Maria Menounos and Shawn Johnson.

Hough grew up in Sandy, Utah, a suburb of Salt Lake City, Utah.

Hough's sister is Julianne Hough, also a dancer in "Dancing with the Stars" until 2009.

Colleen Camp

Colleen Celeste Camp (born June 7, 1953 in San Francisco, California) is an American movie and television actor. She has acted in many movies and televison shows. Camp debuted in 1973 in "Battle for the Planet of the Apes", one of the Planet of the Apes sequels. She played Connie in "Die Hard with a Vengeance". Camp was the first to play character Kristin Shepard in "Dallas". Camp is also a movie producer.

<br>

Jessica Bowman

Jessica Bowman (born November 26, 1980) is an American television actress. She has done many television performances. She played Colleen Cooper in "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman". Bowman was born in Walnut Creek, California.

GoldenEye

GoldenEye is a 1995 British action-adventure espionage movie. It was released in November 1995. Starring in this are Pierce Brosnan (as James Bond) and Judi Dench (she plays M). "GoldenEye" was the seventeenth spy feature in the James Bond series. This was also the first one after a six-year break, which was the result of legal disputes. "GoldenEye" made over $350 million worldwide. According to critics, Brosnan acted the role of James Bond much better than his predecessor Timothy Dalton. Tina Turner sings the title song of the movie.



Ursula Andress

Ursula Andress (born 19 March 1936) is a Swiss television and movie actress who played the Bond girls in "Dr. No" and "Casino Royale". She also starred in many other movies besides that. Andress was born in Ostermundigen to a Swiss mother and German father.

Australian Labor Party (NSW)

The Australian Labor Party (NSW) was an Australian political party commonly known as Lang Labor. It was the New South Wales branch of the Australian Labor Party which broke away from the national party and acted independently from 1931 to 1936.

In 1931 Jack Lang, the Premier of New South Wales, announced the "Lang Plan". This plan would reduce the effects of the Great Depression. The main feature of the plan was to stop making loan repayments to foreign banks. This was the opposite of the policy of the federal Labor government led by James Scullin. As a result, Lang's supporters, led by Jack Beasley and Eddie Ward, were forced out of the federal Caucus. 

This led to a split between the Federal and State leaders of the Labor party. In 1931 Lang's supporters voted with the United Australia Party Opposition in the House of Representatives to bring down the Scullin government. This caused an early election. The New South Wales Branch ran candidates as the Australian Labor Party (New South Wales). They were known as "Lang Labor" candidates. Supporters of the federal party (led in New South Wales by Ted Theodore and Ben Chifley) were known as Federal Labor candidates. 

The elections were a huge defeat for Labor, but most of the Lang members had safe working class seats and survived. Ward was narrowly defeated in East Sydney. (He was re-elected at a by-election in 1932). Theodore and Chifley were both defeated, and Federal Labor won only three seats in New South Wales. At the 1934 federal elections Federal Labor won only one seat (Newcastle).

In 1935 John Curtin became the new federal Labor leader. In February 1936 he brought about a reconciliation with the New South Wales Branch. At the 1937 elections Labor ran as a united party in New South Wales.


Division of Newcastle

The Division of Newcastle is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. The Division is centred around the city of Newcastle, after which it is named.

The Division was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first Federal election in 1901. It has been held by the Australian Labor Party since it was created. Labor has never got less than 58 percent of the two-party vote in a general election. It has only come close to losing it once, when it got 53 percent in a 1935 by-election. It is the only original Division to be held by just one party since the first Federal election. 

The Division of Newcastle has had just five members since 1901. This is the fewest of any of the original Divisions. From 1901 to 1958, the seat was held by the Watkins family. David Oliver took over from his father David in 1935. Allan Morris' brother, Peter was also in the Federal Parliament, representing the Division of Shortland. Charles Jones' brother, Sam, was in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly.



Alisan Porter

Alisan Porter (June 20, 1981) is an American actress and singer. She was The Voice winner for 2016.

She was in the movies "Curly Sue" and "Parenthood". She was born in Worcester, Massachusetts.


Charles the Younger

Charles the Younger (772 - 4 December 811) was Frankish King of Neustria and Franken. His parents were the Frankish emperor Charlemagne and Hildegard of Swabia.

Django Unchained

Django Unchained is a 2012 American western movie directed by Quentin Tarantino. It is set in 1858. It stars Jamie Foxx as Django, Christoph Waltz as Dr. King Schultz, and Leonardo DiCaprio as Calvin Candie. This comedy-drama is about the Antebellum South. There has been controversy related to its subject matter. "Django Unchained" was released on Christmas 2012 in the United States.

Kate Maberly

Kate Elizabeth Cameron Maberly (born March 14, 1982) is a theatre, movie and television actress who first became famous via the 1993 drama movie "The Secret Garden". She carried mostly TV roles, however. Maberly was born in and originally from England.

Kazuo Otani

Kazuo Otani (June 2, 1918 – July 15, 1944) was a United States Army was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Otani was born in California. His parents were immigrants from Japan. He was a "Nisei", which means that he was a second generation Japanese-American.

Otani's family was interned at the Gila River War Relocation Center in Arizona

Otani joined the US Army in 1943.

He volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 442nd Regimental Combat Team. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in July 1944, Otani was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC).

Otani, aged 26 at his death, was buried in Veterans Liberty Cemetery, Fresno, California.

In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Otani's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, his family was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Otani's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in northern Italy in 1944. He drew fire towards himself so that his platoon could reach cover. He was killed while rescuing a wounded man.

The words of Otani's citation explain:
Staff Sergeant Kazuo Otani distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 15 July 1944, near Pieve Di S. Luce, Italy. Advancing to attack a hill objective, Staff Sergeant Otani's platoon became pinned down in a wheat field by concentrated fire from enemy machine gun and sniper positions. Realizing the danger confronting his platoon, Staff Sergeant Otani left his cover and shot and killed a sniper who was firing with deadly effect upon the platoon. Followed by a steady stream of machine gun bullets, Staff Sergeant Otani then dashed across the open wheat field toward the foot of a cliff, and directed his men to crawl to the cover of the cliff. When the movement of the platoon drew heavy enemy fire, he dashed along the cliff toward the left flank, exposing himself to enemy fire. By attracting the attention of the enemy, he enabled the men closest to the cliff to reach cover. Organizing these men to guard against possible enemy counterattack, Staff Sergeant Otani again made his way across the open field, shouting instructions to the stranded men while continuing to draw enemy fire. Reaching the rear of the platoon position, he took partial cover in a shallow ditch and directed covering fire for the men who had begun to move forward. At this point, one of his men became seriously wounded. Ordering his men to remain under cover, Staff Sergeant Otani crawled to the wounded soldier who was lying on open ground in full view of the enemy. Dragging the wounded soldier to a shallow ditch, Staff Sergeant Otani proceeded to render first aid treatment, but was mortally wounded by machine gun fire. Staff Sergeant Otani's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.



Ballycastle

Ballycastle can refer to:


List of Asian American Medal of Honor recipients

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War and is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented posthumously.

Of the 3,476 Medals of Honor presented as of September 15, 2011, 30 have been awarded to Asian American recipients. The first Asian American to receive the Medal was José B. Nísperos. He received it for his actions in the Philippine–American War.

In 1996, a study determined that Asian Americans were discriminated against in the awarding of medals during World War II; consequently, 22 had their medals upgraded to the Medal of Honor. Except for those awarded during the 1996 discrimination study the most recent Asian American recipient of the Medal of Honor was Rodney Yano. He received it for his actions during the Vietnam War.

The Philippine–American War was an armed military conflict between the United States and the First Philippine Republic. It was fought between 1899 and least 1902. The conflict started from a Filipino political struggle against U.S. occupation of the Philippines. Although the conflict was officially declared over on July 4, 1902, American troops continued hostilities against remnants of the Philippine Army and other resistance groups until 1913. Some historians consider these unofficial extensions part of the war.

During this conflict one Asian American, José Nísperos, received the Medal of Honor. He got it for continuing to fight after being seriously wounded. He was the first person of Asian descent to receive it.

Telesforo Trinidad received a Medal of Honor after rescuing two men from a boiler explosion. He is the only Asian American sailor to receive the Medal during peacetime.

World War II, or the Second World War, was a global military conflict. It was started from the joining of what had initially been two separate conflicts. The first began in Asia in 1937 as the Second Sino-Japanese War. The other began in Europe in 1939 with the German invasion of Poland. This global conflict split the majority of the world's nations into two opposing military alliances. One was called the Allies. The other was called the Axis powers. It involved the mobilization of over 100 million military personnel. Thi makes it the most widespread war in history. It placed the participants in a state of total war. That erased the distinction between civil and military resources. This resulted in the complete activation of a nation's economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities for the purposes of the war effort. Over 60 million people, the majority of them civilians, were killed. It is the deadliest conflict in human history. The Allies were victorious and the United States and Soviet Union emerged as the world's two leading superpowers.

During this conflict 464 United States military personnel received the Medal of Honor. 266 of them posthumously. By the end of the war only two Asian Americans had been awarded the Medal of Honor. One was to Sergeant Jose Calugas of the Philippine Scouts. The second was to Private Sadao S. Munemori of the 442nd Regimental Combat Team. A 1996 study commissioned by the United States Army by order of Congress investigated racial discrimination in the awarding of medals during World War II. The Command History Office at the Defense Language Institute Foreign Language Center at the Presidio of Monterey, California was tasked with identifying affected service-members and reviewing the records. After performing a review of the files, the study recommended that several Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders who received the Distinguished Service Cross during World War II should be upgraded to the Medal of Honor. On June 21, 2000, President Bill Clinton awarded the Medal to 22 Asian Americans, 21 from the aforementioned study, in a ceremony at the White House.

Of the 24 Asian American awardees, 21 earned the Medal while serving with the 442nd Regimental Combat Team or its component unit, the 100th Infantry Battalion, making the 442nd the most decorated regiment-sized unit of the war. Only two Asian American officers received the Medal of Honor during World War II: Captain Francis B. Wai who received it for drawing enemy fire to himself to reveal their positions and Second Lieutenant Daniel Inouye who received his medal for destroying two machine gun nests and continuing to fight after being wounded. Inouye became the first U.S. Representative for Hawaii and the first Japanese American congressman; he served as one of Hawaii's U.S. Senators from 1963 continuously until his death in 2012.

The Korean War was an escalation of border clashes between two rival Korean regimes, each of which was supported by external powers; each tried to topple the other through political and guerilla tactics. In a narrow sense, some may refer to it as a civil war, though many other factors were at play. After failing to strengthen their cause in the free elections held in South Korea during May 1950 and the refusal of South Korea to hold new elections per North Korean demands, the communist North Korean Army moved south on June 25, 1950 to attempt to reunite the Korean peninsula, which had been formally divided since 1948. The conflict was then expanded by the United States and the Soviet Union's involvement as part of the larger Cold War. The main hostilities were during the period from June 25, 1950 until the armistice was signed on July 27, 1953. In the early stages of the war, President Harry Truman sometimes described the conflict under the aegis of the United Nations as a "police action" rather than use the term war.

One Asian American received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Korean War. Hiroshi H. Miyamura was captured by Chinese forces and held as a prisoner of war for 28 months. For his protection, news of his Medal of Honor award was classified until his release from captivity.

The Vietnam War, also known as the Second Indochina War, and in Vietnam as the American War, occurred from 1959 to April 30, 1975. The term Vietnam Conflict is often used to refer to events which took place between 1959 and April 30, 1975. The war was fought between the Communist-supported Democratic Republic of Vietnam and the United States supported Republic of Vietnam. It concluded with the defeat and failure of the United States foreign policy in Vietnam. On April 30, 1975, the capital of South Vietnam, Saigon fell to the communist forces of North Vietnam, effectively ending the Vietnam War. Over 8.7 million U.S. forces participated in the Vietnam War; of whom slightly over 47,000 were killed in battle and almost 11,000 more died of non-battle causes.

During the Vietnam War three Asian Americans received the Medal of Honor, all of them posthumously. Elmelindo Smith, although wounded multiple times was killed while fighting with his unit. Terry Kawamura sacrificed his life by jumping on an explosive charge, saving the lives of two other soldiers, and Rodney Yano sacrificed his life by throwing burning ammunition off of a helicopter after a grenade exploded prematurely.

Richie Dunn

Richie Dunn (May 12, 1957 – September 20, 2016) was hockey player. For most of his career he played for the Buffalo Sabres. He died on September 20, 2016 at the age of 59.


Gabriel Abraham

Gabriel Abraham, born on March 22th 1991 in Galaţi, Romania, is a prominent football player, the FC Oţelul Galaţi goalkeeper.

On 2008 he made his debut in FC Oţelul Galaţi. He has been international for Romanian team seven times in inferior categories.

Fotbal Club Oţelul Galaţi is a Romanian football club of Galaţi city. On last decades, the club has participated on League I, the higher division in Romania. It has won the Romanian Football League, the Romanian Football Super Cup and Romanian Football Cup.

Gabriel Abraham won 2010/11 Romanian Football League and 2011 Romanian Football Super Cup.

On 2011, in the C group of the Champions League, his team played against Benfica, Manchester United and Basel.

At the end of 2011, Abraham was transferred to Romanian club Prahova Tomşani.

On summer 2012 he went back to Fotbal Club Oțelul Galați.



Ali MacGraw

Elizabeth Alice "Ali" MacGraw (born April 1, 1939) is a television and movie actress. She started in movies, but changed to stage and TV acting. She received Golden Globes for "Goodbye Columbus" and "Love Story" (the earlier was in 1969, and the latter was released in 1970). Some birthdate sources say that she was born in 1938; others say 1939 or 1940.

MacGraw was born in New York State.

Richard Rodney Bennett

Sir Richard Rodney Bennett, CBE (29 March 193624 December 2012) was an English composer who was famous for his film music and his jazz performance as well as for music for the concert hall. He lived in New York City from 1979 until his death in 2012.

Richard Rodney Bennett was born at Broadstairs, Kent. He was very gifted as a child and had some private lessons with the composer Elisabeth Lutyens when he was 10. He studied at the Royal Academy of Music with Howard Ferguson, Lennox Berkeley and Cornelius Cardew. During this time, he went several times to Darmstadt where some of the most famous modern composers of the time met every summer to discuss ideas, particularly serialism.

Bennett taught at the Royal Academy of Music between 1963 and 1965, at the Peabody Institute in Baltimore, United States from 1970 to 1971, and was later International Chair of Composition at the Royal Academy of Music between 1994 and the year 2000.

Bennett wrote over two hundred works for the concert hall, and fifty scores for film and television. He also wrote and performed jazz songs. In the 1950s he studied in Paris with Pierre Boulez who encouraged him to write serial music, but later his music became more tonal and easier to listen to. He wrote jazz music, film music and concert music for the BBC Proms and the Three Choirs Festival. In 1976 he wrote "Zodiac" for the National Symphony Orchestra of Washington to celebrate the bicentenary of the United States of America. He dedicated the work to Elisabeth Lutyens. He started to give up serialism and combined various musical techniques to create his own personal style. In 1979 he moved to the United States.

A work called "Noctuary" (1980) combines the musical style of Scott Joplin with ideas from Schumann and Debussy. At the 1979 Edinburgh Festival he performed both with the horn player Barry Tuckwell who played his Horn Sonata as well as in late-night cabaret. His "Reflections on a Scottish Folk Song" was a tribute to the Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother. His music was extremely well written and some of the greatest musicians performed his music e.g. Barry Tuckwell, Julian Bream, Evelyn Glennie and James Galway and the singers Jane Manning, Robert Tear and Philip Langridge. In 2011 his suite of film music for "Murder on the Orient Express" was performed at the BBC Proms.

Richard Rodney Bennett died in New York on 24 December 2012.

He wrote music for films and television; among his scores were the "Doctor Who" story "The Aztecs" (1964) for television, and the feature film "Billion Dollar Brain" (1967). His scores for "Far from the Madding Crowd" (1967), "Nicholas and Alexandra" (1971), and "Murder on the Orient Express" (1974), each earned him Academy Award nominations, with "Murder on the Orient Express" gaining a BAFTA award. Later works include "Enchanted April" (1992), "Four Weddings and a Funeral" (1994), and "The Tale of Sweeney Todd" (1998). He also wrote many orchestral works, piano solos, choral works and operas.

Bennett was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1977, and was knighted in 1998.

Division of Shortland

The Division of Shortland is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of New South Wales. The Division closely follows the Pacific coast. It is a long and narrow shape not more than 10 kms wide. The western boundary is formed by Lake Macquarie. The Division stretches from Charlestown in the north to Norah Head in the south. It includes the towns of Toukley, Doyalson, Swansea, Belmont and Gateshead.

The Division was named after Lieutenant John Shortland. He was an early explorer of the Hunter Valley region. The Division was set up on May 11, 1949, and the first election was the 1949 Federal election. The seat is currently a safe Labor seat.

Peter Morris' brother, Alan Morris was the member for the Division of Newcastle. His son Matthew Morris was a member of the New South Wales Parliament.



Eva LaRue

Eva LaRue (December 27, 1966), sometimes called Eva LaRue Callahan, is an American actress. She played as Maria Santos in "All My Children". She played Natalia in "CSI: Miami". She has performed in other television shows and done some movies.

Spider crab

The name spider crab is used to refer to a species of crab in the superfamily Majoidea. See crab spider for spiders of the Thomisidae family.


Japanese spider crab

The Japanese spider crab ("Macrocheira kaempferi") is a species of marine crab, and is the only member in the genus Macrocheira. It is found only in the waters around Japan. The Japanese spider crab has the largest leg span of any arthropod in the world, reaching up to 3.8 meters (12 ft) long, and weighing up to 41 pounds (19 kg).

The Japanese spider crab has the largest leg span of any arthropod in the world, reaching up to 3.7 meters (12 ft) long, and weighing up to 19 kg (41 pounds), but the actual body of the Japanese spider crab is only 38 cm (15 inches) long. Males are larger than females and have larger claws. The Japanese spider crab has 8 legs and 2 arms used for feeding. Each feeding arm is 1.5 meters (5 ft) long. The Japanese spider crab is different from other crab species because the first pleopods (legs which help them swim, catch food, hold their eggs, and sometimes has gills on it) of the males are twisted, and its larvae are not very complicated organisms unlike other crab species larvae. It is orange in colour, with white spots on its legs. Although the Japanese spider crab has some wild appearances, it is actually known to be very gentle towards others.

The Japanese spider crab is found in the Pacific side of the Japanese islands, Konshu and Kyushu, usually at a latitude between 30 and 40 degrees North. They are found usually in the Sagami, Suruga, and Tosa bays, as well as off the coast of the Kii peninsula. However, a Japanese spider crab was once found as far south as Su-ao, in eastern Taiwan. This is most likely a one time event; it is possible a fishing trawler or extreme weather may have carried this individual much further south than its home range. The Japanese spider crab is found up to the depths of 2,500 feet (750 meters). 

The Japanese spider crab is a scavenger, meaning it feeds mostly on dead animals, but it also feeds on shellfish, opening the shells with its giant claws to feed on them. After molting, these crabs will eat their own shell to get some important nutrients. It is one of the longest living creatures in the world, living up to 100 years.

John Shortland

Lieutenant John Shortland (1769-1810) was an English naval officer who explored and named the Hunter River in Australia.

Shortland joined the Royal Navy in 1781 as a midshipman. After served in Quebec and the West Indies. His father, Captain John Shortland (1739-1803), was the person in the Navy who organized many of the details for the First Fleet which took the first convicts to Australia in 1788. He arranged for two of his sons, John and Thomas George Shortland (1771 – 1827), to sail with him on the First Fleet. Shortland was the master's mate on "HMS Sirius" with Captain John Hunter. He was also on the ship when it was wrecked on Norfolk Island in 1790. He left Australia in 1792.

In 1792, Shortland came back to Australia with Hunter. Hunter had been made Governor of New South Wales and Shortland was First Lieutenant on the "Reliance". Other officers on the ship were Matthew Flinders and George Bass. In 1797 Shortland found and named the Hunter River while searching for escaped convicts. He explored the area which is now the city of Newcastle. He made the first charts of the harbour. Shortland was given grants of land at Liberty Plains and Bankstown. He also served as a member of the Criminal Court in Sydney. He missed the excitement of navy life and in 1800 he returned to England on the "Reliance".

Shortland served in Egypt and then on the "Dolphin" and the "Trompeuse". He went to Guinea and after the death of its captain, became captain of the "Squirrel". In 1805 at Halifax he was made captain of the "Juno", a captured 40 gun French frigate. In 1809 he made a brave but unsuccessful attack on four French ships. The "Juno" was destroyed and Shortland died of his wounds. The French buried him with military honours at Basse-Terre, Guadeloupe.

The Newcastle suburb of Shortland, and the Division of Shortland - an electoral division in the Australian parliament were named after him. He was honoured with a postage stamp for the 150th anniversary but the artist made a mistake and it was Shortland's father's image on the stamp.

Karla Bonoff

Karla Bonoff (December 27, 1951 in Los Angeles) is an American singer-songwriter. Her songs have been performed by others, including Bonnie Raitt, Linda Ronstadt and Wynonna Judd. Her self-titled debut album was released in 1977. Her cover of "Personally" was in 1982.


with Bryndle



Cockfight

A cockfight is a blood sport between two or more roosters that is held inside a cockpit. The combatants, called gamecocks, are specially bred birds. Cockfights are called blood sports by animal welfare and animal rights groups due to trauma inflicted between the roosters. The sport is illegal in the United States (and a felony in thirty States).

Peterhouse, Cambridge

Peterhouse is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was created in 1284 and is the oldest college. It is also one of the smallest ones, with less than 400 total students.

In 1280, Hugo de Balsham, the person who created the college, was first allowed to keep some students following the same rules of Merton College, Oxford. At first, they stayed where St John's College is now. Four years later, they bought some land near the Church of St Peter in Trumpington Street, where Peterhouse is still found now. Over the years, Peterhouse has been centre of many important events. It was here that many discussions about religion and the Protestant Reformation took place. Peterhouse was also the second building in England to get electricity, after the Palace of Westminster.

Some very important people have studied here. Five of them have won Nobel Prizes:

Others include:


Oleta Adams

Oleta Adams (born May 4, 1953) is an American singer and pianist. Adams began her career in the early 1980s. She gained fame her singing on Tears for Fears's album "The Seeds of Love" (1989). Her albums "Circle of One" (1991) and "Evolution" (1993) were top 10 hits in the United Kingdom. She was nominated for a Grammy for her cover of Brenda Russell's "Get Here". It was a top 5 hit in both the UK and the US. Adams has been nominated for four total Grammy Awards and two Soul Train Music Awards.

Robinson College, Cambridge

Robinson College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was created in 1977 so it is the newest college in Cambridge. It allowed both men and women from the start. Today, it has about 550 students. The college was opened by Queen Elizabeth II in 1981. Because it is new, it does not have many of the traditions of the older colleges. For example, students can walk on the grass in the college gardens. 

It takes the name from David Robinson who gave £18 million to build the college. He also gave £3 million to build a new part of the Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge. The buildings are made of red brick and are found in Grange Road, a few minutes away from the city centre of Cambridge. 

Some important people have studied here, like Nick Clegg, the Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.


Vaginal flatulence

Vaginal flatulence is the noisy emission of air from the vagina. It can happen during sexual intercourse, stretching or through no particular activity. An informal term for this is "queef".


The Vanishing (1993 movie)

The Vanishing is a 1993 drama thriller movie. It stars Sandra Bullock, Nancy Travis, Jeff Bridges and Kiefer Sutherland. It is about the abduction and murder of a girl named Diane (played by Bullock). This was directed by George Sluizer, who also directed a 1988 version of "The Vanishing". The one released in 1993 got substandard reviews while in theaters.

Barry Tuckwell

Barry Emmanuel Tuckwell (5 March 1931 – 16 January 2020) was an Australian horn player. He spent most of his professional life in the United Kingdom and the United States.

Barry Tuckwell was born on 5 March 1931 in Melbourne. His younger sister Patricia is a violinist and fashion model widely known as Bambi. She married a photographer and later George Lascelles, 7th Earl of Harewood, a cousin of Queen Elizabeth II.

Tuckwell became a chorister at St Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney where he studied the piano, organ, and violin. Then, at the age of 13, he started to learn the French horn. After six months he was playing it professionally. He studied at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music under Alan Mann, one of Australia's best known brass players.

At 15, he was given the job of third horn with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra. A year later, he joined the Sydney Symphony Orchestra which was conducted by Eugene Goossens, where he remained for three and a half years before leaving for England. His first appointment in 1951 was with the Hallé Orchestra, conducted by Sir John Barbirolli. After two years, he went to the Scottish National Orchestra conducted by Karl Rankl and a year later to the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra conducted by Charles Groves. In 1955, he was appointed first horn with the London Symphony Orchestra.

He spent 13 years with the LSO, which is a co-operative orchestra (the players themselves make decisions about how the orchestra should be run). He was elected to the Board of Directors and was Chairman of the Board for six years. The chief conductors during this time were Josef Krips, Pierre Monteux, István Kertész and André Previn.

Tuckwell left the orchestra in 1968 and spent the rest of his career performing as a soloist and conductor. He became very famous, making 
over 50 recordings and receiving three Grammy Award nominations. In 1962 he formed a trio with Brenton Langbein (violin) and Maureen Jones (piano) for a performance of the Horn Trio by Don Banks, which was commissioned by the Edinburgh Festival. The trio played together for many years, playing music by Johannes Brahms, Charles Koechlin and others. He also played in a wind quintet and was known as a conductor.

Many composers have written works for Barry Tuckwell. They include concertos by Oliver Knussen, Don Banks, Gunther Schuller, Robin Holloway, and Thea Musgrave. Richard Rodney Bennett wrote "Acteon" for horn and large orchestra for him.

Barry Tuckwell has written three important books on the horn and horn playing. For the "Yehudi Menuhin Music Guides", he wrote the book on the horn. He wrote an excellent book on "Playing the Horn" as well as "Fifty First Exercises".

Tuckwell is famous for his teaching. He has been Artist-in-Residence at Dartmouth College and Pomona College in the USA, and he was Professor of Horn at the Royal Academy of Music in London from 1963 until 1974. He taught at the Peabody Conservatory in Baltimore in the 1980s and 1990s. He was Professorial Fellow at the University of Melbourne and has for several years hosted the annual Barry Tuckwell Institute at Colorado Mesa University in Grand Junction, Colorado.

Tuckwell died on 17 January 2020 in Melbourne from cardiovascular disease at the age of 88.

Barry Tuckwell has received many honours, including the Order of the British Empire in 1965 and a Companion of the Order of Australia in 1992.



Shopian

Shopian or Shupiyan () is a town and sub-district of the Pulwama District, Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Marvel Cinematic Universe

The Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) is an American media franchise. It is set in a fictional universe with the setting of several superhero movies and television shows made by Marvel Studios, based on characters by Marvel Comics. This shared universe was shown in the movies by using the same characters or mentioning the same events. For example, Tony Stark appears at the end of "The Incredible Hulk" (2008), even though he has nothing to do with the rest of the story. This is the same way that the comic books were linked into the same universe. The franchise also includes television series, short movies, digital series, and literature.

The movies in the MCU are organized in sections called Phases. Phase One began in 2008 with the release of "Iron Man" and ended in 2012 with the release of "The Avengers". Phase Two began in 2013 with the release of "Iron Man 3" and ended in 2015 with the release of "Ant-Man". Phase Three began in 2016 with the release of "" and ended in 2019 with the release of "". The first three phases in the franchise are collectively known as "The Infinity Saga". Phase Four began with the release of "Black Widow" in 2021 and ended with the release of "" in 2022. Phase Five began with "" in 2023 and will end with the release of "Thunderbolts" in 2025. Phase Six will begin with "The Fantastic Four" in 2025 and end with the release of "" in 2026. The second three phases are collectively known as "The Multiverse Saga".

Marvel Television expanded the universe to network television with "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." on ABC in 2013, followed by streaming television with "Daredevil" on Netflix in 2015 and "Runaways" on Hulu in 2017, and cable television with "Cloak & Dagger" on Freeform in 2018. Marvel Television produced the digital series "". Marvel Studios themselves expanded to streaming with Disney+, starting with "WandaVision" in 2021 as the beginning of Phase Four. They also produced television specials known as Marvel Studios Special Presentations, starting with "Werewolf by Night "(2022) in Phase Four. Soundtrack albums have been released for all the movies and many of the television series, as well as compilation albums containing existing music heard in the movies. The MCU includes tie-in comics published by Marvel Comics, while Marvel Studios has produced a series of direct-to-video short movies, called Marvel One-Shots, and a viral marketing campaign for its movies and the universe with the faux news program WHIH Newsfront.

The franchise has been commercially successful, becoming the highest-grossing franchise of all time, and has generally received a positive critical response. It has inspired other movie and television studios with comic book character adaptation rights to attempt to create similar shared universes. The MCU has been the focus of other media, outside of the shared universe, including attractions at various Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, an attraction at Discovery Times Square, a Queensland Gallery of Modern Art exhibit, television specials, guidebooks for each movie, multiple tie-in video games, and commercials.

List indicator(s)

This section includes characters who will appear or have appeared in at least three MCU movies/series and received main billing credit in at least two franchises.



Anonymous

Anonymous or Anonymus may also refer to:

George Sakato

George Taro Sakato (February 19, 1921 – December 2, 2015) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Sakato was born in Colton, California. His parents were immigrants from Japan. He was a "Nisei", which means that he was a second generation Japanese-American.
He graduated from Redlands High School in Redlands, California.

The Sakato family moved to Arizona during World War II to avoid internment.

Sakato joined the US Army in March 1944.

He volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 442nd Regimental Combat Team. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in October 1944, Sakato was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Sakato's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, he was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Sakato's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in northern France in 1944. He charged an enemy stronghold. Then he took command of his platoon and led it in defense of the position.

The words of Sakato's citation explain:
Private George T. Sakato distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 29 October 1944, on hill 617 in the vicinity of Biffontaine, France. After his platoon had virtually destroyed two enemy defense lines, during which he personally killed five enemy soldiers and captured four, his unit was pinned down by heavy enemy fire. Disregarding the enemy fire, Private Sakato made a one-man rush that encouraged his platoon to charge and destroy the enemy strongpoint. While his platoon was reorganizing, he proved to be the inspiration of his squad in halting a counter-attack on the left flank during which his squad leader was killed. Taking charge of the squad, he continued his relentless tactics, using an enemy rifle and P-38 pistol to stop an organized enemy attack. During this entire action, he killed 12 and wounded two, personally captured four and assisted his platoon in taking 34 prisoners. By continuously ignoring enemy fire, and by his gallant courage and fighting spirit, he turned impending defeat into victory and helped his platoon complete its mission. Private Sakato's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.
Sakato died in Denver, Colorado on December 2, 2015 at the age of 94.



Melly Oitzl

Melly S. Oitzl (in full: Maria-Silvana Oitzl, born 1955 in Lind/Arnoldstein) is an Austrian neuroscientist studying behavior. She is associate professor of medical pharmacology at the University of Leiden and adjunct professor of cognitive neurobiology (the neurobiology of thinking) at the University of Amsterdam. Oitzl works on the relationships between stress, cognition, and emotion. She got her Ph.D. in 1989 from the Heinrich-Heine-University in Düsseldorf. Oitzl is a member of the board of the Earth and Life Sciences division of the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research. This organization had already given her an "Aspasia" grant in 2008. She has been a member of the executive committee and treasurer of the European Brain and Behaviour Society. The Web of Science lists more than 130 articles in peer-reviewed scientific journals written by Oitzl. These have been cited over 5000 times and she has an h-index of 33.

Chronicle

A chronicle (, from Greek , from , "chronos", "time") is an account of historical events, arranged in order from earliest to latest. A chronicle is different from a narrative or history, as events which are not believed to be important may be excluded from the latter; a chronicler is more concerned with documenting events in sequential order.

The Nuremberg Chronicle, Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, "Ecclesiastical History of the English People," are the most famous chronicles. 

Elle Fanning

Mary Elle Fanning (born April 9, 1998), known as Elle Fanning, is an American actress. She is the younger sister of actress Dakota Fanning. Fanning is known for her role in "Maleficent" and several other movies including "Phoebe in Wonderland", "Somewhere" and "We Bought a Zoo". 

In 2011, Fanning starred as Alice Dainard in J. J. Abrams' sci-fi-drama blockbuster, "Super 8". Her acting was very well liked by the critics in this movie. She received nominations for a Saturn Award, a Young Artist Award, a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award, a Teen Choice Award, a Scream Award, an MTV Movie Award, and more.

Fanning was born on April 9, 1998 in Conyers, Georgia. She is the daughter of Heather Joy (née Arrington), and Steven J. Fanning. Her mother played tennis professionally and her father played minor league baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals. He is now an electronics salesman in Los Angeles, California. Her maternal grandfather is American football player Rick Arrington, and her aunt is ESPN reporter Jill Arrington. Fanning is the younger sister of Dakota Fanning, who is also an actress. Fanning has Irish, German, English, and French ancestry. Fanning and her family are members of the Southern Baptist Convention. Fanning currently attends Campbell Hall School in North Hollywood, Los Angeles.

Imelda Staunton

Imelda Mary Philomena Bernadette Staunton, (born 9 January 1956) is an English Actress. She is mainly famous for portraying Dolores Umbridge in the "Harry Potter" movie series.

She is also known for her roles in: "Much Ado about Nothing", "Maleficent" "Peter's Friends and The Crown."

Staunton was born in Archway, London. She studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. She has been married to Jim Carter since 1983. The couple have a daughter.

Kathleen Quinlan

Kathleen Quinlan (born November 19, 1954 in Pasadena, California) is an American movie and television performer. She began her acting career with "American Graffiti". She also did many television movies in the 1990s and 2000s.

Wim Crusio

Wim E. Crusio is a Dutch scientist working on the genetics of behavior and the nervous system. He is "directeur de recherche" (research director, a job title for a senior researcher) with the French National Centre for Scientific Research in Talence, France.

Crusio got in 1979 a master's degree and then in 1984 a PhD from the Radboud University Nijmegen. He performed research in behavior genetics, plant taxonomy, and vegetation science for his master's degree. His revision of the genus "Anubias" continues to generate interest. His work in plant taxonomy continued for several more years. He wrote about the genus "Samolus". In 1986 he described a new species of the Aroid genus "Lagenandra", "L.dewitii". Crusio studied the inheritance of the behavior of mice exploring a new environment for his PhD He also looked at the effects on this behavior of not being able to smell (anosmia). He used quantitative-genetic methods such as the diallel cross for this. Crusio worked as a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Heidelberg from 1984 to 1987. This was supported by a NATO Science Fellowship and an Alexander von Humboldt Research Fellowship. Crusio spent the year 1988 in Paris (France) supported by a fellowship from the Fyssen Foundation. He returned to Heidelberg as a senior research scientist. He was then recruited as "chargé de recherche" by the CNRS. He worked at first in an institute of the Paris Descartes University (Paris V). He was promoted to research director in 1994. In 1997 he moved to the CNRS campus in Orléans. Crusio became professor of psychiatry at the University of Massachusetts Medical School in Worcester, Massachusetts in 2000 and returned to the CNRS in 2005. He became a group leader in the "Centre de Neurosciences Intégratives et Cognitives" in Talence, a suburb of Bordeaux. He is currently adjunct director of the "Institut de Neurosciences Cognitives et Intégratives d'Aquitaine".

Animals will often explore a new environment if they have the chance. Crusio thought that this would be favorable: it would make it possible for animals to find water, food, etc. However, moving around in unfamiliar spaces is dangerous. Such stabilizing selection would leave genetic traces. Crusio did indeed find such traces for mice and for Paradise fish.

In Heidelberg, Crusio became interested in the inheritance of variations in the neuroanatomy of the mouse hippocampus. He studied the intra- and infrapyramidal mossy fiber (IIPMF) projections in this brain area. Crusio showed that about 50% of the variation found between different inbred mouse strains in the sizes of their IIPMF were due to genetic differences. Herbert Schwegler and Hans-Peter Lipp had found that these variations are correlated with learning a two-way active avoidance task. Animals with smaller projections learned much faster than animals with larger IIPMF. Together with Schwegler and Lipp, Crusio showed that an inverse correlation could be found for spatial learning in a radial arm maze task. Animals with larger IIPMF learned better in this task. Injecting mouse pups with thyroxine results in larger IIPMF projections. When mice from a strain with small IIPMF projections zere treated in this way, they could learn better in the radial maze. Crusio and his collaborators think that this correlation is causal. Not everybody believes this.

Mice that suffer unpredictable chronic mild stress (UCMS) show symptoms that look like depression in humans. Researchers were thinking that deficits in hippocampal neurogenesis (the birth of new nerve cells) might be the cause of depression. Crusio and collaborators did experiments to look at changes in behavior and neurogenesis in stressed mice. They showed large changes in levels of aggression, anxiety, depressive-like behaviors, and learning. At the same time, there was a large drop in neurogenesis. The results dependent very much on the strain and sex. There did not appear to be a clear-cut correlation between the different changes. They concluded that their data do not support the idea that deficits in hippocampal neurogenesis alone are the cause of depression. However, they do not disprove this hypothesis either.

Crusio has recently looked into the possibility that "FMR1" knockout mice can perhaps be used as a model for autism. The Fragile X syndrome is caused by a deficiency of the "FMR1" gene. Patients often show autistic symptoms. A good mouse model for the Fragile X syndrome is available because there are mice in which the "Fmr1" gene has been changed so that it does not work any more. A review of the work that has been done with these mice in many different laboratorie did indeed show that these animals have autistic-like symptoms. For example, they show changes in social behavior and this is a key symptom of autism.

Crusio is the founding editor-in-chief of "Genes, Brain and Behavior". This journal started in 2002 and has an impact factor of 4.061. This ranks it 63rd out of 237 listed journals in the Neurosciences category and 6th out of 48 listed journals in the Behavioral sciences category. He and his co-editors developed standards for the publication of mouse mutant studies for this journal. These standards are gradually being accepted in the field. Since 2017, Crusio is editor-in-chief of "Behavioral and Brain Functions". He is also an academic editor of "PLoS ONE" and served as associate editor of "Behavioral and Brain Sciences" (1991–2008) and "The ScientificWorldJournal" (2002-2011). Crusio serves or has served on the editorial boards of "Behavioral and Brain Functions, Behavior Genetics" (1991–1995), "Behavioural Brain Research" (1997–2007), "BMC Neuroscience", "BMC Research Notes, Frontiers in Behavioral Neuroscience, Journal of Visualized Experiments, Molecular Brain, Neurogenetics" (1998–2006), and "Physiology and Behavior". He edited special issues for the journals "Behavior Genetics", "Behavioural Brain Research", "Physiology and Behavior" (with Robert Gerlai), "Hippocampus" (with Aryeh Routtenberg), and "Brain Research Bulletin" (with Catherine Belzung and Robert Gerlai). He also edited a handbook on molecular genetic techniques for behavioral neuroscience together with Robert Gerlai. He is currently editing the "Cambridge Handbooks in Behavioural Genetics", a series of handbooks published by Cambridge University Press. The first volume, "Behavioral Genetics of the Mouse", will appear in 2013.

Crusio was one of two co-founders of the International Behavioural and Neural Genetics Society in 1996 He served as member-at-large of the executive committee, treasurer, and president (1998–2001) of this society. He received from this society in 2011 the "Distinguished Service Award" for exceptional contributions to the field of behavioral neurogenetics. Crusio also served on the executive committees of the Behavior Genetics Association (from which he resigned in protest to Glayde Whitney's 1995 presidential address), the European Brain and Behaviour Society, and the International Behavioral Neuroscience Society (IBNS). Crusio has been a President of the Dutch Behavior Genetics Contact Group. He has been a member of several program committees for scientific meetings, most notably the 8th and 10th World Congresses of Psychiatric Genetics and the 2008, 2009 (co-chair), 2010 (chair), and 2011 (chair) Annual Meetings of the IBNS.

According to the Web of Science, Crusio's articles have been cited over 3200 times and he has an h-index of 33. Some important papers are:


Fragmentation (computer)

Fragmentation is the name given to a phenomenon that can be observed when a partition or logical volume is used over a longer period of time. In general, such a volume has a common file system. When data is written, the file system will try to keep logical blocks together as much as possible, using free space on the file system when this is available. When this is not possible, a file will be split into parts, which will be written to the volume. As the file is not stored in one part, accessing it will take a little longer. A process that saves all the files in one part per file is called defragmentation. 

2013 Formula One World Championship

The 2013 Formula One season was the 64th season of the Formula One World Championship. Eleven teams and twenty-two drivers competed in nineteen Grands Prix. The season started in Australia on 17 March and ended in Brazil on 24 November.

The 2013 season was the final year for the 2.4 litre V8 engine setup.

Sebastian Vettel was the defending World Drivers' Champion. He was Champion again in 2013.

At the 2012 Malaysian Grand Prix, Bernie Ecclestone said that the "majority" of teams in the 2012 season agreed to compete in 2013.

On 30 November 2012, the FIA published a provisional entry list for the 2013 season.

In November 2012, the owners of HRT F1 placed the team for sale. The team needed to find a buyer by 30 November to remain in the sport. HRT failed to find a buyer and the team was not included in the 2013 entry list.

In September 2012, seven-time World Champion Michael Schumacher said that he was retiring from the sport for a second time. World Champion Lewis Hamilton agreed to take Schumacher's place. The move ended his fourteen-year career with McLaren.

Driver Sergio Pérez left Sauber to join McLaren. Nico Hülkenberg filled the vacant seat at Sauber. Hülkenberg was joined by Esteban Gutiérrez, who was Sauber's testing and reserve driver in and .

Charles Pic moved from Marussia to Caterham. Max Chilton took his place at Marussia.
The following nineteen races appeared on the 2013 race schedule. The number of races on the Formula One calendar is dictated by the Concorde Agreement.

The calendar was originally meant to host twenty races. This would add the new Grand Prix of Jersey. The race in New Jersey was delayed to 2014.


Points are awarded to the top ten classified finishers using the following structure:

Notes:

Notes:

Anonymus Valesianus

Anonym[o]us Valesianus is the name of a text, published by Henri Valois (1603-1676) in 1636. The text was published together with Res Gestae of Ammianus Marcellinus. The name is misleading: There are two texts, which have nothing in common, except the subject of history. They are labeled Anonymus Valesianus I and II. 

Anonymus Valesianus I, also called Origo Constantini talks about the life of Constantine the Great, roughly the time of 301 to 337 AD. The author is unknown, and was probably pagan. Most likely the text was written shortly after the death of the emperor. The author gives a good review of the life, and offers details which can be found in no other text. The text was written around 390, and is regarded as a reliable source

The second text gives a historic overview beginning with the reign of Julius Nepos. It ends with the death of Theodoric the Great, roughly 474-526. The author of the second text was probably Roman Catholic, and the text was written in Ravenna, which was very important at the time.The text was written after 526, probably between 550 and 560. It bears the heading "item ex libris Chronicorum inter cetera". The text mostly deals with the reign of the Gothic king in Italy, Theodoric the Great."(Even though it is) poorly written (the text) is based on a no longer (existing) chronicle by the bishop of Ravenna, Maximianus, a highly (learned) and knowledgable scholar".

Patti LuPone

Patti Ann LuPone (born in Northport, New York, April 21, 1949) is an American performer. She has several Tony Awards. She won her first playing Eva Perón in the 1979 musical "Evita". She also acted in many television programs and movies. These include "The 24 Hour Woman" and "Witness".


Bermuda triangle

The Bermuda Triangle, sometimes called the Devil's Triangle, is an area in the western part of the North Atlantic Ocean. The weather above the Bermuda triangle always remain misty and cloudy and dull during summer slight changes occur, but only sometimes.

Some people think this is because of paranormal or extraterrestrial beings. Many of the incidents were false. Some people believe that insurance companies charge higher premiums for shipping in this area, but that is not true.

Aircrafts and ships have been missing too. On 5 December 1945 a US Navy flight of five Torpedo Bombers on a navigation exercise became lost; likewise a PBM patrol plane on the search for the missing aircraft was lost due to an explosion of unknown cause. This is because of magnetic force in it.

On 30 January 1948 BSAA G-AHNP "Star Tiger" was lost due to unknown causes while flying from Lisbon, Portugal to Bermuda. Among those missing was retired RAF Air Marshal Sir Arthur Coningham. At 3:17 Star Tiger had requested a new bearing to Bermuda. Despite missing two route flight checks from "Star Tiger" at 3:45 and 4:15, Bermuda did not issue a missing alert until nearly an hour and a half after the plane last transmission. On 30 January 1948 a press dispatch reported the planes loss at 440 miles northeast of Bermuda. On 1 February 1948 a B-17 search plane reported sighting several boxes and an oil drum 325 miles northwest of Bermuda; it is unknown if this flotsam was connected to the missing plane or not.[Glasgow Herald 2 February 1948] (If this was debris from the missing plane, it was probably an indication that "Star Tiger" had flown on for another 100 miles before being lost at sea; the time is unknown but could have occurred within 30 minutes when the plane was overdue for its last route check. Although the cause of the loss is unknown the known facts that it was "flying into a gale storm with only about an 3 1/2 hours worth of fuel" could have been a contributing factor (strong headwinds could caused the plane to use up more fuel than the crew realized).Another interesting fact is that while the plane was flying at 2,000 feet the crew position reports indicate have they thought were flying at the regular 20,000 feet; prehaps a minuite of inattention on the part of the crew or a sudden windshear gust going downward could have caused the plane to crash in the ocean.The Fantasy Fiction series The Twilight Zone has a 24 February 1961 episode "The Odyssey of Flight 33" which is a retelling of The Flying Dutchman legend in which this version is of an airliner trapped in a Time Vortex; among one of the passengers is an unnamed RAF general officer presumedly based on Air Marshal Sir Arthur Coningham.

On 28 December 1948 a DC-3 was lost on a nighttime flight due to unknown causes between San Juan Puerto Rico to Miami Florida. Although the cause and location of the disappearance is Unknown, there are several other factors: The report noted that although the carrier, aircraft, and crew were certified, at the time of takeoff, the aircraft did not meet the requirements of the operating certificate.The company's maintenance records were incomplete. In one case, a subcontractor working on an engine in October 1948 completed the task but did not save any records proving it.As far as human error, the report cited several occurrences:
Captain Linquist told San Juan that his landing gear down indicator lamps did not work. This led to the discovery that his batteries were low on water and electrical charge. While he ordered the refilling of the batteries with water, he ordered the reinstallation of the batteries on board the aircraft without recharging them.
The aircraft left with the batteries charged only enough to satisfy two-way radio communication with the tower, with the understanding that an in-flight flight plan would be filed before they left the vicinity of San Juan. This was not done, and the plane continued on a course for Miami. It was noted in the report that the plane's radio transmitter did not function properly due to the low battery charge.
The aircraft left San Juan with a cargo/passenger weight 118 lb (54 kg) over the allowable limit.
A message was sent to the plane concerning a change in wind direction that could have been strong enough to push the plane off course. It was not known if the plane received the message.
The plane's electrical system was not functioning normally prior to departing San Juan.
The aircraft had fuel for 7 1/2 hours of flight; at the time the last transmission was intercepted, the flight had gone on for 6 hours and 10 minutes after takeoff, and thus "an error in location would be critical
Miami weather was clear, but the wind had moved from northwest to northeast. The accident investigation report said that Miami transmitted the wind change information, but neither Miami nor New Orleans "was able to contact the flight". It is therefore unknown whether NC16002 received the information. Without this knowledge the aircraft could have drifted 40–50 mi (64–80 km) off course, which widened the search area to include hills in Cuba, the Everglades and even Gulf of Mexico waters.
the plane last transmission was at 4:13 but was not heard in Miami but in New Orleans. On 4 January 1949, two bodies were found 80–90 kilometres (50–56 mi) south of Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (El Tiempo January 5, 1949) It is unknown if this was connected to the missing plane. (IF they did come from the missing plane =plus the fact the last message from the missing DC-3 was heard not in Miami but New Orleans, this could indicate the missing plane actually went down somewhere in the Straits of Florida between Florida and Cuba). Presumedly this accident could have inspired The Fantasy Fiction series "The Twilight Zone" has a 22 September 1961 episode "The Arrival" which is also a retelling of The Flying Dutchman legend in which a DC-3 plane without crew or passengers lands at an airport; it is ultimately shown to be a hallucination of an insane FAA investigator who is obsessed with trying to solve the mystery of a missing DC-3 which vanished nearly 17 years over the Atlantic Ocean in a flight from Buffalo New York.

On 17 January 1949 a second BSAA G-AGRE "Star Ariel" was lost due to unknown causes From Bermuda to Kingston Jamaica. An hour into its flight the pilot contacted Bermuda with an estimated time of arrival as 2:10. He also said that he would change Radio frequency from Bermuda to Jamaica at 30° N AT 9:37. That was the last message from the plane. Radio communication was very poor the day the plane disappeared. By his own airline rules the pilot was required to make a routine flight check every 30 minuites-thus the plane could have crashed anytime within a half hour to a full hour after his last radio call. While the cause and location of the crash are unknown there was a long delay in sending out search planes; Jamaica had not raised an alarm when "Star Ariel" had neither sent in routine radio route checks or failed to arrive as scheduled; Bermuda made no attempt to confirm with Jamaica that Star Ariel had "succeded" in changing radio frequencies (they may have assumded that "because" the pilot had said he would change radio frequencies that he had "already" did so;)and also did not tried to find out whether anything had been heard of the aircraft until 2 hours 28 minutes after its last radio transmission and also did not attempt to establish contact with the aircraft until 17:10 or inquire as to whether it had made contact with Nassau or New York or any other radio station.

According to Legend a sailing ship the "Ellen Austin" found a derelict vessel and placed a crew to sail the vessel to port. Two versions of what happened to the vessel are: the vessel was either lost in a storm or was found again without a crew. Lawrence David Kusche author of "The Bermuda Triangle Mystery-Solved" found no mention in 1880 or 1881 newspapers of this alleged incident-he did trace the legend to a book by Rupert Gould "The Stargazer Talks" published in 1943. The "Ellen Austin" did exist; although one website includes the alleged derelict vessel incident it does find that Rupert Gould talked about the legend on radio in the 1930s; likewise the website traces the derelict story to a June 1906 newspaper story-which claims the derelict ship incident took place in 1891- however the 1906 story does not give a reference of where this story came from!

According to Legend a U.S. Navy collier USS Cyclops {AC-4} was lost without trace in March 1918 with about the loss of 306 persons. Circumstantial evidence uncovered by two separate researchers is that the missing ship was lost due to a storm 10 March 1918. The first appeared in "Popular Science" June 1929 article by Alfred P. Reck "Strangest American Sea Mystery is Solved at Last"; nearly 50 years later Lawrence David Kusche author of "The Bermuda Triangle Mystery Solved" found a report that a navy diver may have accidently found the missing vessel off Cape Charles Virginia in 1968 and also evidence of the storm of 9/10 March 1918.

Fontella Bass

Fontella Bass (July 3, 1940 – December 26, 2012) was an American singer. She was born in St. Louis. Her song "Rescue Me" hit #1 in the US R&B Singles Chart in 1965. She also had many other successful songs. She died due to complications from a heart attack.

Bass was the daughter of gospel singer Martha Bass.


Harry Carey Jr.

Harry G. Carey, Jr. (May 16, 1921 – December 27, 2012) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, and radio actor who is known for his Western movies directed by John Ford. He also appeared on "Gremlins", "Back to the Future Part III", "Tombstone", and in "The Searchers". His father, Harry Carey, was an actor.

Carey, Jr. was born on May 16, 1921 in Santa Clarita, California. He was married to Marilyn Fix from 1944 until his death in 2012. Carey, Jr. died on December 27, 2012 in his home in Santa Barbara, California from natural causes, aged 91.


Larry Holden

Laurence Holden (May 15, 1961 – February 13, 2011) was a movie, stage, and television actor who is known for his roles as Finch in "Batman Begins", as Jimmy in "Memento", and as Farrell in "Insomnia". He also appeared in "The Arc", "Cracker", and in "Charmed".

Holden was born on May 15, 1961. He was married to Hanne Kristiansen until his death in 2011. They had no children. Holden died on February 13, 2011 from cancer in Orange, Vermont, aged 49.<ref name="http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/hometownannapolis/obituary-preview.aspx?n=laurence-holden&pid=148810102&referrer=2822"></ref>


Shimonoseki

, also known as Amagaseki and Bakan, is a Japanese city in Yamaguchi Prefecture on the island of Honshu. The city is in the Chūgoku region.

It has been recognized as a core city since 2005.

Shimonoseki was the ancient capital city of the Nagato Province.


Shimonoseki is a port on the Kamnon Strait (Shimonoseki Strait) at the Western end of Honshu. The city is near to Kitakyūshū on the island of Kyushu.



Majoidea

Majoidea is a superfamily of crabs, infraorder Brachyura. Majoidea contains five or six families:

ValuJet Airlines Flight 592

ValuJet Airlines Flight 592 was a passenger flight which left Miami International Airport in Miami, Florida, scheduled to land in Atlanta, Georgia. The flight crashed in the Florida Everglades with 110 people on board. There were no survivors. The aircraft was a DC-9 previously owned by Delta Air Lines.

A few minutes after departure, N904VJ experienced a significant amount of electrical failures following the sound of a dull boom. The sound was caused by one of the spare nose tires stored in the cargo hold exploding because of the activation of a heated oxygen canister listed as company owned material(COMAT), stored on the plane by SabreTech. The canisters were not checked to see if they were empty or not and were sealed off using tape before being stored in boxes, which were loaded onto the aircraft. The canisters activated on the ground, and gradually became hotter and hotter until the canister housing the flammable air burst into flames.

Now in the air, the pilots continued outbound for several minutes before contacting air traffic control, notifying them of the emergency and their intentions to return to Miami. ATC then radioed the plane about the nature of the problem to which First Officer Hazen replied, "with fire and smoke in the cabin". The north departure controller then notified Miami Center that Flight 592 had an emergency and was returning to Miami.

With the cabin completely in flames, Hazen radioed ATC saying that the airplane needed the closest available airport. The controller tells him that the aircraft is cleared to land on Runway 12 at Miami. The first officer acknowledging this was the last radio contact received by ValuJet Flight 592.

Multiple witnesses testified that they saw the DC-9 in a dive moments before impacting the Everglades. At 14:13:32, ValuJet Flight 592 crashes into the Florida Everglades at high speed in an extreme nose down attitude. The aircraft is completely destroyed and all 110 passengers and crew on board are killed.

Cliff Osmond

Cliff Osmond (Clifford Osman Ebrahim, February 26, 1937 – December 22, 2012) was an American actor, screenwriter, director, writer, and producer who is known for his roles in "Irma la Douce", "The Fortune Cookie", and in "Kiss Me Stupid".

Osmond was born on February 26, 1937 in Jersey City, New Jersey. He was raised in Union City, New Jersey. Osmond studied at Dartmouth College and at the University of California, Los Angeles. He was married to Gretchen Ebrahim from the 1950s until his death in 2012. They had two children, Margaret and Eric Ebrahim.

Osmond's career would begin in 1961 in the television show "The Riffleman". Then he would appear in other movies such as "Wild and Wonderful", "Three Guns for Texas", "Invation of the Bee Girls", "The Front Page", "The Great Brain", "The North Avenue Irregulars", and in his last well-known role in "For Which He Stands" in 1996. After he stopped acting and later he began to direct and produce shows or television movies. He directed his last movie before his death "Bxx: Haunted" in 2012.

Osmond died on December 22, 2012 in his home in Pacific Palisades, California from pancreatic cancer, aged 75.



Great Dividing Range

The Great Dividing Range, or the Eastern Highlands, is Australia's largest mountain range. It is the fifth longest land-based range in the world. The range is in length and runs along the whole east coast of Australia. In the north it starts from Dauan Island off the northeastern tip of Queensland. In Victoria the range turns west and ends at the Grampians in western Victoria. The width of the range varies from about to over .

The difference in height between the narrow coastal area and the eastern mountains has affected Australia's climate. This caused by the mountains causing lots of rain as clouds move over them. There are many gorges where the rise is tall.

The Great Dividing Range is not a single mountain range. There is a complex of mountain ranges, plateaus, upland areas and escarpments. In some places the land is nearly flat, with only very low hills. The highlands range from to in height.

The Great Dividing Range is made of limestones, sandstone, quartzite, schists and metamorphic dolomite. Their shapes have been made by faulting and folding processes.

The crest of the range is the boundary between the drainage basins of rivers; those which drain east into the Pacific Ocean, or southward into Bass Strait; and those rivers which drain west and south into the Murray-Darling rivers. In the north, the rivers on the west side of the range drain towards the Gulf of Carpentaria.

The higher and more rugged parts of the "range" are not always part of the crest of the range. The term "Great Dividing Range" is used for both the watershed crest, and all of the hills and mountains between the east coast of Australia and the central plains and lowlands. At some places the Great Dividing Range can be up to wide. Most of the ranges and other features have their own names.

The Great Dividing Range was formed during the Carboniferous period, some 300 million years ago when the super continent Pangaea was forming. The range has eroded since then, and is now much lower than the more recent ranges such as the Alps and Himalayas. Its highest point is Mount Kosciuszko at 2,228 m (7,310 ft).

Much of the range lies in national parks and other protected areas. Most of the national parks are listed below. There are also many more state forests.



Photochemistry

Photochemistry is the study of chemical reactions with light. There are many natural examples. One is photosynthesis, how plants make oxygen from carbon dioxide and water. Another is making vitamin D in the body.

Many times reactions go with heat: as you heat molecules, they start to move around and so hit other molecules which can then react. What molecules need is just some activation energy, a little energy to start the reaction. In the case of photochemistry, this energy is given by the light. A molecule or an atom absorbs at a certain wavelength. If light is given at this wavelength then the molecule or atom becomes excited. It is then easier for it to react.

Another way in which light can help reactions go is by changing the symmetry of a molecule. This can be tested with the Woodward–Hoffmann rules. Some pericyclic reactions go with heat, some go only with light.

In atmospheric chemistry, light is very important. This is because there is much more UV light at the top of the atmosphere. This allows reactions that do not happen on the ground. For example, ozone can split in an oxygen molecule and one oxygen atom.

Hastings-on-Hudson, New York

Hastings-on-Hudson is a village in Westchester County, New York. It is a suburb of New York City.

Gameshow Marathon

Gameshow Marathon is an American television program which aired on CBS from May 31, 2006 to June 29, 2006. Six celebrity contestants competed in a tournament with classic game shows. The game shows that were played included "The Price is Right", "Match Game", and "Family Feud". Ricki Lake was the host of the show. Contestants in the show included Kathy Najimy and Leslie Nielsen.

J. R. Martinez

Jose Rene "J. R." Martinez (born June 14, 1983) is an American actor, motivational speaker and former U.S. Army soldier. He participated in Dancing with the Stars and won in Fall 2011. He was the grand marshal of the Tournament of Roses Parade in 2012. In 2008, he played the role of Brot Monroe on the ABC daytime soap opera "All My Children".

In 2003, Martinez sustained severe burns over 34 percent of his body while serving as an Army infantryman in Iraq.

He was born in Shreveport, Louisiana to Maria Zavala. He has two sisters who were raised with his mother's family in El Salvador. His sister Anabel died before Martinez ever had the chance to meet her. Martinez has never met his father. When he was young he moved to Hope, Arkansas with his mother. At 17, Martinez and his mother moved to Dalton, Georgia, before his senior year of high school.


Batman Forever

Batman Forever is a 1995 American action-adventure movie directed by Joel Schumacher and based on the DC Comics character Batman. It starres Val Kilmer as Batman. Tommy Lee Jones, Jim Carrey and Nicole Kidman also act. This was released June 16, 1995 across the United States. It grossed over $330 million at the box office. It got mixed reviews from the critics. Originally intended as a sequel to Batman Returns with Michael Keaton and Michelle Pfeiffer reprising their roles and Tim Burton supposed to come back to direct, the movie was instead turned into a reboot and is the first installment of Joel Schumacher's Batman duology. Despite this Michael Gougg and Chris played Alfred and Commisary Gordon again.


Henri Valois

Henri Valois, sometimes called Henricus Valesianus, was a medieval scholar. He was born in 1606 and died in 1676. His family belonged to nobility, and was established in Bayeux and Lisieux. He studied with the Jesuits in Verdun, and later in Paris. He also studied law in Bourges. To make his father happy, he lived as a lawyer in Paris for 7 years, even though he preferred to study. Today, he is known for the church history of Eusebius which he translated in 1660, and other translations of classical texts and fragments. Among these are the works of Constantine VII, which he identified and translated, Ammianus Marcellinus, and a history of Pope Constantine. He translated and published histories of Socrates of Constantinople, Sozomen, Athanasius of Alexandria, as well texts of the First Council of Nicaea,Theodoret, Evagrius Scholasticus, Philostorgius, Theodorus Lector. He also published two texts from anonymous authors, known as Anonymus Valesianus today.

His translations were later used for translations of these texts into French.

Verdun

Verdun is a commune in Lorraine. About 18,000 people live there. It is the sub-prefecture of the Meuse department and lies on the river of the same name. It has a long history. The city is known for its Dragées, a confectionery which contain either almonds or anise seeds. The London Quai (Quai de Londres) is named in honor of the British capital that financed the city's reconstruction after Word War I.


Paula Patton

Paula Maxine Patton (born December 5, 1975, Los Angeles) is an American movie and television actress. She acted in movies like "Idlewild", "Precious" and "Swing Vote". She also did quite a few television shows.

Carl Stumpf

Carl Stumpf (21 April 1848 – 25 December 1936) was a German philosopher and psychologist. He is known for his impact on phenomenology, one of the most important philosophical trends of the twentieth century. 

He had an important influence on Edmund Husserl, the founder of modern phenomenology, as well as Max Wertheimer, Wolfgang Köhler and Kurt Koffka, co-founders of Gestalt psychology. 

Stumpf was also one of the pioneers of musicology and ethnomusicology. He held positions in the philosophy departments at the Universities of Göttingen, Würzburg, Prague, Munich and Halle, before obtaining a chair (professorship) at the University of Berlin.

Stumpf began his "Tonpsychologie" (Tone psychology) in 1875, perhaps his greatest contribution to psychology. He distinguished between phenomena and mental functions, suggesting that phenomena such as tones, colours, and images are either sensory or imaginary. Stumpf termed the study of such phenomena as "phenomenology". He did a wide range of studies of the sounds of different instruments, melody, tonal fusion, and the consonance and dissonance of tones. 

In 1903 and 1904, Stumpf was involved in two public episodes about sensational phenomena. First, an engineer from Prague claimed to have invented a machine that could change photographs of sound waves into sound. Stumpf, after attending a demonstration, wrote an article challenging it, and it was never heard about again. However, the case of Clever Hans, an apparently brilliant horse owned by Herr von Osten, was even more sensational. The research done under his guidance disproved the idea that the animal understood language. It turned out that the horse was following subtle clues given unconsciously by its owner.



Michael Learned

Michael Learned (// born on April 9, 1939, Washington, D.C.) is an American actress. She became well known for playing Olivia Walton for the television series "The Waltons" in the 1970s. She also starred in other television series and in movies. She was married to actor Peter Donat from 1965 until 1972.

James Okubo

James K. Okubo (May 30, 1920 – January 29, 1967) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Okubo was born in Anacortes, Washington. His parents were Japanese immigrant parents. He was a "Nisei", which means that he was a second generation Japanese-American.

The Okubo family was interned at the Tule Lake War Relocation Center in California; and then they were moved to the camp at Hart Mountain in Wyoming.

Okubo joined the US Army in May 1943.

Okubo volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 442nd Regimental Combat Team. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in October 1944, Okubo was awarded the Army's third-highest decoration, the Silver Star. In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the Silver Star during World War II. Okubo's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, he was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Okubo's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in eastern France in 1944. many times, he exposed himself to intense fire to treat and evacuate wounded men.

The words of Okubo's citation explain:
Technician Fifth Grade James K. Okubo distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 28 and 29 October and 4 November 1944, in the Foret Domaniale de Champ, near Biffontaine, eastern France. On 28 October, under strong enemy fire coming from behind mine fields and roadblocks, Technician Fifth Grade Okubo, a medic, crawled 150 yards to within 40 yards of the enemy lines. Two grenades were thrown at him while he left his last covered position to carry back wounded comrades. Under constant barrages of enemy small arms and machine gun fire, he treated 17 men on 28 October and 8 more men on 29 October. On 4 November, Technician Fifth Grade Okubo ran 75 yards under grazing machine gun fire and, while exposed to hostile fire directed at him, evacuated and treated a seriously wounded crewman from a burning tank, who otherwise would have died. Technician Fifth Grade James K. Okubo's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

Okubo is the namesake of the Okubo Family Health Clinic at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington.

The Okubo Barracks at the Fort Sam Houston in Texas are named after the "Nisei" soldier.



Automotive industry

The automotive industry refers to the design, manufacture, marketing and selling of motor vehicles. It is one of the world's biggest economic sectors in terms of the money it makes. The automotive industry began in the 1890s with hundreds of manufacturers making the "horseless carriage". The Ford Model T was one of the first cars to be sold for very little money. For a long time, the United States was the biggest producer of automobiles. In 1929, before the Great Depression, the world had 32,028,500 automobiles in use. The U.S. automobile industry had produced over 90% of them. At that time, the U.S. had one car per 4.87 persons. From the 1960s, Japan became the second biggest producer of automobiles in the world. China became the world leader in making automobiles in 2009.


Tiffany Cross Medal of Honor

The Tiffany Cross Medal of Honor was created immediately after World War I. The US Navy decided to recognize via the Medal of Honor two manners of heroism. One in combat and one in the line of a sailor's profession. The original upside-down star was designated as the non-combat version and a new pattern of the medal pendant, in cross form, was designed by the Tiffany Company in 1919. It was to be presented to a sailor or Marine who "in action involving actual conflict with the enemy, distinguish[es] himself conspicuously by gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty" and without detriment to his mission. This pendant became the "Tiffany Cross".

The "Tiffany Cross" is suspended from the classic light blue Medal of Honor ribbon with 13 white stars. At the ribbon top is a bar with the word "VALOUR". The medal is a gold cross pattée overlaying an oak and laurel wreath on the obverse side, with an antique anchor in each arm of the cross. The center, overlaying the cross, is an octagon with the phrases "UNITED STATES NAVY" to the top and "1917·1918" to the bottom, on the perimeter separated by two stars. The center of the octagon is the Great Seal of the United States. The reverse side is flat, suitable for engraving. Recipients medals often had intricate inscriptions.

On 4 February 1919 Congress, in the same act that created the Navy Cross and the Navy Distinguished Service Medal, Congress provided:

Designed by Tiffany Company, this medal became the "Tiffany Cross" and eligibility was retroactive to 6 April 1917, when the United States entered World War I.

Despite the "actual conflict" guidelines, the "Tiffany Cross" was awarded to Floyd Bennett and Richard Byrd for arctic exploration, and to John Siegel for a rescue at sea. In the words of the Congressional Medal of Honor Society, the "Tiffany Cross" Program was "poorly regulated and documented."

The "Tiffany Cross" was unpopular, perhaps because it so closely resembled the German Iron Cross. Recipients, such as Admiral Byrd, requested, received, and wore the classical inverted star design. Byrd received his "Tiffany Cross" on 27 February 1927 from President Coolidge. He received his classical Medal of Honor on 20 June 1930 from President Hoover. His motives for the change are not remarked upon. In 1942, the Navy returned to using only the original 1862 inverted 5-point star design, and ceased issuing the award for non-combat action.

During the "Tiffany Cross's" active status, the next lower naval award was the Navy Distinguished Service Medal, followed by the Navy Cross. By congressional action on 7 August 1942, in the same act that terminated the "Tiffany Cross", the Distinguished Service Medal and the Navy Cross swapped places, with the Navy Cross also becoming solely a combat award.

The US Naval History & Heritage Command asserts that 28 sailors and Marines received the "Tiffany Cross", but does not provide a list. However, a review of:
make a nearly complete list. There are at least three recipients (Byrd, Bennett, Siegal) who have been awarded the "Tiffany Cross" for non-combat actions. There may be other in-period recipients that have also have received one, but these aren't known, and would require investigation of similar nature for each.


Naval History &amp; Heritage Command

The Naval History & Heritage Command (NHHC) is at the historic Washington Navy Yard. It is an Echelon II command responsible for the preservation, analysis, and dissemination of U.S. naval history and heritage. The NHHC is composed of 42 facilities in 13 geographic locations. This includes the Navy Department Library, ten museums and one heritage center, USS Constitution repair facility and detachment, and Historic ship NAUTILUS.


"Be the recognized authority on U.S. naval history and instill pride in America's naval heritage."

The position of Director of Naval History was first established in 1944.



Similar collections that document the Navy’s history in specialized areas of interest are located at the eleven official U.S. Navy museums nationwide.

There are fifteen official Navy museums. They are designed to educate a national audience about the history, customs, and traditions of the U.S. Navy. These museums are dedicated to community outreach and offer curriculum-based education programs, docent-led tours, special evening programs, summer activities, lectures, and musical performances that are open to the public and free of charge. For more information on the following Navy museums, visit the NHHC website:



Opel Signum

The Opel Signum is a car produced by Opel. It was a more upmarket version of the Vectra that it was based on and it arrived in 2003 with a facelift in 2005 and was discontinued in 2008 with no replacement. It was sold in the UK as the Vauxhall Signum. 

It is a hatchback version of the Opel Vectra.


Opel Omega

The Opel Omega is a car produced by Opel. It replaced the Opel Rekord in 1986. The first generation was sold as the Vauxhall Carlton in the UK and was facelifted in 1991 It was sold as the Vauxhall Omega in the UK with the second generation which arrived in 1994 with a facelift in late 1999. It was discontinued in 2003 with no direct replacement. It was also sold as the Cadillac Catera in the US from 1997 to 2001 with a facelift for the 2000 model year. 

Bob Balaban

Robert Elmer "Bob" Balaban (born August 16, 1945) is an American actor, author, producer, and director who is known for his roles in "Moonrise Kingdom", "Gosford Park", "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "Best in Show", "Lady in the Water", and as his guest-staring roles as Russell Dalrymple in "Seinfeld" and Frank Buffay, Sr. in "Friends".

Balaban was born on August 16, 1945 in Chicago, Illinois to a Jewish family. His grandparents were Russian immagrants who came to Chicago. Balaban studied at Colgate University and at New York University. He has been married to Lynn Grossman since 1977. They had two children, Hazel and Mariah. He is Jewish. Balaban now lives in Manhattan, New York.


Sofi Needs a Ladder

"Sofi Needs a Ladder" is a song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 and features vocals from Sofia Toufa (SOFI). The song is featured on deadmau5's fifth studio album "4×4=12." 

The song was first played on BBC Radio 1 on 22 October 2010.

It was originally an instrumental song and was called "You Need a Ladder" but the song was changed to "Sofi Needs a Ladder" when Sofia Toufa performed the vocals for it.

Deadmau5 create a contest for the best remix of "Sofi Needs A Ladder". The winner's name is MosDam, that had remixed a lot of Deadmau5 tracks.

The song is featured during a house party in a season 8 episode of Entourage, The finals of The X Factor where the first verse was mashed with "What a Feeling" and was performed by Cher Lloyd, the club scene during The Hangover Part II and on the soundtrack of .

Sofi Needs a Ladder won a Juno Award for "Best Dance Recording" in 2011.

Animal Rights (song)

"Animal Rights" is a collaboration song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 and American house music producer, Wolfgang Gartner. The song is featured on deadmau5's fifth studio album "4×4=12." 

The song was first played on BBC Radio 1 on 28 August 2010. Animal Rights was added to the BBC Radio 1's playlist on 1 December 2010.

The song reached #72 on the UK Singles Chart and reached #15 on the UK Dance Chart.

Some Chords

"Some Chords" is a song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5. The song is featured on deadmau5's fifth studio album "4×4=12." 

The song is the first single from 4×4=12. It was featured on a episode titled "Pool Shark" where deadmau5 played himself in the episode. The song also appears on the soundtrack to the 2010 video game, The Sims 3.

The music video for the song was selected as the winner of a competition deadmau5 sent out using Wooshii. The music video is about a man named Tom who has a snare drum for a head.

Strobe (song)

"Strobe" is a song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5. The song is featured on deadmau5's fourth studio album "For Lack of a Better Name." 

The song is the second single from the album and was released on 23 February 2010. The song was originally came from the 2006 song, "Then We Stood Still". A live version of the song was released only through the iTunes version of his sixth studio album > album title goes here < in 2012. The song is a progressive house song that is influenced from the ambient music genre. There are also several remixes for the song including a Michael Woods remix, a Plump DJs remix and a DJ Marky & S.P.Y. remix.

It reached #128 on the UK Singles Chart and also reached #13 on the UK Dance Chart in the United Kingdom.

Ghosts 'n' Stuff

"Ghosts 'n' Stuff", also known as "Ghosts N Stuff", is a song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 and features vocals from Rob Swire of Pendulum and Knife Party. The song is featured on deadmau5's fourth studio album "For Lack of a Better Name." 

The song was first made in 2004 and deadmau5 said that the song ended up going through at least 10 revisions. deadmau5 and Swire met each other backstage at various festivals and they both decided to collaborate on a song.

The song was specifically made for Pete Tong's BBC Radio 1 Essential Selection show which deadmau5 was a guest on along with Steve Angello. Tong asked deadmau5 if deadmau5 could create something new for his appearance. deadmau5 said that the song was originally called "Hotel" because he made it for Tong's show when he was staying in his hotel. He also said that the song was "just now" finished and that he would now call it "Ghosts 'n' Stuff".

The music video for the song was shot in Toronto, Ontario and features Joel Zimmerman being rushed to the hospital but dies on arrival. Zimmerman is then revived as a ghost and roams the streets of Toronto where he gets a tattoo of a Space Invader alien, gets runs into a gang of ghosts and attends a rave where the other people are dressed up in different costumes. One of the people at the rave wearing a deadmau5 helmet pulls the white sheet off and Joel wakes up in the hospital. Joel also finds that the Space Invaders tattoo that he got as a ghost is still on his neck.

The music video for the song was also shown on a 2011 episode of Beavis and Butt-head titled, "Drones". 

I Remember

"I Remember" is a song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 and American DJ Kaskade. The song is featured on deadmau5's first studio album "Random Album Title" and the Strobelite Edit is featured on Kaskade's fifth solo album "Strobelite Seduction".

The song is featured on the soundtrack of the 2011 film The Lincoln Lawyer and the remix by FSG was featured in DJ Hero 2 and GoldenEye 007.

The music video for the song was shot in Manchester and features British actor Stephen Graham as well as Warren Brown, Aston Kelly, Greg Walsh & Emma Edmondson. 

The video starts with Graham's character talking to two young men played by Warren Brown & Aston Kelly about rave culture and life. Brown and Kelly's characters then find a place for what is later revealed to be an illegal rave where deadmau5 is performing as the DJ. The video ends with a "to be continued" title card.

Actor Stephen Graham was almost arrested because the police accidentally mistook the music video for an actual illegal rave.

Bandipore

Bandipora () is a sub-district of Baramulla District in Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Proserpina

Proserpina (; Latin: "Prōserpina") or Proserpine is the goddess of springtime and the queen of the underworld in Roman mythology. She was the daughter of Ceres. In Greek mythology, there was a goddess who was like Proserpina called Persephone. She was first brought to Rome in the year 204 BC. Many of her stories were based on those of the Greek goddess. 

Her name is possibly derived from the Latin "proserpere", meaning "to emerge or come forth".

Libera was reated to Proserpina from 205 BC. She and Ceres got a Romanised form of Greek religious events. This was part of Rome's religious acceptance of deities to serve as divine friends against Carthage, towards the end of the Second Punic War. In the late Republican era, Cicero described Liber and Libera as Ceres' children. At around the same time, Hyginus made Libera same to Greek Ariadne, as bride to Liber's Greek equivalent, Dionysus. The older and newer forms of her names, worship, and rites, and their diverse relationships, existed well into the late Imperial times. St. Augustine (354–430 AD) wrote that Libera was a goddess of female fertility, just as Liber was a god of male fertility.

Proserpina was brought to Rome as the daughter of Ceres in the newly Romanised culture of "Mother and Daughter". The cult originated from southern Italy. It was politically a friend to Rome but culturally a part of Magna Graecia. The cult was based on the women-only Greek Thesmophoria. It was a part public and part secret culture to Demeter and Persephone as "Mother and Maiden". It came to Rome along with its Greek priestesses. The priestesses were given Roman citizenship. They were able to pray to the gods "with an outside knowledge, but for a native and good purpose". In his book on Virgil, Servius writes that Proserpina's divine name is Luna, and her earthly name is Diana.

The most popular story of Prosperina is of her being taken away by force by the god of the Underworld. Her mother Ceres searched for her. Her mother stopped doing all the works in the world that she used to do. In Latin literature, several stories are known. All similar mostly to the stories of Greek Persephone being taken away by force by the King of the underworld. The king was named in Latin sources as Dis or Pluto, and in Greek sources as Hades or Pluto. "Hades" can mean both the hidden Underworld and its king ('the hidden one'). In early Greek stories, it is a dark thing. Persephone is "Kore" ('the maiden') who was taken against her will in the underworld. 

Ordinary People

Ordinary People is a 1980 drama movie. It was directed by Robert Redford. It is based on the 1976 Judith Guest novel by the same name. The movie stars Donald Sutherland, Timothy Hutton, Judd Hirsch and Mary Tyler Moore. It is about suicide and family dysfunctions. The movie got several Academy Awards, including Best Picture of the Year.

List of Hispanic Medal of Honor recipients

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).

Forty-four men of Hispanic heritage have been presented the Medal of Honor. Two were presented to members of the United States Navy. Thirteen to members of the United States Marine Corps. Twenty-nine to members of the United States Army. Twenty-five Medals of Honor were presented posthumously.

The first recipient was Corporal Joseph H. De Castro of the Union Army for his actions at Gettysburg, Pennsylvania on July 3, 1863. He earned his in the American Civil War. The most recent recipient is Sergeant First Class Leroy Petry for his actions in Afghanistan. Corporal De Castro was a member of the Massachusetts Infantry. This militia was not part of the "regular" army. Private David Bennes Barkley was a member of the regular army during World War I and has been recognized as the Army's first Hispanic Medal of Honor recipient. In 1864, Seaman John Ortega became the first Hispanic member of the U.S. Navy to receive the Medal of Honor and in 1900, Private France Silva became the first person of Hispanic descent in the U.S. Marine Corps to receive the medal.

Ten recipients were born outside the United States mainland. One each in Chile and Spain. Four in Mexico and four in Puerto Rico. Seaman Philip Bazaar from Chile received the medal in January 1865 and Seaman John Ortega from Spain in December 1865. The first native Mexican recipient was Staff Sergeant Marcario Garcia and the first Puerto Rican was PFC Fernando Luis Garcia. 1st Lt. Rudolph B. Davila, of Hispanic-Filipino descent, was the only person of Filipino ancestry to receive the medal for his actions in the war in Europe during World War II. Private Joe P. Martinez was the first Hispanic-American recipient to be awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for combat heroism on American soil during the same conflict. 1st Lt. Baldomero Lopez, is the only Hispanic graduate of the United States Naval Academy recipient of the Medal of Honor. Captain Humbert Roque Versace was the first recipient of the Medal of Honor to be given to an Army POW for his actions during captivity in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War.

Hispanic is an ethnic term employed to categorize any citizen or resident of the United States. They can be of any racial background, of any country, and of any religion, who has at least one ancestor from the people of Spain. They can also be of non-Hispanic origin but has an ancestor from Mexico, Puerto Rico, Cuba, Central or South America, or other Hispanic origin. The three largest Hispanic groups in the United States are the Mexican-Americans, Puerto Ricans and Cubans.

Three Hispanic Americans earned the Medal of Honor during the American Civil War. Two were sailors of the Union Navy and one was a soldier of the 19th Massachusetts Infantry.

During the Boxer rebellion only one Hispanic American received the Medal of Honor and that was France Silva who earned it for "distinguishing himself for meritorious conduct".

Note: The information in "Awards by branch of service Table" is based on the sourced information on the "List of Recipients Table".



List of Irish American Medal of Honor recipients

The following is a list of Irish-American soldiers, sailors, airmen and marines who were awarded the American military's highest decoration — the Medal of Honor, sometimes referred to as the Congressional Medal of Honor. The Medal of Honor is bestowed "for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of life, above and beyond the call of duty, in actual combat against an armed enemy force." The medal is awarded by the President of the United States on behalf of the Congress.

Of the 3,464 Medals of Honor awarded as of September 17, 2009, an estimated 2,018 have been awarded to Irish-American recipients, more than twice the number awarded any other ethnic group; 257 Irish-born Americans have received the Congressional Medal of Honor which represents more than half of foreign-born MOH recipients. A monument to these Irish-born Medal of Honor winners is located at Valley Forge's Medal of Honor Grove. The first Irish American to receive the Medal was Michael Madden, who received it for his actions in the American Civil War.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War and is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented posthumously.



David Denby

David Denby (born 1943) is an American journalist, critic, and historian who works with "The New Yorker" along with Anthony Lane. His career began in 1970s. He was influenced by critic Pauline Kael.

Denby was born in 1943 in New York City, New York. He studied at Columbia University and at Stanford University. He now lives in Manhattan, New York.


Serius Jones

Serius Jones is an American and all-time champion freestyle rapper. He has been featured in many rap battles and is a part time amateur rapper.




Anthony Lane

Anthony Lane (born 1962) is a British-American movie critic and journalist. He works for "The New Yorker" along with David Denby.

Lane was born in 1962 in London, England. He studied at Sherborne School and at Trinity College, Cambridge. He is partners with Allison Pearson. They have two children, Eveline and Thomas Lane. He now lives in Cambridge, England.


Theresa Randle

Theresa Randle (December 27, 1964, Los Angeles) is an American movie performer who began with studies in comedy and stage. Her movies include the "Bad Boys" series, "Maid to Order" and "Girl 6".

Barbara Bel Geddes

Barbara Bel Geddes (born October 31, 1922 – August 8, 2005) was an American television and movie actress. She was born in New York City. She acted in many television programs and movies. She performed as Ellie Ewing in the television show "Dallas". Bel Geddes died of lung cancer in 2005 in Maine. 

Alpine skiing

Alpine skiing is a winter sport. In this sport people try to go down hills which have snow on them with skis. The person who goes down fastest is the winner. There are many different types of races that can be done. This sport started around 1850 in Norway. 

Today, many people can try it because there are many ski resorts around the world to do this. For the best athletes there are many important competitions: the FIS Alpine Ski World Cup is the most known of them. Alpine skiing is played in the Olympics.

Alpine skiing is also sometimes called downhill skiing. However, under this last name there are many more types of skiing, for example freestyle.

There are four types of races in alpine skiing. In all of them, there is a start and finish line and some gates on the slope between these lines. Athletes must go between the gates, otherwise they are disqualified.

There is also a combined event. This has one downhill race and two slalom races. The races are usually shorter than the normal ones. The event takes place on one day only. The times are added and the athlete who has the fastest total time is the winner.

Sharon Gless

Sharon Gless (born May 31, 1943 in Los Angeles) is an American movie and television actress. She has two Emmy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards. She acted as Maggie Philbin in the TV series "Switch" and as Christine Cagney in "Cagney & Lacey". She also did other television programs.

In 1991, she married producer Barney Rosenzweig.

Hans Ferdinand Linskens

Hans Ferdinand Linskens (Lahr, Germany, May 22, 1921-August 13, 2007) was a German scientist. He did research in botany and genetics. He was professor of botany at the Radboud University Nijmegen from 1957 to 1986. Linskens was the editor-in-chief of the scientific journals "Theoretical and Applied Genetics" (1977 to 1987) and "Sexual Plant Reproduction". He was also an influential editor of handbooks.

Linskens was an elected member of the Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher Leopoldina, Linnean Society of London, Koninklijke Nederlandse Akademie van Wetenschappen, and the Académie Royale des Sciences de Belgique.

Old Tom Morris

Thomas Mitchell Morrison (16 June 1821 - 24 May, 1908) was a Scottish professional golf pioneer. He influenced many popular golfers including Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy, Phil Mickelson, and others.

Morris was born in St. Andrews, Fife, Scotland on 16 June 1821. He was the son of a weaver. He started playing golf by the age of 10. He used wine bottle corks pierced with sharp nails as golf balls. He played around the streets of the town using a homemade golf club.

Rosemary Harris

Rosemary Harris (born 19 September 1927) is an English movie and stage actress. She starred in the "Spider-Man" movie series, "Being Julia", and many others. She was born in Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Leicestershire. 

Harris was married to novelist John Ehle from 1967 until his death in 2018. They had one daughter, Jennifer Ehle.

List of Jewish Medal of Honor recipients

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. A recipient must distinguish themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. The medal is presented to the recipient by the President of the United States on behalf of the Congress.

Since it was instituted there have been 3,473 recipients. At least 27 American Jews have received the Medal of Honor for their actions starting in the American Civil War through the Vietnam War. The first two recipients were Henry Heller and David Orbansky. Both received it for their actions in 1863 during the American Civil War. Samuel Gross was the only Jewish American Marine to receive the medal for his actions in Fort Riviere, Haiti. The last to receive it was Tibor Rubin in 2005. He was believed to have been overlooked due to discrimination. His medal was for his actions in the Korean War in 1950. The medal was presented 55 years later.

Depending on religious definitions and varying population data, the United States currently has the second largest Jewish community in the world (after Israel). The American Jewish population was estimated to be approximately 5,128,000 (1.7%) of the total population in 2008 (304,060,000). However, it may be as high as 6,444,000 (2.2%). As a contrast, Israel's Central Bureau of Statistics estimated the Israeli Jewish population was 5,435,800 in 2007 (75.7% of the average population).

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The medal is bestowed "for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of life, above and beyond the call of duty, in actual combat against an armed enemy force" and the recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).

Until 1914 the Medal of Honor and the Purple Heart were the only medals that could be received. Prior to 1916 the criteria for the Medal of Honor were much less restrictive than it is today. In 1916 a board was established to ensure that future Medals of Honor would be made only for the highest purposes. The board determined some Medals that had been given out should be taken back.

Since the institution of the Medal of Honor, at least 27 have been presented to American Jews. Four received the medal posthumously.
The American Civil War was a major conflict fought between the federal government of the United States and eleven of its member States. They sought to secede and to create their own government. It was called the Confederate States of America. It started on April 12, 1861, shortly after Abraham Lincoln was elected President of the United States. It ended four years later on April 9, 1865. During the war over 10,000 military engagements took place and more than 3 million people fought on both sides. Forty percent of the battles were fought in the states of Virginia and Tennessee.

Since its creation, 1522 have received the Medal of Honor for actions during the American Civil War. Depending on sources, as many as seven were Jewish.

Indian Wars is the name generally used in the United States to describe a series of conflicts between the colonial or federal government and the native people of North America. The wars ranged from the 17th-century to the early 1900s. These wars generally resulted in the opening of Native American lands to further colonization.It included the conquest of American Indians and their assimilation. It often also included forced relocation to Indian reservations.

According to the U.S. Bureau of the Census (1894), "The Indian wars under the government of the United States have been more than 40 in number. They have cost the lives of about 19,000 white men, women and children, including those killed in individual combats, and the lives of about 30,000 Indians."

From the time the Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War, through the end of the Indian Wars there were 426 recipients who received it for actions in one of the Indian Wars. This included four American Jews. The first to receive it was Simon Suhler who received it under the name Charles Gardner. The next two were David Goodman and George Geiger. The last Jew to receive the medal for the Indian wars was Jacob Trautman. He received it for his actions in the battle now frequently referred to as the Wounded Knee Massacre.

The Philippine-American War was an armed military conflict between the United States and the First Philippine Republic. It was fought from 1899 to at least 1902. This war arose from a Filipino political struggle against U.S. occupation of the Philippines. While the conflict was officially declared over on July 4, 1902, American troops continued hostilities against remnants of the Philippine Army and other resistance groups until 1913. Some historians consider these unofficial extensions part of the war.

During the Philippine-American War 86 members of the American military received the Medal of Honor. The only American Jew to received it was Private Louis C. Mosher. He received it for risking his life while rescuing a wounded soldier from enemy fire.

In 1900 the United States dispatched American troops to China as part of a multinational force. It was sent to quell a rebellion that was endangering the lives of citizens from several countries. The conflict would become known as the Battle of Peking, or as the Boxer rebellion. After the battle, 59 Medals of Honor were presented for actions throughout the event. William Zion from Indiana was the only American Jew to receive the medal during this conflict.

In 1915 Haiti saw several bloody changes in Government leadership. The result was an unstable and dangerous environment for American citizens, business and interests. A citizen led revolt overthrew and killed the brutal new dictator General Vilbrun Guillaume Sam within 6 months of seizing power. President Woodrow Wilson ordered the United States Marines to restore order and protect American property and lives. When the Marines arrived they began engaging the rebel Cacos and in a battle that ended at Fort Riviere, Haiti. It resulted in hand-to-hand combat and the Cacos were eliminated. After the battle six Marines received the Medal of Honor for their actions. These Marines included Dan Daly, Smedley Butler and the only Jewish Marine to ever receive the Medal, Samuel Marguiles. He received it under the name Samuel Gross.

When World War I broke out, the United States initially maintained a policy of isolationism. They avoided conflict while trying to negotiate peace between the warring nations. When a German U-boat sank the British liner "Lusitania" in 1915 there were 128 Americans aboard. U.S. President Woodrow Wilson vowed that "America isn't too proud to fight". He demanded an end to attacks on passenger ships. Germany complied and Wilson unsuccessfully tried to mediate a settlement. He repeatedly warned that the U.S. would not tolerate unrestricted submarine warfare, in violation of international law. In 1917, three years after the first shots of the war were fired, the United States entered the war. By the end of the conflict more than 4.7 million American soldiers, sailors and Marines would fight in the war.

More than 250,000 Jewish Americans served in the armed forces during the war. More than 3,000 killed in action and another 12,000 being gassed or wounded.

One hundred twenty four people would eventually receive the Medal for their actions during the war. Seven of them were Jewish. One of them was William Sawelson. He received it posthumously when he was killed by a machine gun attempting to assist another injured soldier. Lieutenant Edouard Izac was captured by a German submarine after it sank the ship he was on. He was then taken prisoner and brought aboard where he gathered information about German submarine movements. He realized the importance of the information and determined he must escape. For his first escape attempt he jumped from a moving train. He was recaptured and sent to a prison camp. On his second attempt he successfully escaped the prison camp and made his way through the mountains of southwestern Germany. He swam the Rhine River at night with German sentries nearby.

During World War II 16.1 million American service members served. It is estimated 650,000 of them were Jewish American men and women. More than 50,000 American Jews received medals during the war including five Medals of Honor.

Among the recipients were three Jewish Americans, Isadore S. Jachman, Ben L. Salomon and Raymond Zussman who all received it posthumously. Jachman and Salomon were both killed attempting to assist other fallen soldiers. Zussman's medal was received for risking his life on September 12, 1944. He was killed less than a month later before receiving it.

Korea was split into the two separate countries of North and South, Korea along the 38th parallel. Tensions between the two countries worsened when other countries began to get involved on both sides. The communist country of North Korea was supported by Russia, China and others. The democratic South was supported by the United Nations and the United States. In 1950 the United States got involved and over the next three years more than 1.5 million US service members would serve in Korea. During the three years of the war 133 Medals of Honor were presented. Although more than 150, 000 Jewish American men and women were serving in Korea at that time, not one received the Medal of Honor.

On July 23, 1950 Tibor Rubin was serving as a rifleman in Korea when his unit was forced to retreat. He was ordered to stay behind and keep the road open for the withdrawing unit. During the 24-hour battle he single-handedly fought off an overwhelming number of North Korean troops. He inflicted severe casualties on the attacking unit and assisted in the capture of many prisoners. A few months later Chinese forces staged a night-time assault on his unit and Rubin manned a machine gun allowing the unit to retreat southward. He again inflicted heavy casualties on the attacking unit. During the battle he was severely wounded and was eventually captured by Chinese forces. Although the Chinese offered to release him early and return him to his native Hungary, he refused. He remained a prisoner and risked his life repeatedly by sneaking out at night to get food and medical supplies for other wounded prisoners.

A 1993 study commissioned by the United States Army investigated racial discrimination in the awarding of medals. During the investigation it was determined that one Veteran American Jew and Holocaust survivor, Tibor Rubin, had been the subject of discrimination due to his religion and should have received the Medal of Honor. In 2005, 55 years later, President George W. Bush presented the Medal of Honor to Rubin in a ceremony at the White House, for his actions in 1950 during the Korean War.

The Vietnam War was a military conflict between the Communist-supported Democratic Republic of Vietnam and the United States-supported Republic of Vietnam. It started in 1959 and concluded April 30, 1975 with the defeat and failure of the United States foreign policy in Vietnam.

During the Vietnam War, 246 Medals of Honor were received, 154 of them posthumously. Two American Jews received the Medal, Jack H. Jacobs from the Army and John Levitow from the Air Force.



Lesley Ann Warren

Lesley Ann Warren (born August 16, 1946 in New York City) is an American movie and television actor. She starred in many television programs and movies. She was in "Color of Night" (which did poor at the box office). She also appeared on the television series "Will & Grace" and "Desperate Housewives".

Ted Tanouye

Ted Takayuki Tanouye (November 14, 1919 – September 6, 1944) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.

Tanouye was born in Torrence, California. His parents were Japanese immigrant parents. He was a "Nisei", which means that he was a second generation Japanese-American.

The Tanouye family was interned at the Jerome War Relocation Center near Jerome, Arkansas. and then they were moved to the camp at Rohwer War Relocation Center near Rohwer, Arkansas.

Two months after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Tanouye joined the US Army in February 1942.

Tanouye volunteered to be part of the all-"Nisei" 442nd Regimental Combat Team. This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland.

For his actions in July 1944, Tanouye was awarded the Army's second-highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC). In the 1990s, there was a review of service records of Asian Americans who received the DSC during World War II. Tanouye's award was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. In a ceremony at the White House on June 21, 2000, he was presented with his medal by President Bill Clinton. Twenty-one other Asian Americans also received the medal during the ceremony, but only seven of them were still alive.

Tanouye's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in northern Italy in 1944. Without the help of others, he attacked a series of enemy positions.

The words of Tanouye's citation explain:
Technical Sergeant Ted T. Tanouye distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 7 July 1944, near Molino A Ventoabbto, Italy. Technical Sergeant Tanouye led his platoon in an attack to capture the crest of a strategically important hill that afforded little cover. Observing an enemy machine gun crew placing its gun in position to his left front, Technical Sergeant Tanouye crept forward a few yards and opened fire on the position, killing or wounding three and causing two others to disperse. Immediately, an enemy machine pistol opened fire on him. He returned the fire and killed or wounded three more enemy soldiers. While advancing forward, Technical Sergeant Tanouye was subjected to grenade bursts, which severely wounded his left arm. Sighting an enemy-held trench, he raked the position with fire from his submachine gun and wounded several of the enemy. Running out of ammunition, he crawled 20 yards to obtain several clips from a comrade on his left flank. Next, sighting an enemy machine pistol that had pinned down his men, Technical Sergeant Tanouye crawled forward a few yards and threw a hand grenade into the position, silencing the pistol. He then located another enemy machine gun firing down the slope of the hill, opened fire on it, and silenced that position. Drawing fire from a machine pistol nest located above him, he opened fire on it and wounded three of its occupants. Finally taking his objective, Technical Sergeant Tanouye organized a defensive position on the reverse slope of the hill before accepting first aid treatment and evacuation. Technical Sergeant Tanouye's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

Tanouye is the namesake of the Torrance National Guard Armory in California.



List of Medal of Honor recipients during peacetime

Prior to World War II the Medal of Honor could be received for actions not involving direct combat with the enemy; 193 men earned the medal in this way. Most of the peacetime medals were presented to members of the United States Navy for their actions during boiler explosions, man-overboard incidents, and other hazards of naval service.

Given in the list below are the place and date of each recipient's Medal of Honor action, as well as their rank at the time of the action. A posthumous recipient is denoted by an asterisk after the recipient's name.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).
A Medal of Honor during peacetime has not been presented since 1939.


List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Vietnam War

The Vietnam War, also known as the Second Indochina War, the Vietnam Conflict, and the American War in Vietnam, took place from 1965 to 1973. It was fought between the communist Democratic Republic of Vietnam and the anticommunist Republic of Vietnam. The est conclues by the defeat of the United States, which had backed the latter.

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the US government to a member of its armed forces. Recipients must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. The nature of the medal makes it commonly be presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).

During the Vietnam War, 248 Medals of Honor were received of which 156 were presented posthumously. Soldiers of the US Army received the most, at 161. The US Marines got 57, the US Navy had 16, and the remaining 14 went to the US Air Force. The first medal of the war was presented to Roger H. C. Donlon for rescuing and administering first aid to several wounded soldiers and for leading a group against an enemy force. The first African American recipient during the war was Milton L. Olive, III, who sacrificed himself to save others by smothering a grenade with his body. Riley L. Pitts was killed after attacking an enemy force with rifle fire and grenades and was the first African American commissioned officer of the war to receive the medal. Thomas Bennett was a conscientious objector who received the medal for his actions as a medic. Three chaplains received the medal, including Vincent R. Capodanno, who served with the Marine Corps and was known as the grunt padre.

The unknown soldier from the Vietnam War who was buried in the Tomb of the Unknowns was authorized a Medal of Honor and in 1998 was identified as 1st Lieutenant Michael Blassie. After DNA testing confirmed his identity, the remains were removed from the tomb and returned to Blassie's family, but the Medal of Honor remained as a tribute to those veterans still unknown. The Blassie family requested that the Medal of Honor be granted to him but the request was denied by the Department of Defense.


Uyghur language

Uyghur (, "Uyghurche"; formerly known as Eastern Turkish) is a Turkic language with 8 to 11 million speakers, spoken primarily by the Uyghur people in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of Western China. There are several writing systems used to write Uyghur. While Uyghurs usually use the Uyghur alphabet, an alphabet based on the Arabic alphabet, there are also two Latin and one Cyrillic alphabet that can be used to write Uyghur.

East Turkestan independence movement

The East Turkestan independence movement is a broad term that refers to advocates of an independent, self-governing East Turkestan in the region now known as Xinjiang, an autonomous region in the People's Republic of China.

Turkistan Islamic Party

The East Turkestan Islamic Movement (ETIM, also known as the Turkistan Islamic Party, Turkistan Islamic Movement, and other names); is a Waziri based mujahideen organization. Its stated goals are the independence of East Turkestan. ETIM has reportedly committed over 200 acts of terrorism between 1990 and 2001, resulting in at least 162 deaths and over 440 injuries.

Eastern bluebird

The eastern bluebird ("Sialia sialis") is a species of Turdidae. Its name comes from the colour of its feathers, which is a vibrant blue.

There is a marked contrast between his blue back and its subdued orange-brown belly. The female's colours are less intense. The head's colour is a kind of blue-gray and there is a more vibrant blue on the tail and the wings. The belly is a mix of orange-brown and white. The male is completely blue. It is only his breast and his throat which are orange and blue, his belly and undertail are white.

The eastern bluebird lives in many regions of North America. It has been seen more frequently in the American Midwest and in southern Canada. It does not have a definive habitat. It lives in light woods, gardens, agricultural areas and orchards. This species prefers to use a hole already made as a nest. In fact, those birds often live in deserted woodpecker holes. To make it more comfortable they add to the hole little twigs or brushwood. They cut and bring it back to the hole they want to live in and it covers the bottom of the wood cavity.

This bird eats insects. In summer and spring time, perching on a low branch or on a nest boxes, it searches for prey. When it finds one it simply attacks it. During colder seasons, bugs are less present. Thus, it can also eat little fruits like field or forest berries.

Females have between four and five eggs at a time. Before hatching, there is about fourteen days of incubation. The eastern bluebird has been decreasing in population over time. Despite the fact that many eggs are laid, the birth's success rate is low. One thing that can be the source of that phenomenon might be the introduction of the common starling from Europe. That kind of bird is a strong competitor fighting against eastern bluebirds for natural cavities. If they are fighting every day females would not be able to lay their eggs because they need a calm location to do it. However, the situation could be worse without nest boxes to help eastern bluebirds find a safe location.


List of African-American Medal of Honor recipients

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration from the United States government to a member of its armed forces. Recipients must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Because of these rules, it is often given posthumously (after the recipient has been killed).

Of the 3,470 Medals of Honor given , 92 have been given to 90 different African-American recipients. Robert Augustus Sweeney is one of nineteen men, and the only African American, to have been awarded two Medals of Honor.

A 1993 study by the Army investigated racial discrimination in the awarding of medals. At the time, no Medals of Honor had been presented to black soldiers who served in World War II. After an exhaustive review of files, the study recommended that several black Distinguished Service Cross recipients be upgraded to the Medal of Honor. On January 13, 1997, President Bill Clinton awarded the Medal to seven African American World War II veterans; of these, only Vernon Baker was still alive.

Twenty-five African Americans earned the Medal of Honor during the American Civil War. Included were seven sailors of the Union Navy, fifteen soldiers of the United States Colored Troops, and three soldiers of other Army units. Fourteen African American men earned the Medal for actions in the Battle of Chaffin's Farm, where a division of U.S. Colored Troops saw heavy action. Another four men, all sailors, earned their Medals at the Battle of Mobile Bay. William Harvey Carney was the first African American to perform an action for which a Medal of Honor was awarded, but Robert Blake was the first to actually receive the Medal (Blake's was issued in 1864, Carney did not receive his until 1900). It was common for Civil War Medals of Honor to be awarded decades after the conflict ended; in one case, Andrew Jackson Smith's Medal was not awarded until 2001, 137 years after the action in which he earned it. Smith's wait, caused by a missing battle report, is the longest delay of the award for any recipient, African American or otherwise.This was very good because of the fact that the African Americans received honor. 

Eighteen African Americans earned the Medal of Honor during the Indian Wars of the western United States. Fourteen were "Buffalo Soldiers", members of the Army's first peacetime black regiments. The four Buffalo Soldier regiments, the 9th Cavalry, 10th Cavalry, 24th Infantry, and 25th Infantry, fought in campaigns throughout the west. The remaining four Medal of Honor recipients were U.S. Army Indian Scouts recruited from among the Black Seminoles, a group of Seminole Indians of African descent.

Six African Americans earned the Medal of Honor during the Spanish-American War: five Buffalo Soldiers of the 10th Cavalry Regiment and one United States Navy sailor. Four of the five Buffalo Soldiers received the Medal for rescuing a trapped landing party during the Battle of Tayacoba.

Freddie Stowers was the only African American to receive the Medal of Honor for actions in World War I. Stowers had led an assault on German trenches, continuing to lead and encourage his men even after being twice wounded. Stowers died of his wounds, and was shortly afterwards recommended for the Medal of Honor; however, this recommendation was never processed. In 1990, the Department of the Army conducted a review and the Stowers recommendation was uncovered. An investigation was launched, and based on results of the investigation the award of the Medal of Honor was approved. Stowers' Medal of Honor was presented on April 24, 1991—seventy-three years after he was killed-in-action.

No African American was awarded a Medal of Honor either during World War II or immediately afterwards with respect to their actions during that conflict. This changed in 1992 when a study conducted by Shaw University and commissioned by the U.S. Dept. of Defense and the United States Army asserted that systematic racial discrimination had been present in the criteria for awarding medals during the war. After an exhaustive review of files the study recommended that several of the Distinguished Service Crosses awarded to African Americans be upgraded to the Medal of Honor. On January 13, 1997, more than fifty years after the end of the war, President Bill Clinton awarded the Medal to seven African American World War II veterans. Vernon Baker was the only living recipient—the other six men had been killed in action or died in the intervening years.

Two African Americans received the Medal of Honor for action in the Korean War, both were soldiers of the 24th Infantry Regiment. Despite a 1948 Executive Order commanding the integration of the military, segregated units persisted until 1954; the 24th Infantry was one of the last remaining all-black regiments, and these two men were the last African Americans to receive the Medal of Honor for actions while serving in a segregated unit.

Twenty African Americans were awarded the Medal of Honor for actions in the Vietnam War, including James Anderson, Jr., the first African American Marine to receive the Medal.

Before World War II, the Medal of Honor could be awarded for actions not involving direct combat with the enemy; eight African Americans earned the Medal in this way, all of them sailors. Robert Augustus Sweeney received two peacetime Medals of Honor, one of only nineteen men, and the only African American, to be awarded the medal twice. Most of the non-combat medals, including both of Sweeney's, were awarded for rescuing or attempting to rescue someone from drowning.



List of Medal of Honor recipients

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War. It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).

The President of the United States, in the name of the United States Congress, has awarded 3,471 Medals of Honor to the nation's soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and coast guardsmen since the decoration's creation in 1861. The citations highlighting these acts resided in archives, some for more than 100 years and were only sporadically printed. In 1973, the U.S. Senate ordered the citations compiled and printed as Committee on Veterans' Affairs, U.S. Senate, Medal of Honor recipients: 1863–1973 (Washington, D.C.: Government Printing Office, 1973). This book was later updated and reprinted in 1979.

The first Army Medal of Honor was awarded to Private Jacob Parrott during the American Civil War for his role in the Great Locomotive Chase. The first African American recipient for this award was William Harvey Carney who, despite being shot in the face, shoulders, arms, and legs, refused to let the American flag touch the ground. The only female Medal of Honor recipient is Mary Edwards Walker, a Civil War surgeon. Her medal was rescinded in 1917 along with many other non-combat awards, but it was restored by President Jimmy Carter in 1977.

While current law, (United States Code Title 10), beginning in 1918, explicitly state that recipients must be serving in the U.S. Armed Forces at the time of performing a valorous act that warrants the award, exceptions have been made. For example, Charles Lindbergh, while a reserve member of the U.S. Army Air Corps, received his Medal of Honor as a civilian pilot. In addition, the Medal of Honor was presented to the British Unknown Warrior by General Pershing on October 17, 1921; later the U.S. Unknown Soldier was reciprocally awarded the Victoria Cross, Britain's highest award for gallantry, on November 11, 1921. Although being a U.S. citizen is not a prerequisite for eligibility to receive the medal, apart from a few exceptions, Medals of Honor can only be awarded to members of the U.S. armed forces. Sixty-one Canadians who were serving in the United States armed forces have received the Medal of Honor; most received it for actions in the American Civil War. Since 1900, only four have been awarded to Canadians. In the Vietnam War, Peter C. Lemon was the only Canadian recipient of the Medal of Honor.

The American Civil War (1861–1865) was an undeclared war between the United States (the Union) and the Southern states of the newly formed Confederate States of America under Jefferson Davis. The Medal of Honor was established during this conflict; 1522 were awarded (32 posthumously) for acts of bravery and gallantry in combat. Almost half of all of the awarded Medals of Honor were presented for actions in the Civil War.

The term Indian Wars is the name generally used in the United States to describe a series of conflicts between colonial or federal governments and the American Indian population resident in North America before the arrival of white settlers. During this conflict the Medal of Honor was presented to 426 soldiers, 13 posthumously for acts of bravery and gallantry in combat.

The United States expedition to Korea in 1871, also known as "Sinmiyangyo" ("Western Disturbance of the Year Sinmi year"), was the first American military action in Korea. It took place predominantly on and around the Korean island of Ganghwa. The reason for the presence of the American military expeditionary force in Korea was to support an American diplomatic delegation sent to establish trade and diplomatic relations with Korea and to ascertain the fate of the "General Sherman" merchant ship. The isolationist nature of the Joseon Dynasty government and the assertiveness of the Americans led to an armed conflict between the two parties. Eventually, the United States failed to secure its objectives.

The Spanish-American War (Spanish: "Guerra Hispano-Estadounidense", "desastre del 98", "Guerra Hispano-Cubana-Norteamericana" or "Guerra de Cuba ") was a military conflict between Spain and the United States that began in April 1898. Hostilities halted in August of that year, and the Treaty of Paris was signed in December. The war began after the American demand for Spain's peacefully resolving the Cuban fight for independence was rejected, though strong expansionist sentiment in the United States may have motivated the government to target Spain's remaining overseas territories: Cuba, Puerto Rico, the Philippines, Guam and the Caroline Islands.

Riots in Havana by pro-Spanish "Voluntarios" gave the United States reason to send in the warship . This action by the U.S. indicated high national interest. Tension among the American people was raised because of the explosion of the USS "Maine", and "yellow journalism" that accused Spain of extensive atrocities, agitating American public opinion. The war ended after decisive naval victories for the United States in the Philippines and Cuba. The Treaty of Paris ended the conflict 109 days after the outbreak of war giving the United States ownership of the former Spanish colonies of Puerto Rico, the Philippines and Guam.

The Samoan Civil War is a Western definition of political activity in the Samoa Islands of the South Pacific in the late 19th century. By this non-Samoan definition, the Samoan Civil Wars were a series of wars between Germany, the United Kingdom, and the United States, ending in the partitioning of the island chain in 1899. The concluding event was the Second Samoan Civil War. The first Samoan Civil War lasted for eight years. The warring Samoan parties were supplied arms, training and sometimes even combat troops by Germany, Britain and the United States. These three powers valued Samoa as a refueling station for coal fired shipping. In addition, these countries sought to gain more power in Europe and wanted Samoa due to the scarcity of unclaimed territory from 1870 onwards.

The Philippine-American War was an armed military conflict between the United States and the First Philippine Republic, fought between 1899 to at least 1902, which arose from a Filipino political struggle against U.S. occupation of the Philippines. While the conflict was officially declared over on July 4, 1902, American troops continued hostilities against remnants of the Philippine Army and other resistance groups until 1913, and some historians consider these unofficial extensions part of the war.

Eighty-six men were awarded the Medal of Honor for their actions in the Philippine–American War: 70 from the Army, 10 from the Navy, and 6 from the Marine Corps. Four of the awards were posthumous. Among the recipients were Webb Hayes, the son of former U.S. President Rutherford B. Hayes, and two prominent Marine Corps officers, Hiram I. Bearss and David Dixon Porter. Bearss became known for leading long-range reconnaissance patrols behind enemy lines and was later wounded as a colonel in World War I. Porter was from a distinguished military family and rose to become a major general. José B. Nísperos, a member of the Philippine Scouts who was honored for continuing to fight after being wounded, was the first Asian recipient of the Medal of Honor.

The Boxer Movement or Boxer Rebellion, which occurred in China from November 1899 to September 7, 1901, was an uprising by members of the Chinese Society of Right and Harmonious Fists against foreign influence in areas such as trade, politics, religion and technology that occurred in China during the final years of the Manchu rule (Qing Dynasty). The members of the Society of Right and Harmonious Fists were simply called "boxers" by the Westerners due to the martial arts and calisthenics they practiced. The uprising began as an anti-foreign, anti-imperialist peasant-based movement in northern China. They attacked foreigners who were building railroads and violating Feng shui, as well as Christians, who were held responsible for the foreign domination of China. In June 1900, the Boxers invaded Beijing and killed 230 non-Chinese. Tens of thousands of Chinese Christians, Catholic and Protestant alike, were killed mostly in Shandong and Shanxi Provinces as part of the uprising. The government of Empress Dowager Cixi was not helpful, and diplomats, foreign civilians, soldiers and some Chinese Christians retreated to the legation quarter where they held out for fifty-five days until a multinational coalition rushed 20,000 troops to their rescue. The Chinese government was forced to indemnify the victims and make many additional concessions. Subsequent reforms implemented after the crisis of 1900 laid the foundation for the end of the Qing Dynasty and the establishment of the modern Chinese Republic.

During the Boxer rebellion, 59 American servicemen received the Medal of Honor for their actions. Four of these were for Army personnel, twenty-two went to navy sailors and the remaining thirty-three went to marines. Harry Fisher was the first Marine to receive the medal posthumously and the only posthumous recipient for this conflict.

The United States occupation of the Mexican port of Veracruz lasted for six months in response to the Tampico Affair of April 9, 1914. The incident came in the midst of poor diplomatic relations between Mexico and the United States, related to the ongoing Mexican Revolution.

Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels ordered that 56 Medals of Honor be awarded to participants in the occupation of Veracruz, the most for any single action before or since. In total 63 Medals of Honor were received for actions during the occupation; 1 Army, 9 to members of the United States Marine Corps and 53 to Navy personnel.

The first United States occupation of Haiti began on July 28, 1915 and ended in mid-August 1934.
The United States occupied the Dominican Republic from 1916 to 1924. In May 1917, Rear Admiral William Caperton forced Arias to leave Santo Domingo by threatening the city with naval bombardment. U.S. Marines invaded and took control of the country within two months; in November that same year, the U.S. imposed a military government. The Marines restored order throughout most of the republic (with the exception of the eastern region); the country's budget was balanced, its debt was diminished, and economic growth resumed; infrastructure projects produced new roads that linked all the country's regions for the first time in its history; a professional military organization, the Dominican Constabulary Guard, replaced the partisan forces that had waged a seemingly endless struggle for power.

World War I, also known as the First World War and the Great War, was a global military conflict which took place primarily in Europe from 1914–1918. Over 40 million casualties resulted, including approximately 20 million military and civilian deaths. Over 60 million European soldiers were mobilized from 1914–1918. The immediate cause of the war was the June 28, 1914 assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, by Gavrilo Princip, a Bosnian Serb citizen of Austria-Hungary and member of the Black Hand. The retaliation by Austria-Hungary against Serbia activated a series of alliances that set off a chain reaction of war declarations. Within a month, much of Europe was in a state of open warfare.

During this War, 119 men received the Medal for their actions, 33 of them posthumously.

The United States occupied Nicaragua from 1909 to 1933 and intervened in the country several times before that. The American interventions in Nicaragua were designed to prevent the construction of a trans-isthmian canal by any nation but the USA. Nicaragua assumed a quasi-protectorate status under the 1916 Chamorro-Bryan Treaty. The occupation ended as Augusto César Sandino, a Nicaraguan revolutionary, led guerrilla armies against US troops. Furthermore, the onset of the Great Depression made it costly for the USA to maintain occupation.

World War II, or the Second World War, was a global military conflict. The conflicts joined from two separate conflicts. The first began in Asia in 1937 as the Second Sino-Japanese War; the other began in Europe in 1939 with the German and Russian invasion of Poland. This global conflict split the majority of the world's nations into two opposing military alliances: the Allies and the Axis powers. It involved the mobilization of over 100 million military personnel, making it the most widespread war in history, and placed the participants in a state of "total war", erasing the distinction between civil and military resources. This resulted in the complete activation of a nation's economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities for the purposes of the war effort. Over 60 million people, the majority of them civilians, were killed, making it the deadliest conflict in human history. The worldwide financial cost of the war is estimated at a trillion 1944 U.S. dollars, making it the most costly war both in capital expenditures as well as loss of lives.

During this conflict, 464 United States military personnel received the Medal of Honor, 266 of them posthumously. A total of 42 Medals of Honor, representing 9% of all awarded during World War II, were presented for action in just two events;– 15 for actions during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in peacetime, and 27 for actions during the Battle of Iwo Jima. A total of 21 (4.5% of all World War II Medals of Honor) were awarded to members of the all-Japanese American 100th Infantry Battalion of the 442nd Regimental Combat Team, for actions in numerous battles across six different campaigns. Additionally, the only Medal of Honor ever presented to a member of the United States Coast Guard was received for actions during this war.

The Korean War was ignited by the 1950 invasion of South Korea when the North Korean Army moved south on June 25, 1950 to attempt to reunite the Korean peninsula, which had been formally divided since 1948. The conflict was then expanded by the United States, China's and the Soviet Union's involvement. The main hostilities were during the period from June 25, 1950, until the Korean Armistice Agreement was signed on July 27, 1953.

In South Korea, the war is often called "6•25", or the 6•25 War (Korean: 6•25 전쟁), from the date of the start of the conflict or, more formally, "Hanguk Jeonjaeng" literally “Korean War”. In North Korea, while commonly known as the Korean War, it is formally called the Fatherland Liberation War. In the early days of the war, United States President Harry Truman called the United Nations response a "police action". The war is sometimes called "The Forgotten War" because it is a major conflict of the 20th century that gets less attention than World War II, which preceded it, and the controversial Vietnam War, which succeeded it. In China, the conflict was known as the War to Resist America and Aid Korea, but is today commonly called the "Korean War".

During this war, 135 Medals of Honor were presented for bravery in action, 97 of them posthumously.

The Vietnam War, also known as the Second Indochina War, and in Vietnam as the American War, occurred from 1959 to April 30, 1975. The term "Vietnam Conflict" is often used to refer to events which took place between 1959 and April 30, 1975. The war was fought between the Communist-supported Democratic Republic of Vietnam (North Vietnam) and the United States supported Republic of Vietnam (South Vietnam).
During the Vietnam War, 246 Medals of Honor were received, 154 of them posthumously. Soldiers of the Army received the most with 160, followed by 57 to the Marines, 16 to the Navy and the remaining 13 to the Air Force. The first medal of the war was presented to Roger Donlon for rescuing and administering first aid to several wounded soldiers and leading a group against an enemy force. The first African American recipient of the war was Milton L. Olive, III who sacrificed himself to save others by smothering a grenade with his body. Riley L. Pitts was killed after attacking an enemy force with rifle fire and grenades and was the first African American commissioned officer of the war to receive the medal. Thomas Bennett was a conscientious objector who received the medal for his actions as a medic; three chaplains received the medal, including Vincent R. Capodanno, who served with the Marine Corps and was known as the Grunt Padre.

The USS "Liberty" incident was an attack on a neutral United States Navy technical research ship, USS "Liberty", by Israeli jet fighter planes and motor torpedo boats on June 8, 1967, during the Six-Day War. The combined air and sea attack killed 34 and wounded more than 170 crew members, and damaged the ship severely.

The Battle of Mogadishu (also referred to as the "Battle of the Black Sea") or for Somalis "Ma-alinti Rangers" (“The Day of the Rangers”) was a battle that was part of Operation Gothic Serpent that was fought on October 3 and 4, 1993, in Mogadishu, Somalia, by forces of the United States supported by UNOSOM II against Somali militia fighters loyal to warlord Mohamed Farrah Aidid. The battle is also referred to as the First Battle of Mogadishu to distinguish it from the Second Battle of Mogadishu in 2006. The Medals were awarded to two DELTA operatives who volunteered to attempt to save the pilot of one of the downed UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters, despite facing hundreds, possibly thousands of rebels.

The War in Afghanistan, which began on October 7, 2001, was launched by the United States, the United Kingdom, and NATO allies in response to the September 11, 2001 attacks. It was the beginning of the War on Terrorism. The stated purpose of the invasion was to capture Osama bin Laden, destroy al-Qaeda, and remove the Taliban regime which had provided support and safe harbor to al-Qaeda. Since 2001, six American service-members have received the Medal of Honor for actions in Afghanistan, three of them posthumously. Army Sergeant First Class Jared C. Monti received his medal for attempting to rescue a wounded soldier at the cost of his own life. Navy Lieutenant Michael P. Murphy received his for actions against insurgent forces and for sacrificing his life to call for help when his team had been overwhelmed by a much larger enemy force. Army Staff Sergeant Robert James Miller's surviving family was presented with his medal on October 6, 2010. The fourth recipient, Salvatore Giunta received his for his actions in 2007 when he risked his life to save a wounded comrade. He is the first living recipient since the Vietnam War. A second living recipient, Sergeant First Class Leroy Petry, received the medal from President Obama during a July 12, 2011, ceremony. Marine Corps Corporal Dakota Meyer became the third living recipient awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Battle of Ganjgal.

The Iraq War, also known as the Second Gulf War, Operation Iraqi Freedom ("US"), Operation TELIC ("UK") or the occupation of Iraq, was a conflict which began on March 20, 2003 with the United States-led invasion of Iraq by a multinational coalition composed of U.S. and U.K. troops supported by smaller contingents from Australia, Poland, and other nations. Four service members have received the Medal of Honor for actions in Iraq; two from the Army, one from the Marine Corps and one from the Navy. Paul R. Smith was the first to receive it for his actions on April 4, 2003 when he held enemy forces back, allowing other wounded soldiers to be evacuated to safety. The other three, Corporal Jason Dunham of the Marine Corps, Specialist Ross A. McGinnis of the Army and Master-at-Arms Second Class Michael A. Monsoor of the Navy received it after being killed while using their own bodies to smother grenades to protect their comrades.

The Medal of Honor could also be received for actions that happened in peacetime, such as conflicts in which the United States is neutral as well as non-combat related incidents outside the warzone. 209 military personnel earned the medal in this way. 15 United States Navy sailors and a United States Marine were awarded for actions against "opposing foreign force(s)" (a different term than "enemy" which applies between two or more parties engaged in war) during the attacks on Pearl Harbor and Midway by the Japanese respectively on December 7, 1941. Most of these medals were presented to members of the United States Navy for rescuing or attempting to rescue someone from drowning. One of those awarded the Medal of Honor for rescuing others was Fireman Second Class Trinidad, who as of 2010 has been the only Asian American Sailor to be awarded the Medal of Honor. In addition to the medals that were presented for lifesaving acts, one Medal of Honor was presented to William Halford who sailed in a small boat for 31 days to get help for the other members of the USS "Saginaw" who had been stranded on an island. Three explorers were also presented with the medal by special acts of Congress. Charles Lindbergh received the medal for flying the first solo non-stop flight across the Atlantic Ocean as well as Floyd Bennett and Richard Evelyn Byrd who received it for their participation in what was thought to be the first successful heavier-than-air flight to the North Pole and back. One recipient, Adolphus W. Greely received his for a lifetime of military service.

While current law, ("e.g.", United States Code Title 10 (relating to service members in the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps), beginning in 1918, explicitly states that recipients must be serving in the U.S. Armed Forces at the time of performing a valorous act that warrants the award, exceptions have been made. Apart from these rare exceptions, Medals of Honor can only be awarded to members of the U.S. Armed Forces, although being a U.S. citizen is not a prerequisite. Sixty-one Canadians who were serving in the United States Armed Forces have been awarded the Medal of Honor, with a majority awarded for actions in the American Civil War. Since 1900, only four have been awarded to Canadians. In the Vietnam War, Peter C. Lemon was the only Canadian recipient of the Medal of Honor.

The Medal of Honor has also been presented to several unknown soldiers: the British Unknown Warrior in the United Kingdom by General Pershing on October 17, 1921; later the U.S. Unknown Soldier was reciprocally awarded the Victoria Cross, Britain's highest award for gallantry, on November 11, 1921. The Medal of Honor was also presented to the Romanian Unknown Soldier, the Unknown Soldier of France, entombed under the Arc de Triomphe, the Unknown Soldier of Belgium and the Unknown Soldier of Italy, entombed in the Monument of Vittorio Emanuele II.


Mariette Hartley

Mariette Hartley (born June 21 1940 in Weston, Connecticut) is an American movie and television actress. She acted in the television drama "Channing". She also acted in many other TV programs and movies. Hartley won an Emmy Award.

José B. Nísperos

José B. Nísperos (December 30, 1887–September 1, 1922) was a member of the Philippine Scouts. He received the Medal of Honor during the Philippine-American War. He was the first Asian to receive the medal. On September 24, 1911, at Lapurap, Basilan, Philippines, Nísperos, a member of the U.S. Army's 34th Company of the Philippine Scouts, defended his unit's position against natives armed with spears despite being severely wounded. Nísperos became the first Filipino and Asian to receive the medal of honor; the medal was presented by Brigadier General Bell in February 1913.

Citation:
Having been badly wounded (his left arm was broken and lacerated and he had received several spear wounds in the body so that he could not stand) continued to fire his rifle with one hand until the enemy was repulsed, thereby aiding materially in preventing the annihilation of his party and the mutilation of their bodies.



Telesforo Trinidad

Telesforo de la Crux Trinidad (November 25, 1890-May 8, 1968) was a Filipino fireman 2nd class in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for actions, in Mexican waters near La Paz, on board the USS San Diego in peacetime. He was the second service member, and first and so far the only sailor of Asian descent to receive the award.

Citation:
For extraordinary heroism in the line of his profession at the time of the boiler explosion on board the U.S.S. San Diego, 21 January 1915. Trinidad was driven out of fireroom No. 2 by the explosion, but at once returned and picked up R.E. Daly, fireman, second class, whom he saw to be injured, and proceeded to bring him out. While coming into No. 4 fireroom, Trinidad was just in time to catch the explosion in No. 3 fireroom, but without consideration for his own safety, passed Daly on and then assisted in rescuing another injured man from No. 3 fireroom. Trinidad was himself burned about the face by the blast from the explosion in No. 3 fireroom.


Terry Teruo Kawamura

Terry Teruo Kawamura (December 10, 1949 – March 20, 1969) was a United States Army soldier. He was also a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor. He received it for his actions in the Vietnam War.

Kawamura was born at Wahaiwa, Hawaii on the island of Oahu. His grandparents were Japanese immigrant parents. Kawamura was a "Sansei", which means that he was a third generation Japanese-American.

Kawamura joined the Army from Oahu in 1968. By March 20, 1969, was serving as a Corporal in the 173rd Engineer Company, 173rd Airborne Brigade. On that day, at Camp Radcliff, Republic of Vietnam, Kawamura smothered an enemy-thrown explosive with his body, sacrificing his life to protect those around him.

Kawamura was 19 when he died. He was buried in Mililani Memorial Park in Mililani Town, Hawaii.

Kawamura's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in Vietnam in 1969. He smothered the blast of an explosive charge with his body.

The words of Kawamura's citation explain:

For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. Cpl. Kawamura distinguished himself by heroic action while serving as a member of the 173d Engineer Company. An enemy demolition team infiltrated the unit quarters area and opened fire with automatic weapons. Disregarding the intense fire, Cpl. Kawamura ran for his weapon. At that moment, a violent explosion tore a hole in the roof and stunned the occupants of the room. Cpl. Kawamura jumped to his feet, secured his weapon and, as he ran toward the door to return the enemy fire, he observed that another explosive charge had been thrown through the hole in the roof to the floor. He immediately realized that 2 stunned fellow soldiers were in great peril and shouted a warning. Although in a position to escape, Cpl. Kawamura unhesitatingly wheeled around and threw himself on the charge. In completely disregarding his safety, Cpl. Kawamura prevented serious injury or death to several members of his unit. The extraordinary courage and selflessness displayed by Cpl. Kawamura are in the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit, and the U.S. Army.

Tanouye is the namesake of the Kawamura Gate which connects Wheeler Army Airfield with the city of Mililani. This east gate is named in honor of Kawamura.


Darkhan (city)

Darkhan (Mongolian: Дархан) is a city in Mongolia. It is in a province with the same name. It is the third largest city in the country. In 2010, the population was 74,738.

Darkhan means blacksmith in Mongolian.

The city's economy is mostly industrial. Education is also an important sector of the city's economy.

Darkhan is a new city. It was begun on October 17, 1961. 

Darkhan has a borderline humid continental climate (Dwb), close to the more typical subarctic climate (Dwc) of northern Mongolia, which is found in higher areas near the city, and only marginally wet enough to avoid qualifying as a semi-arid climate (BSk). This area has extremely cold and dry winters; however the summers are warmer and more humid.

There are ten colleges in Darkhan. Many students come to Darkhan to study. There are also the Institute of Management and Development, the Regional Business Development Center and the Plant Science and Agricultural Training Research Institute.

The city has a monument to the horse-head fiddle (morinkhuur), the national instrument of Mongolia.

There is a Buddhist monastery Kharagiin monastery in a pretty log cabin in the older part of the town.

The Museum of Darkhan-Uul is the Traditional Museum of Folk Art. It has a collection of archaeological findings, traditional clothing, religious artifacts, and taxidermy.

Jamie Hyneman

James Franklin "Jamie" Hyneman (born September 25, 1956) is an American special effects expert, scientist, and television personality. He has been the co-host of "MythBusters" since 2003.

Hyneman was born on September 25, 1956 in Marshall, Michigan. He was raised in Columbus, Indiana. He studied at Indiana University. Hyneman has been married to Eileen Walsh since 1989. He is an atheist.


Adam Savage

Adam Whitney Savage (born July 15, 1967) is an American special effects, scientist, artist, television personality, and educator. He has been the co-host of "MythBusters" since 2003.

Savage was born on July 15, 1967 in New York City, New York. He studied at Tisch School of the Arts. He has been married to Julia Savage since 2002. He has two children. Savage is an atheist.


Kendra Wilkinson

Kendra Leigh Wilkinson (formerly Baskett; born June 12, 1985) is an American television personality and model. She is known for being one of Hugh Hefner's girlfriends and for her role on the E! reality television series "The Girls Next Door". She was not a Playboy Playmate but she has been in "Playboy"with her "Girls Next Door" co-stars Holly Madison and Bridget Marquardt. Her first reality series, "Kendra", debuted in June 2009. It ended in November 2011. It was followed by "Kendra on Top" which ran on WE tv until 2017.

Dutch defence

The Dutch defence is one of the oldest chess openings. It aims to counter-attack White's kingside in the middlegame. White can respond in various ways:

2.g3. This fianchetto of the bishop signals White's attempt to control the central squares. It is the main line for tournament players. White continues with moves like Bg2, Nf3, 0-0, c4, Nc3.

2.Bg5. This makes 2...Nf6 doubtful, since 3.Bxf6 doubles Black's pawns and makes Black's game more difficult. Black usually plays 2...g6 to fianchetto his bishop before he plays Nf6. 2...g6 marks the Leningrad variation of the Dutch defence. White's bishop cannot trapped: 2...h6 3.Bh4 g5 4.Bg3 f4? 5.e3! Mate is threatened (6.Qh5#), so the pawn on f4 is won.

2.e4. This is Staunton's Gambit. After 2...fxe4 3.Nc3 Nf6 4.Bg5 d5 5.f3, White may or may not have enough for the pawn loss.


Carloman I

Carloman I (ca.750/751 - 771) was a Carolingian Frankish ruler, King of Burgundy and Neustria (768-771). His father was Pepin III. In 768, he inherited the south part of his father's kingdom. He died 3 years later.

Carloman I of Austrasia

Carloman I of Austrasia(706/710 - 17 August 754) was a Carolingian Frankish ruler. He was the son of Charles Martel and brother of Pepin III.


St Mirren Park

St Mirren Park, also known as "Greenhill Road", is a football stadium in Paisley, Scotland and is the home of St. Mirren FC. The capacity of the stadium is 8,023 all seated.

St. Mirren FC previously played at Love Street, which was also known as St. Mirren Park. Love Street was sold to the supermarket Tesco. The money from the sale was used to build the new ground.

The new St. Mirren Park was officially opened on 31 January 2009 by club chairman Stewart Gilmour and First Minister Alex Salmond, prior to the first match at the new ground. The game between St Mirren and Kilmarnock finished in a 1–1 draw, with the first goal at the new stadium being scored by Kilmarnock striker Kevin Kyle. Dennis Wyness scored St. Mirren's first goal at the new ground, in the same match. The opening match set the record attendance of 7,542, a record which still stands.

St. Mirren Park has become the regular home of the Scotland national under-21 football team.

The Stadium has four stands with a total capacity of 8,023. The North Stand is used by away fans but for larger away supports part of the West Stand can also be given to away fans.


St Catharine's College, Cambridge

St Catharine's College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It is often called just Catz by the students. It was created in 1473 by Robert Wodelarke, who was the Provost (head) of King's College. At the beginning, the rules were that people could only study theology or philosophy but this changed with time. It now has about 600 students.

St Catharine's College takes its name from Catherine of Alexandria. She is the patron for learning in Christianity. The mother of King Henry VI was also called Catherine, so it is possible that the name comes from there. 

At the beginning, there was not much money for the college. There were also few students and Fellows (teachers). Over time though numbers went up. They had to make new buildings to let more students join the college. The modern first court, which only has three sides, was built between 1675 and 1757. In 1880, people started to think about joining St Catherine's College back with King's College, since they are right next to each other. However, this did not happen because the Master did not agree in the end.

Some important people have studied here, like Ian McKellen, an actor.


Golden Hockey Stick

The Golden Hockey Stick () is an award given to the top Czech ice hockey player. It was first awarded to the top player in the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League, beginning in the 1968–69 season. After the Czech Republic and Slovakia became separate countries in 1993, it was awarded to the top Czech player.

Jaromír Jágr has won this award more than any other player: ten times. Dominik Hašek has won it five times.



Hugh de Lotharingia

Hugh de Lotharingia also called Hugh of Lotharingia (ca. 850/855 - 895) was a person in the Frankish royal family during the Carolingian dynasty. A dynasty is a group of kings or queens who are related to each other by blood and rule the same place one after he other. He was the son of Lothar II by a woman who was not his wife. Hugh's mother was Lothar's concubine Waldrada, meaning people knew she was the king's girlfriend. Hugh was the grandson of Lothar I. His title was Count of Lotharingia and Duke of Alsace.

When Hugh was young, his father was given then job of Count of Lotharingia also. In 865, he was named Duke of Alsace.

In 885, Hugh's uncle, Emperor Charles the Fat, accused him of plotting against him and had him blinded and thrown in a monastery.

Jenny Clack

Jennifer Alice Clack FRS ("née" Agnew; 3 November 1947 – 26 March 2020) was an English palaeontologist. She was curator at the Cambridge University Museum of Zoology, and Professor of Vertebrate Palaeontology at Cambridge University. Her career was devoted to studying the early evolution of tetrapods.

Lobe-finned fish in the Devonian evolved into tetrapods in a series of transitional fossils. Clack adopted the term "fishapod" to describe these animals. They then colonized the freshwater swamps of the Carboniferous period.

Clack attended Bolton School, one of the oldest schools in Lancashire. She received a BSc in Zoology from the University of Newcastle upon Tyne in 1970. and a PhD in 1984. She also held a Graduate Certificate in Museum Studies from the University of Leicester and an M.A. and D.Sc. from the University of Cambridge.

In 2006, Clack was awarded a personal chair by the University of Cambridge, taking the title Professor of Vertebrate Palaeontology. In 2008 she was awarded the Daniel Giraud Elliot Medal from the U.S. National Academy of Sciences. She was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2009.

The fairly complete fossil of "Acanthostega" she discovered in Greenland in 1987 is a transitional, water-bound primitive tetrapod.

In April 2012 she was featured in an episode of the BBC television series "Beautiful Minds", a set of documentaries about scientists who have made important discoveries.

Clack died on 26 March 2020 at the age of 72.



Dina Manfredini

Dina Manfredini (née Guerri, 4 April 1897 – 17 December 2012) was an Italian-born American supercentenarian who was the oldest living person in the world for a short time. She was also, at the time of her death, the oldest validated emigrant ever, surpassing Christian Mortensen on 13 December 2012. However, she was later surpassed by Tekla Juniewicz on 23 February 2022.

At the time of her death, she was the 2nd oldest person ever born in Europe behind Jeanne Calment as well as the 9th verified oldest person ever. She remained as the oldest validated Italian-born person ever until her age was surpassed by Emma Morano on 14 August 2015.

Manfredini was born in Pievepelago, Modena, Emilia-Romagna. She moved to Des Moines, Iowa in 1920 with her husband Riccardo Manfredini, whom she raised four children with, of whom three were living at the time of her death. She worked in an ammunition factory during World War II and cleaned houses until she was 90. Her husband died at the age of 79 in 1965, when she was 67. After her husband's death she lived alone until moving into a nursing home at the age of 110. Besides four children, she even had seven grandchildren, seven great-grandchildren and twelve great-great-grandchildren.


Manfredini, who became the world's oldest living person after Besse Cooper's death on 4 December 2012, died of natural infection at 9:30am on 17 December 2012, just 13 days later and a week before her successor as the oldest living woman Japanesewoman Koto Okubo's 115th birthday, at age 115 years, 257 days, and was succeeded as the oldest living person by Japaneseman Jiroemon Kimura, who was just 15 days younger, and as the oldest living person in the United States by Gertrude Weaver, who was 15 months younger.


Gabriel Abraham Rojas

Gabriel Abraham Rojas or Gabriel Rojas (born 1985 in Mérida, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan athlete. 

In 2007, he was 68th in Triathlon World Championship. In 2009, he got the bronze medal in the 16th Bolivarian Games in the sprint and team categories. Those games were played in Tarija region, in the south of Bolivia. In 2011 he was Aquatlon Venezuela Champion.

He currently holds the record in the Hebraic Triathlon (2004) with a time of 1:53:04.

2034

2034 (MMXXXIV) will be .





2033

2033 (MMXXXIII) will be .







2028

2028 (MMXXVIII) will be .








Rodney Yano

Rodney Jamus Takahashi Yano (December 13, 1943 – January 1, 1969) was a United States Army soldier. He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in the Vietnam War.

Yano was born in Hawaii. His grandparents were Japanese immigrant parents. Yano was a "Sansei", which means that he was a third generation Japanese-American.

Yano joined the Army from Honolulu, Hawaii in 1963, When he died in January 1969, he was as a Sergeant First Class in the Air Cavalry Troop, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment.

He was age 25 at his death. He was buried in the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific, Honolulu, Hawaii.

Yano's Medal of Honor recognized his conduct in fighting in Vietnam in 1969. He grabbed burning ammunition and threw it from the aircraft after being seriously wounded by a grenade explosion aboard a helicopter.

The words of Yano's citation explain:
Sfc. Yano distinguished himself while serving with the Air Cavalry Troop. Sfc. Yano was performing the duties of crew chief aboard the troop's command-and-control helicopter during action against enemy forces entrenched in dense jungle. From an exposed position in the face of intense small arms and antiaircraft fire he delivered suppressive fire upon the enemy forces and marked their positions with smoke and white phosphorus grenades, thus enabling his troop commander to direct accurate and effective artillery fire against the hostile emplacements. A grenade, exploding prematurely, covered him with burning phosphorus, and left him severely wounded. Flaming fragments within the helicopter caused supplies and ammunition to detonate. Dense white smoke filled the aircraft, obscuring the pilot's vision and causing him to lose control. Although having the use of only 1 arm and being partially blinded by the initial explosion, Sfc. Yano completely disregarded his welfare and began hurling blazing ammunition from the helicopter. In so doing he inflicted additional wounds upon himself, yet he persisted until the danger was past. Sfc. Yano's indomitable courage and profound concern for his comrades averted loss of life and additional injury to the rest of the crew. By his conspicuous gallantry at the cost of his life, in the highest traditions of the military service, Sfc. Yano has reflected great credit on himself, his unit, and the U.S. Army.

Yano is the namesake of the USNS "Yano" (T-AKR-297), a Shughart class cargo ship. She is a 'roll-on roll-off' non-combat United States Navy designated a "Large, Medium-speed, roll-on/roll-off" (LMSR) ship.

Yano Fitness Center at Camp Zama, Japan and Yano Hall Helicopter Maintenance Facility at Fort Rucker, Alabama are named in his honor.


2049

2049 (MMXLIX) will be .





St Edmund's College, Cambridge

St Edmund's College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It only has students who are at least 21 years old. They can be both undergraduates or postgraduates. It was created in 1896 and is named after St Edmund of Abingdon who was an Archbishop of Canterbury.

The college is found northwest of the city of Cambridge. It has about 450 students. At the beginning, it mainly had Roman Catholic students because it was built a short time after they were allowed back again in the University. Now it has a very international feeling. It was only in 1998 that St Edmund's was given full college status. Before, it was only considered a "House of Residence" by the University.

Some important people have studied here, like Georges Lemaître, an astronomer. Sir Martin Evans and Amartya Sen, who both won Nobel Prizes, were Fellows (teachers) here. Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh was an Honorary Fellow.


Jonathan Motzfeldt

Jonathan Motzfeldt (25 September 1938 – 28 October 2010) was the first and third Prime Minister of Greenland.


Henrikh Mkhitaryan

Henrikh Mkhitaryan (, born 21 January 1989) is an Armenian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for club Inter Milan.

Pyunik

Shakhtar Donetsk

Borussia Dortmund

Manchester United

Roma

Inter Milan

Individual

Orders


2045

2045 (MMXLV) will be .




First Lieutenant

First lieutenant is a military rank in many armed forces. They are considered commissioned officers and in some militaries an appointment.

The rank of lieutenant has different meanings in different military formations. In the majority of cases it is common for it to be sub-divided into a senior (first lieutenant) and junior (second lieutenant) rank. In navies it may relate to a particular post rather than a rank.

In the United States Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps, a first lieutenant is a junior commissioned officer. It is just above the rank of second lieutenant and just below the rank of captain. It is equivalent to the rank of lieutenant (junior grade) in the other uniformed services.

In the U.S. Navy and Coast Guard, first lieutenant is a position title, instead of a rank. It is held by the officer in command of the deck department. On smaller ships, the first lieutenant holds the rank of lieutenant, junior grade or ensign. On larger vessels, the position is held by a lieutenant or, in the case of extremely large warships such as aircraft carriers, a lieutenant commander or even commander. However, on submarines, where the deck department may only have a few junior sailors, the first lieutenant may be a senior enlisted member, such as a first-class petty officer or chief petty officer.

Air Force Instruction

An Air Force Instruction (AFI) is a documented instruction for members of the United States Air Force. It is intended for use by active duty, guard, and reserve members and associated civilians. It is one of many forms of directives published by the Air Force Departmental Publishing Office (AFDPO). In almost all cases, an Air Force Instruction is a form of a general order; and violation of the AFI by an Airman subject to it can be punished under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.

Acanthostega

Acanthostega (meaning 'spiny roof') was an extinct fishapod. It was one of the first vertebrates to have recognizable limbs. It appeared in the Upper Devonian about 365 million years ago, and was anatomically intermediate between lobe-finned fishes and the first tetrapods fully capable of coming onto land.

"Acanthostega" had eight digits on each hand linked by webbing, and six digits on the rear legs. It had no wrists to support the animal's weight on land. "Acanthostega" also had a remarkably fish-like shoulder and forelimb. The front foot of "Acanthostega" could not bend forward at the elbow, and so could not bear the full weight of the body. It was suitable for paddling or for holding on to aquatic plants. The animal had lungs, but its ribs were too short to give support to its chest cavity out of water. It had gills which were internal and covered like those of fish, not external and naked like those of some modern aquatic amphibians. 

There are many changes that allowed the pelvic girdle of "Acanthostega" to become a weight-bearing structure. In ancestral states, the two sides of the girdle were not attached. In "Acanthostega" there in contact between the two sides and fusion of the girdle with the sacral rib of the vertebral column. These fusions would have made the pelvic region more powerful and equipped to counter the force of gravity when not supported by the buoyancy of water. 

Therefore, paleontologists think it probably lived in shallow, weed-choked swamps, the legs adapted to some other function than walking on land. Also, there is a change in the arrangement of teeth from previous types. At that period, for the first time, deciduous plants were flourishing and annually shedding leaves into the water, attracting small prey into warm oxygen-poor shallows which were difficult for larger fish to swim in. Both "Ichthyostega" and "Acanthostega" may have breathed air by sticking their heads above the water in these shallows.

Clack remarks on how the lower jaw of "Acanthostega" shows a change from the jaws of fish. It differs in having a small number of larger teeth in the outer row and smaller teeth in the inner row. Research based on analysis of the skull suggests the species may have bitten directly on prey at or near the water's edge. Markey and Marshall compared the skull with the skulls of fish, which use suction feeding as the main way to catch prey, and creatures known to have used the direct biting typical of terrestrial animals. Their results indicate that "Acanthostega" was adapted for what they call terrestrial-style feeding. This strongly supports the hypothesis that the terrestrial mode of feeding first emerged in aquatic animals. If correct, this shows an animal specialized for hunting and living in shallow waters in the line between land and water. Newer research also indicates that it is possible "Acanthostega" evolved from an ancestor that had more terrestrial adaptations than itself.

fragments of the skull had been discovered in 1933 by Gunnar Säve-Söderbergh and Erik Jarvik. The famous fossil which showed the significance of this species was discovered by Jenny Clack in East Greenland, 1987. 

"Acanthostega" is part of widespread evolutionary adaptive radiation in the late Devonian period. It started with purely aquatic finned tetrapodomorphs. Their successors did more air-breathing and had adaptions to the jaws and gills. They had a more muscular neck allowing freer movement of the head than fish have, and used their fins to raise the body of the fish. These features are seen in the earlier "Tiktaalik", which like the "Ichthyostega" and "Acanthostega" is thought to have been primarily aquatic. 

Corporal

Corporal is a military rank that is used by most militaries. It is also used by some police forces or other uniformed organizations.

In the United States Army a Corporal is usually a fire team leader or second-in-command of a squad of soldiers. In the United States Marine Corps, Corporal is the rank for a team leader of a squad, machine gun team or the equivalent. 

It is equal in grade but senior by job title to specialist in the U.S. Army.

Baramulla

Baramulla () is a sub-district of Baramulla District in Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq

Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq (; 12 August 192417 August 1988) was a Pakistani military officer and politician who was the sixth president of Pakistan from 1978 until his death in 1988.

He was born in Jalandhar, Punjab. He died in a plane crash in Bahawalpur Punjab. Before he was president, he was chief martial law administrator from 1977, when martial law had been declared for the third time in the country's history. 

His reign is regarded as one of the longest-serving regimes in Pakistan, as he ruled nine years. It was a very cruel and bad time for most Pakistani people. He also helped the United States in fighting against the Soviet Union during the Soviet war in Afghanistan and in the process, he ruined his own country also.

Zia died in a plane crash on 17 August 1988. After witnessing a US M1 Abrams tank demonstration in Bahawalpur, Zia had left the small town in the Punjab province by C-130B Hercules aircraft. The aircraft departed from Bahawalpur Airport and was expected to reach Islamabad International Airport. Shortly after a smooth takeoff, the control tower lost contact with the aircraft. Witnesses who saw the plane in the air afterward claim it was flying erratically, then nosedived and exploded on impact. In addition to Zia, 31 others died in the plane crash, including chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee General Akhtar Abdur Rahman, close associate of Zia, Brigadier Siddique Salik, the American Ambassador to Pakistan Arnold Lewis Raphel and General Herbert M. Wassom, the head of the US Military aid mission to Pakistan. Ghulam Ishaq Khan, the Senate chairman announced Zia's death on radio and TV. Conditions surrounding his death have given rise to many conspiracy theories. There is speculation that the United States, India, the Soviet Union (in retaliation for Pakistani support of the mujahideen in Afghanistan) or an alliance of them and internal groups within Zia's military were behind the incident.

A board of inquiry was set up to investigate the crash. It concluded 'the most probable cause of the crash was a criminal act of sabotage perpetrated in the aircraft'. It also suggested that poisonous gases were released which incapacitated the passengers and crew, which would explain why no Mayday signal was given. There was also speculation into other facts involving the details of the investigation. A flight recorder (black box) was not located after the crash even though previous C-130 aircraft did have them installed.

Maj. Gen. (retd) Mahmud Ali Durrani, who was suspected by many circles within Pakistan and also by the then United States Ambassador to India, John Gunther Dean, for being "extraordinarily insistent" with President Zia to visit the demonstration, is considered to be the prime suspect in the incident. He claimed later that reports of Israeli and Indian involvement in Zia's plane crash were only speculations and he rejected the statement that was given by former president Ghulam Ishaq Khan that the presidential plane was blown up in the air. Durrani stated that Zia's plane was destroyed while landing.

Lt. General Hameed Gul, the head of Pakistan’s Inter Services Intelligence agency at the time, suggested that the United States might be responsible, even though the U.S. Ambassador and military attaché were also killed. He told "The Times" that the Pakistani President was killed in a conspiracy involving a "foreign power".

Naxalite–Maoist insurgency

The Naxalite–Maoist insurgency is an armed conflict in India. It is being fought between Maoist groups, known as Naxalites or Naxals, and the Indian government.


Deaths in 2013

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2013.













Factor (medicine)

A risk factor in medicine is something that causes, or helps to cause, a medical condition. 
For example, smoking or breathing in somebody else's tobacco smoke (called second-hand smoke) is a risk factor for emphysema and lung cancer.

A trigger factor causes the symptoms of a medical condition to begin in a person who already has that medical condition. Example: Smoking or breathing in someone else's smoke can be a trigger factor for asthma. The person already had asthma but the smoke caused an asthma attack.

Zig Ziglar

Hilary Hinton "Zig" Ziglar (November 6, 1926 – November 28, 2012) was an American author, historian, salesman, educator, and motivational speaker. He was a supporter for the Republican Party.

Ziglar was born on November 6, 1926 in Coffee County, Alabama. He was raised in Dallas, Texas, in Plano, Texas, and in Yazoo City, Mississippi. Ziglar studied to part of the United States Navy at the V-12 Navy College Training Program. He studied to write at University of South Carolina.

Ziglar was married to Jean Ziglar from 1946 until his death in 2012. They had four children, one of them died in 1995. He had seven grandchildren. Ziglar died on November 28, 2012 in Plano, Texas from pneumonia, aged 86. He is buried in McKinley, Texas.


Landman (rank)

Landman (or, in the United States Navy, Landsman) was a military rank given to naval recruits.

In the middle of the 18th century (c.1757) the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom used the term Landman. This referred to a seaman with less than a year's experience at sea. After a year, the Landman was usually promoted to the rank of Ordinary Seaman. 

Most were acquired by impressment (a common method of recruitment from c.1700-1815). Landmen were usually between the ages of 16 and 35. While seasoned sailors (who started as Ordinary Seamen) could be impressed up to the ages of 50 to 55 depending on need. In 1853 the practice of impressment ended after the passing of the Continuous Service Act. The rank's title was changed to Apprentice Seaman. The term Landman evolved into a more formal rating for a seaman assigned to unskilled manual labor.

Landsman was the lowest rank of the United States Navy in the 19th and early 20th centuries. It was given to new recruits with little or no experience at sea. Landsmen performed basic unskilled work aboard ship. A Landsman who gained three years of experience or re-enlisted could be promoted to Ordinary Seaman. The rank existed from 1838 to 1921.


Ordinary seaman (rank)

Ordinary seaman is a military rank used in naval forces.

The term Ordinary seaman was used in the Royal Navy in the middle of the 18th century. The term was used to refer to a seaman with between one and two years' experience at sea. They showed enough seamanship to be so rated by their captain. A seaman with less than a year's experience was referred to as a landman. A sailor with more than two years' experience was referred to as an able seaman.

Later, the term was formalized as a rating for the lowest normal grade of seaman. They are not trained in any special task. They are required to work at physically hard tasks of great variety. One needs an Ordinary Seaman Certificate to obtain work. One can become an able seaman as a promotion from this position.

Ordinary seaman was the second-lowest rank of the 19th century United States Navy. It ranked above landsman and below seaman. Promotion from landsman to ordinary seaman required three years of experience or re-enlistment. An ordinary seaman who gained six years of experience and knew the name and use of every line in the ship's rigging, could be promoted to seaman. An ordinary seaman's duties aboard ship included "handling and splicing lines, and working aloft on the lower mast stages and yards."

The rank existed from 1797 to 1917, when it was renamed "seaman second class". Seaman second class was later changed to the modern-day rank of seaman apprentice. The related ranks of ordinary seaman second class and ordinary seaman, engineer's force, existed in 1876–1885 and 1871–1883, respectively.

The term "ordinary seaman" is currently used in the Royal Canadian Navy and Irish Naval Forces (who inherited the military ranking structure from the previous generation of Royal Navy, Army, and Air Force ranks.)


Lake Tōya

The 2008 G8 Summit was held at Lake Tōya.

It is the ninth largest lake in Japan.



Staff sergeant

Staff sergeant is a rank of non-commissioned officer used in several countries.

The originated when they were part of the staff of a British Army regiment. They were paid at that level rather than as a member of a battalion or company.

Staff Sergeant (SSG) is the title of the E-6 rank in the U.S. Army and United States Marine Corps. It is just above Sergeant. It is just below Sergeant First Class in the U.S. Army or Gunnery Sergeant for the Marine Corps. It is a non-commissioned officer.
In the United States Air Force a Staff Sergeant (SSgt) is the title of an E-5. It ranks just above Senior Airman (SrA) and below Technical Sergeant (TSgt). It is the Air Force's first non-commissioned officer (NCO) rank.


USS Colorado (1856)

The first USS "Colorado" was a -class, three-masted steam screw frigate. It was launched on 19 June 1856 by the Norfolk Navy Yard. It was sponsored by Ms. N. S. Dornin and commissioned on 13 March 1858. Captain W. H. Gardner was in command.

"Colorado" put to sea from Boston on 12 May 1858. It then cruised into Cuban waters to stop the practice of search by British cruisers until 6 August. She then returned to Boston and was placed in ordinary until 1861.

Returning to New York on 30 May 1876, "Colorado" was placed out of commission on 8 June. From 1876-1884, she was used as a Receiving Ship at New York Navy Yard. She was sold on 14 February 1885 to a private company; and broken up for salvage material and burned for her copper fastenings.


Lori Loughlin

Lori Loughlin (born July 28, 1964 in Queens, New York) is an American actress. She acts mostly on television but has acted in some movies. She played Rebecca in the television sitcom "Full House" and Debbie Wilson in "90210". she was played as a cast member in the TV Show "Dream Love".

Loughlin and her husband were among dozens charged by the FBI and U.S. Attorney's Office on March 12, 2019, in a large-scale nationwide college entrance exam cheating scandal.

Yamaguchi (name)

Yamaguchi (Japanese: 山口) is a common Japanese surname and the name of a prefecture in Japan. The word means "mountain mouth". Famous people with the name Yamaguchi include:


Susan Dey

Susan Dey (December 10, 1952 in Pekin, Illinois) is an American actress. She acts mostly in television programs. She portrayed Laurie Partridge in the series "The Partridge Family" and received a Golden Globe Award for acting as Grace Van Owen in the series "L.A. Law".

Nevill Ground

The Nevill Ground is a cricket ground in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent. It played host to one One Day International during the 1983 Cricket World Cup, the group stage match between India and Zimbabwe in which Kapil Dev scored 175 not out. The Nevill Ground is recognised in cricket for having rhododendron bushes around the edge of the pitch.

Kay Bailey Hutchison

Kay Bailey Hutchison (born July 22, 1943) is an American politician. Hutchison was the 22nd United States Permanent Representative to NATO from August 28, 2017 to January 20, 2021. She was the senior Senator from Texas. Hutchison is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. In 2001, she was named one of the thirty most powerful women in America by the "Ladies Home Journal".

On June 29, 2017, Hutchison was nominated to be the next United States Permanent Representative to NATO by Donald Trump. She was confirmed by the Senate in a voice vote on August 3, 2017.

Gunner's mate

The United States Navy occupational rating of gunner's mate (GM) is given by the Bureau of Naval Personnel (BUPERS) to enlisted sailors. They must either complete school training or by showing they are familiar with the field of ordnance.

The Gunner's Mate school is held at Naval Training Center Great Lakes, Illinois. The school was originally very hands-on. It is now primarily conducted through self-study computer-based training (CBT). The training focuses on the operation, maintenance, and troubleshooting of Naval guns, missile launchers, and torpedoes. It has a strong emphasis on basic explosives, guidance and tracking systems, small arms, Naval ammunition classification, and safety. Upon completion of this school enlisted members often continue on to a specialized school. At the specialized school they learn a particular weapons system.
A GM will specialize in weapons such as the M500 shotgun, M60 machine gun, M14 rifle, M2 Browning machine gun, M9 pistol, M11 pistol, M16 rifle, M240 machine gun, M203 grenade launcher, M79 grenade launcher, M1911 pistol, M1 Garand, Mk 19 grenade launcher, Mk 18 Mod 0 Carbine Rifle, 5"/54 caliber Mark 45 gun, M242 Bushmaster chain gun, Vertical launching system, Missiles, , pyrotechnics, hand grenades, non-lethal weapons, force protection & anti-terrorism, as well as operating shooting ranges, armories, and the storage and issue of ammunition.


Sergeant First Class

Sergeant First Class is a military rank in some military's and other uniformed organizations around the world. It is typically a senior non-commissioned officer.

Sergeant First Class (SFC) is the seventh enlisted rank (E-7) in the U.S. Army. It is above Staff Sergeant and below Master Sergeant and First Sergeant. It is the first senior non-commissioned officer rank.


USS Benicia (1868)

USS "Benicia" was a screw sloop in the United States Navy during the late 19th century. She was named for Benicia, California.

"Benicia" was launched 18 August 1868 by Portsmouth Navy Yard as "Algoma". She was renamed "Benicia" on 15 May 1869. It was commissioned 1 December 1869 with Commander S. Nicholson in command.

Between March 1870 and August 1872, "Benicia" served on the Asiatic Station. It took part in Rear Admiral John Rodgers' expedition to Korea (16 May-11 June 1871). During this period Ordinary Seaman John Andrews, Chief Quartermaster Patrick H. Grace and Private Michael McNamara, USMC, received the Medal of Honor.

Following repairs at Mare Island Navy Yard, "Benicia" joined the North Pacific Squadron 6 December 1872. She cruised in Mexican, Central American, and Hawaiian waters and arrived at San Francisco, California on 29 November 1874 carrying King Kalākaua of Hawaii and his suite. 

Captain of the Mizzen Top Albert Weisbogel also received the Medal of Honor (his first award) for service on "Benicia", in 1874.

"Benicia" made a cruise to Alaska (11 May-21 July 1875) and was decommissioned at Mare Island 29 November 1875. "Benicia" was sold 3 May 1884.


Charles Brown (Medal of Honor)

Corporal Charles Brown (born 1849) received the United States's highest honor for bravery. It is called the Medal of Honor. Corporal Brown was a United States Marine. He was born in New York City. He enlisted in Hong Kong in 1870. The tracking number for his Medal of Honor is number 169. It is dated 8 February 1872. He received the medal for his actions while stationed aboard the USS Colorado.

Citation:


John Coleman (Medal of Honor)

John Coleman (October 9, 1846 – October 30, 1904) was a United States Marine. He received the United States military's highest decoration for bravery. It is called the Medal of Honor. He received it for his actions during the Korean Expedition. He was Irish-born, and received the Medal for saving the life of Boatswain's Mate Alexander McKenzie while under enemy attack on the . His death was the result of a electric tram car accident in San Diego, California. He was buried in Mount Hope Cemetery in San Diego with a headstone depicting his Civil War service. A new marker proudly displaying his the symbol of the Medal of Honor was placed in the Spring of 2018 courtesy of the Medal of Honor Historical Society of the United States.

Citation.

On board the U.S.S. Colorado in action at Korea on 11 June 1871. Fighting hand-to-hand with the enemy, Coleman succeeded in saving the life of Alexander McKenzie.


James Dougherty (Medal of Honor)

James Dougherty (November 16, 1839 – November 25, 1897) was a U.S. Marine in the 1871 Korean Campaign. He received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Korean Expedition. He was serving as a private aboard . His Medal of Honor was issued on February 8, 1872. Private Dougherty was one of fifteen United States sailors and Marines who received the Medal of Honor for this little known American military action.

He is buried in Cypress Hills National Cemetery, Section 6, Grave 12374.

Citation:

On board the in various actions of that vessel. Wounded several times, Dougherty invariably returned to duty, presenting an example of constancy and devotion to the flag.



There may have been either two James Doughertys awarded the medal during the Korean Expedition. One served on board the "Carondelet", while the other may have served on the . Alternatively, the medals may have been awarded to the same Marine.

The U.S.S. Carondelet does not appear to have served in Korea, raising the possibility that two James Doughertys received the Medal of Honor (on-line resources do not support this point) or that the citation for Private Dougherty's medal refers incorrectly to the U.S.S. Carondelet instead of to another ship (possibly the U.S.S. Benicia) involved in the Korean campaign.

Ganghwado

Ganghwa Island is an island in the beginning of the Han River. It is on the west coast of South Korea. Ganghwa Island is separated from Gimpo on the mainland by a narrow channel. The channel is connected by two bridges. The main channel of the Han River separates the island from Gaeseong in North Korea.

About 65,500 people live on the island. With an area of . It covers most of Ganghwa County, a division of Incheon Municipality. About half of the island's population lives in Ganghwa-eup, Ganghwa Town, in the northeastern part of the island. The island's highest point is Mani-san, above sea level. The island measures long and wide, and is the 4th largest island in South Korea.

Historically, it is significant as being the location of separate and brief attacks. One was the French in 1866. Another was the United States in 1871 and the Japanese in 1875 when Korea was emerging from isolation.



Selwyn College, Cambridge

Selwyn College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It was created in 1882. It is named after George Selwyn, who was an important bishop and also rowed for Cambridge in the first Boat Race. Today it has about 600 students. Selwyn usually does well in exams, but is also one of the poorest colleges.

At the beginning, the college was for Christian male students only. With time, this changed and women were allowed in 1976, which was quite early compared to other colleges. The college is on Grange Road. It is built in red brick and a Gothic Revival architecture style. The college has a "Snowball" every year. This is like a May Ball, which is a traditional party in Cambridge. Unlike May Balls though, it is in the winter, usually in December.

Some important people have studied here, like Hugh Laurie and Tom Hollander, both actors.


A. J. Langer

Allison Joy Langer (born May 22, 1974) is an American TV and movie actress. She acted as Rayanne Graff in the drama show "My So-Called Life". Langer also acted as Erica Warner in the TV show "Private Practice". 

She was born in Columbus, Ohio. She moved to the San Fernando Valley with her family at age five.

Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge

Sidney Sussex College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It is often just called Sidney by the students. It was created in 1596. It takes its name from Frances Sidney, Countess of Sussex, who gave money to build it. Today it has about 550 students.

It is quite a small college, and it is found in the town centre of Cambridge. Because it is in quite a small area, it has changed little since it was first built. The buildings were made of red brick at the beginning, but then they were covered by cement. 

Many important people have studied here:


Sexagenary cycle

The sexagenary cycle (六十花甲 "liùshí huājiǎ"), also known as the "stems-and-branches" or "trunks-and-branches" (干支 "gānzhī"), is a traditional Chinese calendar system. It is a list of sixty terms which are used for identifying days or years. 

The oldest Chinese system for recording and organizing time uses repeated periods of 60 days. 

Ancient records show that the sexagenary cycle was used to count years in the 3rd century B.C. 

The repeating series of 60 terms has been an important part of historical calendar systems in East Asia, including China, Japan, Korea, Tibet and Vietnam.

Each term in the sexagenary cycle is made up of two Chinese characters: 

Tables show specific years in the context of a repeating sexagenary cycle.



Francis B. Wai

Francis Brown Wai (April 14, 1917 – October 20, 1944) was a captain in the United States Army. He received the Medal of Honor for actions during the recapture of the Philippines from Japan in 1944.

When he was young Wai liked to surf and he played several sports in high school and college. He graduated from college with a degree in finance. Although he started planning to work with his father he joined the Hawaii National Guard. He was commissioned a lieutenant. Wai was sent with his unit to fight in World War II. He was killed during the U.S. amphibious assault on Leyte, Philippines.

He was initially presented the Distinguished Service Cross. It is the United States' second highest decoration for valor. After an extensive review of awards in 2000, his medal was upgraded to the Medal of Honor.
, Wai is the only Chinese American and the first Asian-American officer to receive the medal.

Wai was the child of a Native Hawaiian mother and a Chinese father. Growing up, he often surfed with Duke Kahanamoku regarded as the father of surfing. He also surfed with Buster Crabbe who later became an actor. He attended the Punahou School in Honolulu where he earned athletic letters in track, football and baseball. He went to college at the Sacramento Junior College before transferring to UCLA. At UCLA, he was a four sport athlete and graduated in 1939 with a bachelor's degree in Banking and Finance. He intended to work alongside his father in real estate and banking but instead joined the military upon the outbreak of World War II.

After his graduation from college Wai enlisted in the Hawaii National Guard. He was called to active duty before the United States' entrance into World War II. He received a commission as an officer and completed Officer Candidate School in 1941. His commission was rare at a time when few Asian-Americans were allowed to serve in combat leadership roles. He was eventually assigned to the 34th Infantry Regiment of the 24th Infantry Division with the rank of Captain. The 24th Division, based at Schofield Barracks, Oahu, was among the first American units to be involved in the Pacific Theater. They exchanged fire with Japanese aircraft during the December 7, 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor.

In May 1943 Captain Wai deployed to Australia with the 24th Infantry Division. By September 19, 1943 the unit was at Camp Caves, near Rockhampton. It is on the eastern coast of Australia. Wai and the rest of the unit began intensive combat training. With training completed, the division moved to Goodenough Island on January 31, 1944, to prepare for Operation Reckless. That was the name of the amphibious invasion of Hollandia, Netherlands New Guinea (now Jayapura, in the Papua province of Indonesia).

The 24th landed at Tanahmerah Bay on April 22, 1944. They seized the Hollandia Airdrome despite torrential rain and marshy terrain. Shortly after the Hollandia landing, the division's 34th Infantry Regiment moved to Biak. They went to reinforce the 41st Infantry Division. Wai's regiment captured the Sorido and Borokoe airdromes before returning to the division on Hollandia in July. In two months, Wai and his unit had crossed New Guinea and recaptured three airdromes from the Japanese.

After occupying the Hollandia area, Wai was assigned to X Corps of the Sixth United States Army in preparation for the invasion of the Philippines. On October 20, 1944, his division was paired with the 1st Cavalry Division within X Corps. The two divisions made an assault landing at Leyte. When Captain Wai landed at Red Beach, the Japanese forces stationed on the island focused their fire on the waves of incoming troops. The Japanese fired from gun positions in a palm grove in the middle of submerged rice paddies. When Wai arrived on the beach in the fifth wave, he found the soldiers there to be leaderless, disorganized, and pinned down on the open beach. Assuming command, he moved through the rice paddies, without cover. His demeanor and example inspired the other men to follow him. Without thinking of his own personal safety, he moved forward without cover to draw Japanese machine gun and rifle fire. This allowed him to identify the locations of the entrenched Japanese forces. Systematically, the Japanese positions were assaulted and overcome. Wai was killed leading an assault against the last Japanese pillbox in the area. For his actions during the landing on Leyte, Wai was posthumously presented the Distinguished Service Cross. After the war, his remains were interred at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Hawaii. His grave is in section Q, grave 1194.

In 1996 there were allegations of prejudicial treatment of Asian Americans in uniform in World War II. Congress directed Louis Caldera, then Secretary of the Army, to conduct a full review of military records. The review concluded that 22 Asian Americans, including Wai, did not receive full consideration for the Medal of Honor. In 2000 Wai's Distinguished Service Cross was upgraded to the Medal of Honor. Of those whose medals were upgraded, Wai was one of only two who did not belong to the predominantly Japanese American 442nd Regimental Combat Team/100th Infantry Battalion; the other being Rudolph B. Davila of the 7th Infantry. At a White House ceremony June 20, 2000, President Bill Clinton presented the Medal of Honor to 22 Asian Americans whose Distinguished Service Crosses were upgraded to the Medal of Honor.

During the course of his short military career, Wai earned eight awards and decorations.

Citation:
Captain Francis B. Wai distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action, on 20 October 1944, in Leyte, Philippine Islands. Captain Wai landed at Red Beach, Leyte, in the face of accurate, concentrated enemy fire from gun positions advantageously located in a palm grove bounded by submerged rice paddies. Finding the first four waves of American soldiers leaderless, disorganized, and pinned down on the open beach, he immediately assumed command. Issuing clear and concise orders, and disregarding heavy enemy machine gun and rifle fire, he began to move inland through the rice paddies without cover. The men, inspired by his cool demeanor and heroic example, rose from their positions and followed him. During the advance, Captain Wai repeatedly determined the locations of enemy strong points by deliberately exposing himself to draw their fire. In leading an assault upon the last remaining Japanese pillbox in the area, he was killed by its occupants. Captain Wai's courageous, aggressive leadership inspired the men, even after his death, to advance and destroy the enemy. His intrepid and determined efforts were largely responsible for the rapidity with which the initial beachhead was secured. Captain Wai's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army."



Christopher Martin-Jenkins

Christopher Dennis Alexander Martin-Jenkins (January 20, 1945 – January 1, 2013) was an English sportcaster, historian, and journalist who broadcast "Test Match Special" on BBC Radio.

Martin-Jenkins was born on 20 January 1945 in Peterborough, England. He studied at Marlborough College and at Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge. He had one son, Robin. Martin-Jenkins died on 1 January 2013 in Rudgwick, West Sussex from lymphoma after being diagnosed a year before, aged 67.


James Faulkner

James Sebastian Faulkner (born July 18, 1948) or James Reed Faulkner is an English actor who is known for his roles in "The Bank Job", "Bridget Jones's Diary", "", "", and in "Zulu Down".

Faulkner was born on July 18, 1948 in Hampstead, London, England. He is married to Kate Faulkner. They had two sons, Guy and Leo Faulkner. He now lives in London, England.


Luge

Luge is a Winter Olympics sport. It is similar to the bobsleigh, but faster and more dangerous. At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, a Georgian athlete was killed in practice after several complaints that the track was too fast.

Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic

The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (Russian SFSR or RSFSR; , also known as the Russian Soviet Republic and the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic as well as being unofficially known as Soviet Russia, the Russian Federation or simply Russia) was an independent socialist state from 1917 to 1922. Afterwards it was the largest and most populous of the Soviet socialist republics of the Soviet Union (USSR) from 1922 to 1991. When the Soviet Union broke up, the Russian SFSR became known as the country of Russia. 

Illeana Douglas

Illeana Douglas (born July 25, 1965) is an American actress. She has appeared in many movies and television programs. She was in the 1991 remake movie "Cape Fear". She also acted in the television sitcom "Ugly Betty". She also hosts many programs for Turner Classic Movies.

Frederick Franklin

Frederick Franklin (1840–1873) was a United States Navy sailor. He received the Medal of Honor for actions during the 1871 Korean Campaign.

Frederick H. Franklin was born in 1840 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. 

Along with Bosun's Mate Alexander MacKenzie, Marine Private John Coleman, Ordinary Seaman Samuel F. Rogers and fellow Quartermaster William Troy in the attempt to save the life of Lieutenant Hugh McKee. Mckee was mortally wounded in the action. Lieutenant McKee was not eligible for the medal as an officer. 

He is buried in Proprietors' Cemetery Portsmouth, New Hampshire.

Citation:

On board the U.S.S. Colorado during the attack and capture of the Korean forts on 11 June 1871. Assuming command of Company D, after Lt. McKee was wounded, Franklin handled the company with great credit until relieved.



John J. Pershing

General of the Armies John Joseph "Black Jack" Pershing (September 13, 1860 – July 15, 1948), was a general officer in the United States Army. He led the American Expeditionary Forces in World War I. Pershing is the only person to be promoted in his own lifetime to the highest rank ever held in the United States Army. The rank is known as General of the Armies. ( promoted George Washington to the same rank but with higher seniority). Pershing holds the first United States officer service number (O-1). He was regarded as a mentor by the generation of American generals who led the United States Army in Europe during World War II. These include George C. Marshall, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Omar N. Bradley, and George S. Patton.




Narcissistic personality disorder

Narcissistic personality disorder (NPD) is a personality disorder derived from trauma, as all cluster B disorders are. It comes from extreme neglect and criticization in their childhoods, leading them to adapt to a certain survival instinct, and to shut down their emotions completely. People with NPD find it difficult to show empathy to others because of the lack of empathy they've been shown as children. They may have a sense of self-righteousness, and may defend themselves if they are in the wrong as a defense mechanism to past criticization. 

The American Psychiatric Association’s "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition" ("DSM-5") categorizes NPD as Cluster B personality disorder, with antisocial personality disorder, borderline personality disorder and histrionic personality disorder. 

Cluster B personality disorders are also known as “dramatic” personality disorders. Common to these is very emotional behavior which creates problems in relationships. Studies have found that up to 6.3% of the general population suffers from narcissistic personality disorder and it is more prevalent in men than it is in women.

Before the introduction of narcissistic personality disorder, the term narcissism was used to explain a person's extreme self-love and self-admiration. The word "narcissism" comes from Greek mythology. A handsome young man named Narcissus saw his own reflection in a pool of water and fell in love with himself. Narcissus' love could not be returned back and therefore he became a flower, which was named after him. 

In 1925 Robert Waelder introduced the term "narcissistic personality" and by 1968 the term narcissistic personality disorder was used by Heinz Kohut.

In order to be diagnosed with Narcissistic Personality Disorder, The American Psychiatric Association’s DSM-5 says that a person must show at least five of the following problematic behaviors:

It is important to note that there is a difference between narcissistic personality disorder and narcissistic traits. People with narcissistic personality traits show some of the behavior discussed above, but to a lesser degree than those with full-blown NPD.

People with NPD act very confident as a façade. A lot of people with NPD have deep-rooted self esteem issues, due to the criticization they received in their childhoods. They often need admiration and support from others in order to feel confident in themselves, and they tend to rely on other people to give them confidence. They may be obsessed with fantasies of power in order to make up for the lack of control they had during their abuse in childhood. They consider themselves to be in the right a lot of the time, because they feel they cannot trust anyone else, and are very wary about who they let into their life. They do strive for connection with others, and bonding. They are not inherently manipulative people, unless they're significantly unhealed or do not realize some of their behaviors can be abusive. In reality, these people can be very loving and attentive to their partners, as they don't want them to leave and strive to bond and make genuine connections with others, however, they tend to struggle with showing or expressing empathy to others, which makes it hard to connect. They may also struggle to maintain healthy relationships due to abandonment issues, and they become wary as the relationship goes on, insecurities fill their head, and they struggle to communicate their emotions with romantic partners. This can lead to misunderstandings, arguments, and problems during relationships. Due to a lot of the demonization on the internet and from therapists and community, a lot of people with NPD struggle asking for help, as a lot of the time they can be so deep into a mindset of survival they feel they do not need help, and that if they healed, or in their eyes, "became weaker", they may not be able to survive in the world. Listening to people with NPD can help demolish this stigma that they are manipulative, so that more people with this trauma disorder can reach out for help, and not feel afraid.

According to the DSM-5 narcissistic characteristics are often seen in successful people, but an individual can be diagnosed with NPD only when these traits affect their every day life by making it harder.

People with NPD often also have additional psychological disorders such as depression, bipolar disorder and substance abuse, as well as other disorders from the second cluster of personality disorders. 

Narcissistic personality disorder can take many forms. These are the three general categories and their descriptions:

-       Overt narcissism: likely to be outgoing, arrogant, competitive, and struggle with empathy.
-       Covert narcissism: likely to express low self esteem, introversion, avoidance, and a tendency to victimize themselves.
- Antagonistic narcissism: likely to try to assert power, disagreeability or proneness to arguing, and tendency to compete with others
source : https://psychcentral.com/health/types-of-narcissism

Narcissistic Personality Disorder is the result of a mix of genetic and environmental factors. Studies have suggested that there is 45-80% heritability, meaning that these traits are passed on from a parent to a child, supporting the genetic cause of the disorder. However it is important to remember that what is inherited is not the disorder per se, but a genetic predisposition (genotype) to developing this or any other type of mental disorder. This is where nurture comes in, because it is the environment that the person is living in that activates (or does not activate) the genotype. 

A lot depends on the dynamics within the family. If the child is neglected or constantly criticized, they may develop narcissistic personality disorder as a way of compensating for the lack of love and attention. In all cases the child has suffered damage to their psyche that is called a narcissistic injury. 

Finally, from a neurological view, studies have found that NPD is connected to a change in the brain, making it hard to express and control emotions such as empathy. 

There is no strong evidence of treatment or managing options that work. However, as with many personality disorders, the most common and used option is psychotherapy and psychodynamic methods.These options seem to be the ones most likely to control narcissism. Mental conditions that often come with narcissistic personality disorder, such as depression or anxiety disorder can be treated, but there is no evidence that medicine can treat narcissistic symptoms.

Specialist (rank)

Specialist (abbreviated "SPC") is one of the four junior enlisted ranks in the U.S. Army. It is just above Private First Class and equivalent in pay grade to Corporal. Unlike Corporals, Specialists are not considered junior non-commissioned officers (NCOs).

On 1 July 1955 four grades of Specialist were established. The first was Specialist Three (E-4). It is the only one that still exists. It was changed to Specialist Four in 1958. Specialist Two (E-5), Specialist One (E-6), and Master Specialist (E-7) were also created in 1955. These were all eventually replaced with other titles. In 1958 the DoD added two more pay grades. This gave enlisted soldiers more opportunities to progress to a full career. These were Specialist Eight (E-8) and Specialist Nine (E-9) which were abolished in 1968. All except SP4 were abolished in 1984 when SP4 was renamed as "Specialist" and abbreviated as "SPC".


442nd Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 442nd Regimental Combat Team () of the United States Army was a regimental size fighting unit. It was composed almost entirely of American soldiers of Japanese descent. These men volunteered to fight in World War II even though their families were subject to internment. The 442nd, beginning in 1944, fought primarily in Europe during World War II. The 442nd was a self-sufficient force. It fought with uncommon distinction in Italy, southern France, and Germany. The 442nd is considered to be the most decorated infantry regiment in the history of the United States Army. The 442nd was awarded eight Presidential Unit Citations and twenty-one of its members were awarded the Medal of Honor for World War II. The 442nd Regimental Combat Team motto was, "Go for Broke".






Rex Reed

Rex Taylor Reed (born October 2, 1938) is an American movie critic, journalist, actor, and was the co-host for "At the Movies". He worked for the New York Observer. He appeared as himself in the 1978 movie "Superman".

Reed was born on October 2, 1938 in Fort Worth, Texas. He was raised in New York City, New York. He now lives in Manhattan, New York City, New York. He is good friends with Liz Smith.


Joe Morgenstern

Joe Morgenstern (born October 3, 1932) is an American Pulitzer Prize-winning movie critic, historian, and journalist for the Wall Street Journal. He was born in Matamoras.

He was raised in New York City, New York. He studied at Lehigh University. He was married to Piper Laurie from 1962 until they divorced in 1982. They had one daughter. He now lives in New York City, New York.


Vincent Canby

Vincent Canby (July 27, 1924 – October 15, 2000) was an American movie critic, historian, and journalist who is known for being the critic for "The New York Times".

Canby was born on July 27, 1924 in Chicago, Illinois. He was raised in New York City, New York. He studied at Dartmouth College. He was never married. Canby died on October 15, 2000 in Manhattan, New York City, New York from cancer, aged 76.


Jonathan Rosenbaum

Jonathan Rosenbaum (born February 27, 1943) is an American movie critic, journalist, and historian. He worked for the "Chicago Reader" until his retirement in 2008 at age 65.

Rosenbaum was born on February 27, 1943 in Florence, Alabama. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at The Putney School and at Bard College. He was never married. He now lives in Chicago, Illinois.


Jane Kaczmarek

Jane Kaczmarek (born December 21, 1955, Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American actress who acted as Lois in "Malcolm in the Middle". She has acted on other television series, particularly sitcoms.

Mike Awesome

Michael Lee Alfonso (January 24, 1965 – February 17, 2007) was an American professional wrestler best known for wrestling with Extreme Championship Wrestling, World Championship Wrestling and the WWF/WWE best known under the ring name Mike Awesome. 

During his time with ECW, he won the ECW World Heavyweight Championship two times and the ECW World Tag Team Championship one time with Raven. 

He joined WCW in 2000 and started his "Career Killer" gimmick when he threw Chris Kanyon off the top of the first level of a triple cage and he landed on the entrance ramp. His gimmick was somewhat changed and he started calling himself "The Fat Chick Thrilla" after his heavy women. He would later change his gimmick once again and was known as "That '70s Guy" Mike Awesome which was a reference to That '70s Show. As The '70s Guy, he would dress up in different 1970s inspired outfits and also hosted an interview segment called the "Lava Lamp Lounge". He also used to drive a bus which was painted like the bus in The Partridge Family into arenas for his entrance. He also feuded with Vampiro and Insane Clown Posse members Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope. 

He became part of The Invasion storyline and debuted on WWE television when he attacked Rhyno with a metal pipe after Rhyno defeated Test for the Hardcore Championship. After he attacked Rhyno, he powerbombed him onto a ladder and pinned him to become Hardcore Champion because of the 24/7 rule. He become the first member of the Invaders to win a title in the WWF but he finally lost the title when he was pinned by Jeff Hardy on SmackDown!. He was later assigned to appear on WWE Velocity where he jobbed before being released on September 27, 2002. He later said in the book, "The Death of WCW", that "Being in the WWE (formerly the WWF) sucked. I hated it. You had to kiss everybody's ass... You had to be on your political toes all the time. You would not believe the backstage politics. You were getting stabbed in the back constantly. I was so happy when I was told I was gone [fired]."

He left the WWE and appeared on the independent circuit for five years before retiring from professional wresting in February 2006 to spend more time with his family.

He was found hanged in his Tampa home by a group of his friends on February 17, 2007.

Kenneth Turan

Kenneth Turan (born October 27, 1946) is an American movie critic, journalist, historian, and radio personality. He has worked for the "Los Angeles Times" since 1991.

Turan was born on October 27, 1946 in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Swarthmore College and at Columbia University. Turan is not married and has no children. He now lives in Los Angeles, California.


Steven Rea

Steven Rea or Steven X. Rea is a British-born American movie critic, journalist, historian, writer, and poet. He writes for the "Philadelphia Inquirer".

Rea was born in London, England. He was raised in New York City. Rea studied at Stuyvesant High School, at San Francisco State University, and at the University of Iowa. He is married. He lives in Los Angeles, California and in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 



Michael Phillips (critic)

Michael Phillips (born 1961) is an American movie critic, journalist, and historian who works as a critic for the "Chicago Tribune". His influences include Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel.

Phillips was born in 1961 in Kenosha, Wisconsin. He was raised in Racine, Wisconsin. He studied at the University of Minnesota. He now lives in Chicago, Illinois.


Ansbertus

Ansbertus, Ansbert or Ausbert was a Frankish nobleman and politician. His wife, Billihild, claimed to be the daughter of Charibert I, Merovingian King of Paris, and granddaughter of Chlothar I Magnus. Ansbert was the father of Arnoald of Mez and grandfather of Doda of Mez.


Colin Covert

Colin Covert is an American movie critic, historian, and journalist. He worked as a critic for the "Minneapolis Star Tribune". In December 2018, Covert resigned from the "Tribune" after he was accused of plagiarism.

Covert was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey. He studied at Macalester College. He was raised in Minnesota. Covert now lives in Minneapolis, Minnesota.


Curriculum

A curriculum (plural: curricula) is a program of study. It is used to plan teaching or training. It spells out the details so others can know what is going to happen:

Today it usually means the courses, their content, and the coursework offered at a school or university. Often, curricula are backed by some kind of theory, or by intending to change what was done before. Curricula may be backed by textbooks and by courses to train teachers. The study of curricula is part of most qualifications for teachers.

A similar word is syllabus, which means a summary of topics which will be covered during an academic course, or book or lecture. Another term is discipline, which in this sense means an academic subject-matter.

Historically, curricula have done more than act as a background for syllabi and examinations. They have discussed the basis of teaching by taking account of:

The four questions asked by Tylor in his introductory text are generally regarded as fundamental:

There are no hard-and-fast rules for answering those questions. There have always been different theories of education which are based on different attitudes to education and to life itself. Roughly speaking, these theories have two opposite ends. At one end is child-centered education. This is concerned to adapt the teaching to the needs and development of individual children, and is most used in kindergarten and primary education. The other end is society-oriented. It aims to make sure society gets a steady supply of young adults able to fill the jobs and roles which society needs to be filled. In some countries the approach would be more religion-oriented. This would aim to produce young adults whose main aim is to live according to the precepts (beliefs, practices) of a particular religion.

A term sometimes used to describe what a critic thinks is really going on in an educational system. It means the unspoken beliefs and values of an institution, the implicit demands of behavour and respect. In a school subject-matter is taught, but much else is going on. 


Otto I the Illustrious

Otto I of Saxony and Otto the Illustrious (ca. 841 – 30 November 912) was a German Saxon noble. He was Duke of Saxony. He was the father of Henry I the Fowlers and grandfather of Otto I the Great. He was also father-in-law of Zwentibold, Carolingian King of Lotharingia.

Otto was born between 830 and 841, and was one of the sons of Liudolf, Duke of Saxony, and Gisela, the daughter of Everhart Friuli and Geslea of Franks. Otto's uncle was Berengar I of Italy. His paternal ancestor was an old chief of Saxony.

Otto was a powerful noble of Saxony and Eastern Germany for a long time. His sister Liutgard was married to King Louis the Younger. Around the 890s, his daughter Oda married Zwentibold, King of Lotharingia.

In 911, the East Frankish King Louis the Child died without any children. German nobles said that Otto should be crowned as king, but he declined (said no) because of his old age (he was around 70 at that point). He instead recommended Conrad to Franken, his powerful political rival. In 918, his son Henry I the Fowler was appointed as King.

Rachel Ward

Rachel Claire Ward (born 12 September 1957) is an English movie and television performer who starred in movies like "Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid" and "Night School". She also starred in the television miniseries "The Thorn Birds".

Trinity Hall, Cambridge

Trinity Hall is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. It is often just called Tit Hall by the students. It was created in 1350 and it is the fifth oldest college. It takes its name from the Holy Trinity. 

The money to build the college was given by William Bateman, the Bishop of Norwich. He wanted to build a new centre for studying canon law and civil science. This was because the Black Death had killed many priests. Today, it has about 600 students. The college is found next to the river Cam. In 1999, the Jerwood Library was built. It became quite famous in Cambridge because it is a beautiful building by the river.

Many important people have studied at Trinity Hall, for example:

There also many British rowers that have studied at Trinity Hall and won medals at the Olympics. This is because the college has a very good boat club, where students can play this sport.


Wolfson College, Cambridge

Wolfson College is one of the 31 Colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. The College admits mature students, who are 21 years or older, for both undergraduate and postgraduate courses. 

The College was founded in 1965 as University College. The name was changed to Wolfson College on 1 January 1973, following a major donation from the Wolfson Foundation, a charity. Today there are more than 900 students at the College with approximately 70% coming from overseas. The College is located on Barton Road, which is about a mile to the west of Cambridge city centre.


Comenius

Comenius (28 March 1592 – 15 November 1670) was a 17th-century Czech bishop, and an innovator in education. His name is spelt differently in almost every language. In English it is John Amos Comenius, but he is usually called just 'Comenius'.

Comenius is famous for arguing for universal literacy, and inventing the idea of a modern textbook which used pictures as well as prose to get its message across. Comenius also tried to design a language in which false statements could not be written.

There are about 16 works, with many translations and versions.

James Buck

James Buck (1808 – November 1, 1865) was a sailor in the United States Navy during the American Civil War. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions aboard U.S.S. Brooklyn.

Buck, born in Denver, Colorado and joined the Navy in 1852. He was an Acting Master's Mate when he was presented the Medal of Honor. He received it for his actions aboard U.S.S. Brooklyn. He was a Quartermaster. The medal was approved under General Order 11, dated April 3, 1863.

Buck died November 1, 1865. He is buried in Greenmount Cemetery in Baltimore, MD. His grave is in section Q-24, GPS (lat/lon): 39.30936, -76.6062.

The United States Navy named three ships USS "Buck" in his name. The first ship to be name after Buck was . It was a motorboat built in 1911. The second ship to be named after Buck was . It was a Sims-class destroyer. That ship served from 1939 until she was sunk during the invasion of Italy in 1943. The third and final ship to take its name from James Buck was . This Allen M. Sumner-class destroyer served from 1946 until 1973.

Citation:

Served on board the U.S.S. Brooklyn in the attack upon Forts Jackson and St. Philip and at the taking of New Orleans, 24 and 25 April 1862. Although severely wounded by a heavy splinter, Buck continued to perform his duty until positively ordered below. Later stealing back to his post, he steered the ship for 8 hours despite his critical condition. His bravery was typical of the type which resulted in the taking of the Forts Jackson and St. Philip and in the capture of New Orleans.


USS Buck (SP-1355)

The first USS "Buck" (SP-1355) was later renamed to USS "SP-1355". It was a tender that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1918.
"Buck" was built as a civilian motorboat in 1911. On 24 August 1917, the U.S. Navy acquired her under a free lease from the Conservation Commission of Maryland. She was used during World War I. She was commissioned as USS "Buck" (SP-1355) on 13 September 1917. 

Assigned to the 5th Naval District, "Buck" served as a tender at Norfolk, Virginia, for the remainder of World War I. She was renamed USS "SP-1355" in April 1918.

"SP-1355" was decommissioned late in 1918. The Navy returned her to Consevration Commission of Maryland on either 24 September 1918 or 27 November 1918.


Per &quot;Dead&quot; Ohlin

Per Yngve Ohlin (16 January 1969 – 8 April 1991) was a Swedish black metal musician best known for performing with the band Mayhem under the stage name Dead.

He was given the name "Dead" after a near-death experience when his spleen ruptured after being beat up by bullies and was clinically dead for a while. He became fascinated with death and dying afterwards and received his name.

He was also a founding member of the death metal band Morbid and performed with them on their "December Moon" demo.

He was described by Jan Axel "Hellhammer" Blomberg, the drummer for Mayhem, as being "a very strange personality ... depressed, melancholic, and dark" and guitarist Øystein 'Euronymous' Aarseth said "I honestly think Dead is mentally insane. Which other way can you describe a guy who does not eat, in order to get starving wounds? Or who has a T-shirt with funeral announcements on it?"

Dead's mental state began to take a turn for the worse due to his fascination with death and his social situation. Because of this, he would usually cut himself while performing on stage with either a broken bottle or a blade. Euronymous was fascinated with Dead's suicidal tendencies and would encourage Dead to kill himself often. Varg Vikernes sent shotgun shells to Dead in 1991. On 8 April 1991, In the house he shared with Euronymous, he slit his throat and wrists with a knife and then shot himself in the forehead with a shotgun. His suicide note said that he was sorry for shooting himself indoors and he ended the note with "Excuse all the blood". Euronymous returned home and had to climb through an open window because all the doors to the house were locked. He found Dead's body but before he called the police, he went to a nearby shop and bought a disposable camera which he used to photograph Dead's body after he moved around some of the items. He also kept some pieces of Dead's shattered skull. Hellhammer developed the pictures and Euronymous said that he would later destroy the pictures but he never did. He kept the pictures in an envelope at his record shop Helvete instead and sent one of the pictures to the owner of Warmaster Records which used the picture of Dead's body as the cover art for Mayhem's 1995 bootleg live album "Dawn of the Black Hearts". The other band members were disgusted at Euronymous' actions before and after Dead's death and Bassist Necrobutcher decided that he wasn't going to be friends with him anymore.

He was ranked #48 out of "50 of The Greatest Metal Frontmen of All Time" by Roadrunner Records.

Jōkyō calendar

, also called Teikyō-reki, was a Japanese lunisolar calendar ("genka reki"). It was used from 1684-1753. It was made official in 1685.

The "Jōkyō-reki" system was the work of Shibukawa Shunkai. He recognized that the length of the solar year is 365.2417 days.

Shirakawa discovered errors in the traditional Chinese calendar which had been in use for 800 years. This older system was also known as the "Semmyō" calendar or 'Semmei-reki". It was also known as the "Xuanming" calendar.



Jimmy Doolittle

General/Doctor James Harold "Jimmy" Doolittle, USAF (December 14, 1896 – September 27, 1993) was an American aviation pioneer. Doolittle served as an officer in the United States Army Air Forces during the Second World War. He earned the Medal of Honor for his valor and leadership as commander of the Doolittle Raid while a lieutenant colonel.

Doolittle was born in Alameda, California. He spent his youth in Nome, Alaska where he earned a reputation as a boxer. His parents were Frank Henry Doolittle and Rosa (Rose) Cerenah Shephard. By 1910, Jimmy Doolittle was attending school in Los Angeles. When his school attended the 1910 Los Angeles International Air Meet at Dominguez Field Doolittle saw his first airplane. He attended Los Angeles City College after graduating from Manual Arts High School in Los Angeles. He later won admission to the University of California, Berkeley where he studied in The School of Mines. He was a member of Theta Kappa Nu fraternity. Doolittle took a leave of absence in October 1917 to enlist in the Signal Corps Reserve as a flying cadet. He did his ground training at the University of California School of Military Aeronautics where he later received his doctorate. His flight-training was done at Rockwell Field, California. Doolittle received his Reserve Military Aviator rating. He was commissioned a first lieutenant in the Signal Officers Reserve Corps on March 11, 1918.

Citation:

For conspicuous leadership above the call of duty, involving personal valor and intrepidity at an extreme hazard to life. With the apparent certainty of being forced to land in enemy territory or to perish at sea, Gen. Doolittle personally led a squadron of Army bombers, manned by volunteer crews, in a highly destructive raid on the Japanese mainland.

Citation:

The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress July 9, 1918, takes pleasure in presenting the Army Distinguished Service Medal to Major General James Harold Doolittle (ASN: 0-271855), United States Army Air Forces, for exceptionally meritorious and distinguished services to the Government of the United States, in a duty of great responsibility as Commander of the Northwest African Strategic Air Force since its organization. Under his guidance and direction, this Force has developed a high degree of efficiency and accuracy and brought about, in great measure, a critical reduction in the supplies and reinforcements needed by the enemy. General Doolittle's energy, good judgment, exceptional qualities of leadership and wholehearted cooperation were primary factors in the ultimate success of air operations during the Tunisian Campaign.

1st Citation:

The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, July 2, 1926, takes pleasure in presenting the Distinguished Flying Cross to First Lieutenant (Air Service) James Harold Doolittle (ASN: 0-271855), U.S. Army Air Corps, for extraordinary achievement while participating in an aerial flight. On September 4–5, 1922, Lieutenant Doolittle accomplished a one-stop flight from Pablo Beach, Florida, to San Diego, California, in 22 hours and 30 minutes elapsed time, an extraordinary achievement with the equipment available at that time. By his skill, endurance, and resourcefulness he demonstrated the possibility of moving Air Corps units to any portion of the United States in less than 24 hours, thus reflecting great credit on himself and to the Army of the United States.

2nd Citation:
The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, July 2, 1926, takes pleasure in presenting a Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster in lieu of a Second Distinguished Flying Cross to First Lieutenant (Air Service) James Harold Doolittle (ASN: 0-271855), U.S. Army Air Corps, for extraordinary achievement while participating in an aerial flight. During March 1924, at McCook Field, Dayton, Ohio, Lieutenant Doolittle, piloting a Fokker PW-7 pursuit airplane, performed a series of acceleration tests requiring skill, initiative, endurance, and courage of the highest type. In these test a recording accelerometer was mounted in the airplane and the accelerations taken for the following maneuvers. Loops at various air speeds; single and multiple barrel rolls; power spirals; tail spins; power on and power off; half loop, half roll, and immelman turn; Inverted flight; pulling out of dive at various air speeds; flying the airplane on a level course with considerable angle of bank; and flying in bumpy air. In these test the airplane was put through the most extreme maneuvers possible in order that the flight loads imposed upon the wings of the airplane under extreme conditions of sir combat might, be ascertained. These test were put through with that fine combination of fearlessness and skill which constitutes the essence of distinguished flying. Through them scientific data of great and permanent importance to the Air Corps were obtained.

3rd Citation:
The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, July 2, 1926, takes pleasure in presenting a Second Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster in lieu of a Third Distinguished Flying Cross to Colonel (Air Corps) James Harold Doolittle (ASN: 0-271855), United States Army Air Forces, for extraordinary achievement as Pilot of a B-25 Bomber and Commanding Officer of the 1st Special Aviation Project (Doolittle Raider Force), while participating in a highly destructive raid on the Japanese mainland on April 18, 1942. Colonel Doolittle with 79 other officers and enlisted men volunteered for this mission knowing full well that the chances of survival were extremely remote, and executed his part in it with great skill and daring. This achievement reflects high credit on himself and the military service.

Citation:

The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress July 9, 1948, takes pleasure in presenting the Silver Star to Major General (Air Corps) James Harold Doolittle (ASN: 0-271855), United States Army Air Forces, for gallantry in action. Since February 19, 1943, when he took command of the Allied Strategic Air Force (Northwest Africa), General Doolittle, by his untiring energy, initiative and personal example has inspired the units under him to renewed successful efforts against the enemy. On April 5, 1943, the strategic air force was responsible for the destruction of forty eight enemy planes in the air and approximately 100 on the ground. This extraordinary achievement under the leadership of General Doolittle reflects great credit to himself and the armed forces of the United States.

Doolittle was also awarded the Bolivian Order of the Condor of the Andes, now in the collection of the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum.

In 1972 James H. Doolittle was awarded the Horatio Alger Award which is given to those who are dedicated community leaders who demonstrate individual initiative and a commitment to excellence; as exemplified by remarkable achievements accomplished through honesty, hard work, self-reliance and perseverance over adversity. The Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans, Inc. bears the name of the renowned author Horatio Alger, Jr., whose tales of overcoming adversity through unyielding perseverance and basic moral principles captivated the public in the late 19th century.

In April 1985, Doolittle was awarded a fourth star making him a full ranked general. He received the award from President Ronald Reagan and U.S. Senator Barry M. Goldwater.

The Society of Experimental Test Pilots annually presents the James H. Doolittle Award in his memory. The award is for "outstanding accomplishment in technical management or engineering achievement in aerospace technology".

The city of Doolittle, Missouri, located 5 miles west of Rolla was named in his honor after World War II.





Estonian

The word Estonian can mean:


Kansei calendar

The "Kansei-reki" system was the work of Takahashi Yoshitoki and Hazama Shigetomi.

Takahashi and Hazama used Western astronomy studies to modify the traditional calendar.



Tenpō calendar

The "Tenpō-reki" system was the work of Shibukawa Kagesuke. This was the last traditional calendar system created by Japanese astronomers and mathematicians.

The "Tenpō" calendar was set aside when Japan adopted the Western calendar in 1872 ("Meiji 5").



Jessica Andrews

Jessica Danielle Andrews (born December 29, 1983) is an American singer. She performs country music. Her first record "Heart Shaped World" was released in 1999. On April 7, 2001, her first and only number one single "Who I Am" reached the #1 spot in the country charts. She was born near Huntingdon, Tennessee.

Anna Wing

Anna Eva Lydia Catherine Wing, MBE (30 October 1914 - 7 July 2013) was an English actress. She is best known for playing Lou Beale on British television soap opera "EastEnders".

Wing was born on 30 October 1914 in Hackney, East London, England.

Wing is best known for playing the Lou Beale on "EastEnders" from the show's beginning in February 1985, until the character was killed off in July 1988.

In May 2005 Wing attended the British Soap Awards, where she presented June Brown with a lifetime achievement award for Brown's portrayal of Dot Branning in "EastEnders". In 2005, Wing was part of the cast of the short movie "Ex Memoria". She played Grandma in the 2007 movie "Son of Rambow".

In 2009, when Wing was 94, she worked on a short movie called "Numbers Up". The same year Wing was named Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours for her services to drama and charity.

Wing was married to Peter Davey from 1944 until they divorced in 1947. They had a son. After that, Philip O'Connor was her partner until his death in 1998. They had a son.

Wing lived in London, England during her final years. Wing died on the morning of 7 July 2013 in Hackney, East London, England from natural causes, aged 98.


Hōryaku calendar

The "Hōreki Kōjutsu Genreki" system was the work of Abe Yasukuni, Shibukawa Kōkyō, and Nishiyama Seikyū. 

Errors in the calendar were corrected in 1798, and in 1844 In 1872, the Western calendar was adopted.



Mikhail Kalashnikov

Mikhail Timofeyevich Kalashnikov (10 November 1919 – 23 December 2013) was a Russian designer who is known for designing the AK-47, AKM, and AK-74 assault rifles when he served in the Soviet Army during World War II. He had the rank of lieutenant general.

Kalashnikov was born on 10 November 1919 in Kuriya, Altai Krai, Russian SFSR. He served in World War II and created many weapons and bombs including the AK-47 and a submachine gun. He was married to Ekaterina Kalashnikova. They had three children, one of them was gun designer Victor Kalashnikov. He lived in Izhevsk, Udmurtia. 

On 17 November, Kalashnikov was hospitalized in an Udmurtian medical hospital for gastric hemorrhage. He died on the morning of 23 December, 2013 from the illness, aged 94.


Brenda Joyce

Brenda Joyce (February 25, 1917-July 4, 2009) was an American actress whose acting career was rather short, although memorable. She was in several movies, including "Thumbs Up", "The Rains Came" and several Tarzan movies. 

Joyce was born in Missouri. She died in California as a result of pneumonia. She was 92.

Inca Civil War

The Inca Civil War, the Inca Dynastic War, or the Inca War of Succession, was a civil war in the Inca Empire. It was fought between two brothers, Huáscar and Atahualpa, sons of Huayna Cápac, over who would be the next emperor. The war came after Huayna Capac's death in 1527, and lasted from 1529 until 1532. When their father died, the empire was divided between the two brothers. Huáscar got most part of it, with the capital Cusco. Atahualpa got the northern parts, including Quito.

Huáscar started the war because he saw himself as the rightful heir to the kingdom. Atahualpa proved to be a better war tactician than his brother, and commanded a much bigger army. The empire was reunited under Atahualpa in 1532, but he was executed by the Spanish less than a year later.

It was partly because of this civil war that the Spanish conquistadors, under Francisco Pizarro, were successful.


Cao Dai

Cao Dai (also Caodaism or Caodaiism) is a new religious movement founded in Vietnam. It mixes ideas from other religions.

Cao Đài is a syncretic, monotheistic religion officially established in the city of Tây Ninh, southern Vietnam in 1926. The religion combines Buddhism, Christianity, Taoism, Confucianism. The full name of the religion is Đại Đạo Tam Kỳ Phổ Độ (great religion of the third period of revelation and salvation).

Cao Dai uses ethical precepts from Confucianism, occult practices from Taoism, theories of Karma and Rebirth from Buddhism, and a hierarchical organization (including a Pope) from Christianity. Caodaiists (believers of Cao Dai) believe that the first disciples of the religion, Ngô Văn Chiêu, Cao Quỳnh Cư, Phạm Công Tắc and Cao Hoài Sang spoke to God and God spoke to them. God told them to establish a new religion that would commence the third era of religious amnesty. Because of this, Caodaiist credit God for founding their religion. The ultimate goal of a Caodaist is to rejoin with God the Father in Heaven and to break away from the cycle of rebirth and death. Women can only wear white dresses as they have to be pure, whereas men can wear colored clothing once they reach higher levels in the religion.

Cao Dai was established in the Vietnamese city of Tây Ninh in 1926. Cao Dai was granted legal recognition in 1997. Cao Dai was found by Ngô Văn Chiêu, Cao Quỳnh Cư, Phạm Công Tắc, and Cao Hoài. Caodaist believe God spoke to these people to establish a new religion. 

The name for God in Cao Dai is Cao Đài the Ancient Sage and Great Bodhisattva Mahasattva. Caodaiist believe God chose this title because it represents the Three Teachings: Saint, Sage, and Buddha.

 Cao Dai teaches that before God existed, there was Tao. Tao is the unchanging, nameless, formless, immortal source. Then the Big Bang occurred, and out of the Big Bang, God miraculously blessed us with his birth and was poured onto us from the universe (emanationism). The Universe could not be formed so Yin Yang were created by the Almighty himself. As Adam took one of his ribs to create Eve, God took control of yang and a part of himself, thereby creating the Goddess to assemble with yin. Now that the Union was completed, the Universe was formed. The Goddess, Holy Mother, is referred by Caodaiist as Mother Buddha. Cao Dai teaches that there are 36 levels of Heaven, and 72 planets having intelligent life. The first planet is closest to Heaven while number 72 is closest to Hell. Earth is number 68.

The three teachings of Cao Dai are:


Note: The top is believed to be the hardest to achieve while the bottom is believed to be the easiest to achieve.

The three teachings represent levels of spiritual attainment. In Cao Dai's teaching being a Buddha is the hardest to achieve. Cao Dai teaches that humans can develop into other beings. Humans can develop into: Thần (angel), Thánh (saint), Tiên (sage), and Phật (buddha). According to Cao Dai, everyone can turn into one of these beings. Angels, Saints, and Sages have extremely long lives in the realms of Heavens, but Buddhas are the only ones free from the cycle of birth and death.



According to Cao Dai teachings, God is at helm, he will not take human form as in the two past periods. Instead he sends his teachings through sacred seance ceremonies.

The three anchors (the three teachings) are:


 There are many Holy people from other religions. Some people from history are also venerated including: Buddha, Lao Tsu, Confucius, Guan Yin, Jesus, Sun Yat-sen, Victor Hugo, and many more.

These are the main scriptures of Cao Dai.


Other branches of Cao Dai have additional scriptures.

Cao Dai has an organizational structure similar to Catholicism. Cao Dai's hierarchy includes a Pope, cardinals, bishops, priest, etc. Cao Dai teaches equality between men and women, but women are not allowed to be Legislative Cardinal and Pope, the two highest positions in Cao Dai. The religion and church claims that God ordered this because Yang represents Male while Yin represents Female. Yin cannot dominate Yang or else Chaos will happen.

 In total there are about 6 officially recognized branches of Cao Dai. There are several others. The largest branch is based in Tây Ninh Province, where the religion was founded in 1926 and where the seat of Cao Đài authority is located. Some sects broke away from the Tây Ninh Holy See. The sects that broke away are Chiếu Minh, Bến Tre, and Đà Nẵng. Ngô Văn Chiêu founded Chiếu Minh. He left because he refused his appointment as Cao Dai's first Pope.

Cao Dai is the third largest religion in Vietnam after Buddhism and Roman Catholicism. Estimates of followers in Vietnam is about 2-6 million, or around 2%. Estimates of followers in other countries is about 30,000.


2051

2051 (MMLI) will be .




2050

2050 (MML) will be .









The Lover

The Lover is a 1992 French erotic drama movie. It is based on the 1984 novel of the same name. It is set in 1929 in Vietnam and is about a relationship between a 15 year old French girl and a Chinese man twice her age. It was originally tagged NC-17 by the MPAA. However, the producers of "The Lover" appealed and the rating was changed to R. When this was released into theaters, it received mixed reaction. Audiences praised it. American critics, however, gave negative reviews of this drama.

Rover (space exploration)

A rover is a vehicle that travels on the ground of a planet, moon, or other astronomical object. Some rovers carry people that drive them. Most are robots that can drive themselves for short distances, but humans on Earth give them directions each day about where to go and what to do. They are electric vehicles, either using solar power or nuclear power.


The only rovers to successfully land on Mars were sent there by NASA. They have special equipment on arms for testing the soil, taking pictures and doing other planetary science.


Camp Caves, Queensland

Camp Caves was a US Army training camp north of the city of Rockhampton, Queensland, Australia. It was built during World War Two. The army used the camp from September 1943 until early in 1944. It was one of several US training camps in the area including Camp Nerimbera, Camp Thompson’s Point, Camp Keppel Sands, Camp Yeppoon and Camp Wallaroo.

Camp Caves was the camp for the 24th Infantry Division. The division was also called the Hawaiian Division. It was called Camp Caves after the small town, The Caves, which was close to the campsite. The camp was along the side of the Bruce Highway. It included medical services, warehouses, ammunition dumps, landing strips, and a small arms firing range. Work on building the camp began in November 1942 but was soon stopped. It started again in July 1943. The camp was not used after March 1944.

Locksmith

A locksmith is a person who works with locks, keys and . Locksmithing is the profession of a locksmith.
Locksmiths fix broken locks, make keys, and install security systems like alarms.
In most countries locksmiths must follow a strict set of laws. In some countries locksmiths start as apprentices. In others, they must get a certificate or degree after training at a school or university.

Some countries such as the UK, there are no actual laws or rules as to who can become a locksmith, so many locksmiths choose to join a trade association to prove their proficiency and credentials.

Locksmiths commonly work with all types of locks. Other areas that locksmiths cover include , auto locksmithing, safes, and access control. These areas are specialist and require specialized training
One of the most commonly used metals that locksmiths use to make keys in Europe is steel. Locksmiths in the US, Australia, and New Zealand would use brass as their main material.

Mortise locks, commonly found on older buildings, are comprised of a pocket that is cut into the door (or other piece of furniture) to which the lock will be fitted. These locks were used before the arrival of bored cylindrical locks.
Automotive locksmith can help out with getting a new keys made for a car. They can also make duplicate keys and push-to-start key fobs. Usually automotive locksmiths are mobile, and they get to their customers by driving to them.

Peter Sutcliffe

Peter William Sutcliffe (2 June 1946 – 13 November 2020) was a British serial killer known as the Yorkshire Ripper. He was born in Bingley, West Riding of Yorkshire. In 1981, he was convicted of murdering thirteen women and attempting to murder seven others. He was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia. He served a twenty sentences of life imprisonment in Broadmoor High Security Hospital.

Sutcliffe married Sonia Szurma 10 August 1974. They lived together in Heaton, Bradford.

Sutcliffe died on 13 November 2020 while in prison in Durham from COVID-19, aged 74.

Kenneth Walker

Brigadier General Kenneth Newton Walker (17 July 1898 – 5 January 1943) was a United States Army aviator. He was also a United States Army Air Forces general who had a significant influence on the development of airpower doctrine. He posthumously received the Medal of Honor in World War II.

Walker joined the United States Army in 1917. It was after the American entry into World War I. He trained as an aviator and became a flying instructor. In 1920 and after the end of the war, he received a commission in the Regular Army. After service in various capacities he graduated from the Air Corps Tactical School in 1929. Then he served as an instructor there. He supported the creation of a separate air organization for strategic bombardment. He published articles on the subject and becoming part of a clique known as the "Bomber Mafia". They argued for bombers over other forms of military aviation.

Even after he was promoted to Brigadier General, Walker frequently flew combat missions over New Guinea. For this he received the Silver Star. On 5 January 1943, he was shot down and killed leading a daylight bombing raid over Rabaul. It was for this action he was awarded the Medal of Honor.

In January 1948, Roswell Army Air Field in Roswell, New Mexico, was renamed Walker Air Force Base in honor of Walker. The base was closed on 30 June 1967. Walker Hall and its Walker Air Power Room are at Maxwell Air Force Base. They are also named after him. It is the home of the Air Force Doctrine Development and Education Center. The Walker Papers is an Air Force Fellows program. It annually honors the top three research papers produced by Air Force Fellows with the Walker Series award. The Walker Series recognizes the contributions each Fellow has made to research supporting air and space power and its use in the implementation of US strategic policy.



Kate Bosworth

Kate Bosworth (born January 2, 1983) is an American actress. She played Lois Lane in "Superman Returns". She was born in Los Angeles and was raised in Connecticut.

Division of Banks

The Division of Banks is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. It was set up in 1949. It is named for Sir Joseph Banks, the British scientist who accompanied James Cook on his voyage to Australia in 1770. 

The division of Banks is covers the south-western suburbs of Sydney. It includes Allawah, Blakehurst, Connells Point, Hurstville, Hurstville Grove, South Hurstville, Kyle Bay, Lugarno, Mortdale, Oatley, Padstow Heights, Peakhurst, Peakhurst Heights, and Penshurst, and parts of Bankstown, Beverly Hills, Carlton, Kingsgrove, Narwee, Padstow, Punchbowl, Revesby and Riverwood.

Daryl Melham was the chairman of the ALP caucus from 2004 until 2012.


Tia Carrere

Tia Carrere (born January 2, 1967) is an American movie and television performer. Her career was launched around 1985. She was born in Honolulu, Hawaii to Filipino parents. Her notable movies include the 1992 comedy "Wayne's World". She began her career with the TV series "Airwolf". Other television shows and movies followed. In 2006, she was a contestant on the show "Dancing with the Stars".

Carrere was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. 

Ferromagnetism

Ferromagnetism is a property of many materials like iron. They are magnets, so they are attracted to, or pulled towards other magnets. In physics, there are many different types of magnetism. Ferromagnetism is the strongest one. It is used every day in many technological objects, like television screens, credit cards and refrigerators.

Ferromagnets are materials that have some magnetization on their own. This means that at a temperature of absolute zero and without any magnetic field from other objects, they are still magnetic. The reason for this is that the electrons in a material have a spin. In ferromagnetic materials, the electrons like to have all the spins going one way, giving some magnetism. Usually, as the temperature is increased, the magnetization goes down. This is because the high temperature causes the electrons in the material to move around a bit more. They do not have the spins perfectly going in the same way anymore. The point at which there is no magnetization anymore is called the Curie temperature. This changes with different materials.

Some materials that are ferromagnets are: iron, cobalt, nickel. Hematite is also ferromagnetic but only above a certain temperature.


Division of Barton

The Division of Barton is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. It was created in 1922 and is named for Sir Edmund Barton, the first Prime Minister of Australia. 

It includes the inner suburbs of Arncliffe, Banksia, Bardwell Valley, Beverley Park, Bexley, Bexley North, Brighton-Le-Sands, Carss Park, Dolls Point, Kogarah, Kogarah Bay, Kyeemagh, Monterey, Ramsgate, Ramsgate Beach, Rockdale, Sandringham, Sans Souci, Turrella and Wolli Creek and parts of Beverly Hills, Carlton, Earlwood and Kingsgrove.

Dr H. V. Evatt was the Leader of the ALP 1951–60. Evatt nearly lost the seat in 1951 and 1955, and in 1958 he moved to the safe seat of Hunter.

The first member for Barton was Labor's Frederick McDonald. He disappeared after his 1925 defeat by Nationalist Thomas Ley. It is now believed that Ley had him murdered. Ley was later found to be insane and died in Broadmoor Asylum in Britain. Robert McClelland, was Australia's Attorney-General. Linda Burney is the first Indigenous Australian woman elected to the Australian parliament.



David Jalbert

David Jalbert (born May 5, 1980) is a Canadian folk musician and singer-songwriter. He is from Mascouche, Québec. He plays guitar and sings.

David Jalbert grew up in Mascouche, more precisely in the Domaine Lac Samson. His father is a guitarist. This influenced his lifestyle. Jalbert became fascinated with music when he was very young. During elementary school, his passion developed gradually. His parents put him in various competitions and he loved this artist lifestyle. When he was a child, he was inspired by The Colocs, C.C.R, The Beatles, Plume Latraverse, Jonh Mellencamp, Beau Dommage and Bob Dylan.

In 1994, Jalbert joined a band of three. The group was called Big Joe, and they played punk rock music. After that, he focused on his studies to finish school and to later be able to get a job. Meanwhile, he continued to write and compose songs. 

In 2000, Jalbert again played music in several competitions. In 2004, he played in the Mascouche competition "MusiQualité", where he won two prizes. The first one was public's choice and the second one was jury's choice. Through various competitions, he had professional encounters with Yves Marchand, Charles Dubé and the producer Alain Dupuis. They helped him to prepare his first album called "Des histoires". They chose thirteen titles from amongst thirty songs. The album was launched on April 15, 2008. He started playing concerts to promote the album on August 26, 2008, during the "FrancoFolies" of Montreal. It was followed by a tour through the Québec.

The song "Souvenir d’enfance" was the most successful song from the album. It became popular on the radio, and it was used in a McDonald's advertisement. His creative director, Mathieu Dandurand won the prize for production of the year at the gala of Terre-Neuve. Jalbert was nominated for two categories for French songwriters (he was nominated again in those categories in 2010). His second prize was for the "Artiste de la relève". He got the most nomination of any artist in the year. In 2009, he played in the "Studio-Théâtre de la Place des arts" three times and many other times in the "Cabaret juste pour rire".

The song "Raison" was the second most successful from the album. It was more successful with critics than Jalbert thought it would be. "L’aveugle" was the third radio hit. By autumn 2009, there were three music videos, forty shows and more than 15,000 albums were sold.

On May 4, 2010, Jalbert released his second studio album "Le journal". It contained the hit songs "Voyage", "Le journal", "P’tit homme", "Rendez-vous" and "Y'a pu une once". The song "Voyage" was a commercial success, and was at the top of the charts of major stations in Montreal and Québec. The song "P’tit homme" was written for Jalbert's son Félix. Later in 2010, Jalbert was invited on the TV show "Salut Bonjour" for a cultural chronic, and he played in the park Philippe-Villeneuve during the National Day festivities. In addition, he won a prize of the "Socan" for his popular song "Voyage", which was among the list of top ten pop songs most popular in 2010.

For the first time in his career, in 2011, he was nominated for best contemporary folk album at the ADISQ awards, for his album named "Le journal". The album was critically acclaimed, and is Jalbert's most commercially successful album to date. With "Des histoires" and "Le journal", Jalbert has sold over 25,000 albums. His tour show for "Le journal" was sold out. There was a second concert at the "Lion d’Or" in Montreal.

On September 18, 2012, Jalbert released his third album, "Y’a pas de bon silence". This contained the popular song "Hey Jack!", which was song dedicated to his son Jacob. This album was the fourth best selling French album in 2012, with over 2,500 albums sold since its release.

Later in 2012, Jalbert joined a project called "Fondation Dédé Fortin". His song "Ma mère disait" was part of the campaign against suicide, which is an initiative of the Quebec Associtation for Suicide Prevention with the support of psychologists of Quebec.







Genka calendar

, also known as "Yuan-chia li" or "Yuan-jia li", was a Japanese lunisolar calendar ("genka reki"). It was used from 604 to 696.

The calendar was created in 425 during the "Genka" era in Chinese history.

The "Genka-reki" system was brought to Japan from Korea by a Buddhist monk. The earliest record of this calendar in Japan is in the 10th month of the 10th year of the reign of Empress Suiko (602).

Dates in the "Nihon Shoki" before the late 7th century were likely recorded using the "Genka" calendar system.



Semmyō calendar

, also known as "Semmei-reki" or "Xuanming li", was a Japanese lunisolar calendar ("genka reki"). It was used from the late-9th century to the late-17th century.

The "Semmyō-reki" or "Semmei-reki" system corrected errors in earlier calendars which were developed in China. It was the work of Shibukawa Shunkai and Shikokawa Kōkyō.

The earliest record of this calendar is in the 8th month of the 3rd year of "Jōgan" (861) during the reign of the Emperor Seiwa.



Gihō calendar

, also known as "Yi-feng li" or "Rentoku-reki", was a Japanese lunisolar calendar ("genka reki").

The calendar was created in China. It was first used in the "Rintoku" era during the Tang Dynasty..

The "Gihō-reki" system was brought from Korea to Japan in "Yi-feng" era (676-678) of the reign of Emperor Gaozong of Tang. This calendar corrected errors in the "Yuan-jia li" (Genka calendar) which was developed in China. For a short time, both "Genka" and "Gihō" calendars were in use.



Oestrous cycle

The oestrous cycle (U.S: estrous cycle) is the reproductive system in most mammals.

Reproductive hormones cause the cycles to start after puberty in sexually mature females. They are interrupted by non-breeding phases or by pregnancies. Usually estrous cycles continue until death.

Mammals share the same reproductive system, including the regulatory hypothalamic system that releases gonadotropin-releasing hormone in pulses, the pituitary that secretes follicle-stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone, and the ovary itself releases sex hormones like estrogens and progesterone.

However, species vary in the details. One difference is that animals that have oestrous cycles reabsorb the endometrium if conception does not occur during that cycle. Animals that have menstrual cycles shed the endometrium through menstruation instead.

Another difference is sexual activity. In species with oestrous cycles, females are generally only sexually active during the oestrus phase of their cycle. This is referred to as being 'in heat'.

In contrast, females of species with menstrual cycles can be sexually active at any time in their cycle, even when they are not about to ovulate. Humans and some other primates, do not have any obvious external signs to signal when ovulation occurs (concealed ovulation). Recent research suggests that women tend to have more sexual thoughts and are more prone to sexual activity right before ovulation (estrus). Nevertheless, this is nothing as obvious as the frenzy which other mammals show during 'heat'.

Taien calendar

, also known as "Daien" or "Daiyan" or "Dayan" calendar, was a Japanese lunisolar calendar ("genka reki"). It was developed in China; and it was used in Japan from about 746 to 857.

The calendar was created in China. It was first used in the 17th year of the "Kaigen" era during the Tang Dynasty.

The "Taien-reki" system corrected errors in the Genka calendar and Gihō calendar which were used in Japan in the first half of the 8th century. It was the work of Yixing, who was a Chinese astronomer.



Veronique Cloutier

Veronique Cloutier (born December 31, 1974 in Montreal, Quebec) is a TV and radio presenter from Quebec. She is the daughter of Carole Fullum and Guy Cloutier. She is married to Louis Morissette since June 30th 2012. They have three children.

She is a host for radio and a TV shows. In 1993, she got a job at Musique Plus. After that, she quit Musique Plus to work at Radio-Canada. In 1998, she had more than 1 200 000 viewers of her TV show named La Fureur every week. She presented La Fureur for five seasons. After that, she hosted many shows such as the ‘’Gala de l’ADISQ’’, ‘’Stars à domicile’’, ‘’La fureur de Céline’’, ‘’Ceci n’est pas un Bye Bye’’. From 2007 to 2009, she hosted a quiz show called ‘’Paquet Voleur’’. Since 2010, she works on her talk show ‘’Les enfants de la télé’’ and she also worked on the 2010 and 2011 ‘’Bye Bye’’.

She started in 1994 on the radio with ‘’Le choix de Montréal’’ on CKMF Radio Energie. In September 2004, she started a new show at Rythme FM called ‘’Les midis de Vero’’. On May 2011, she celebrated her 1000th show. Veronique Cloutier is also an actress. She played in her first movie, ‘’Les dangereux’’, in 2002. In 2004, she became president of her father’s productions which she renamed Novem Communications. She was in the business until 2009 when she decided to spend more time with her family. She also had a career as a spokeswoman. From 2000 to 2006, she represented ‘’Suzuki’’. In 2006, she was a speaker for ‘’Monnaie royale canadienne’’ and ‘’Fondation de l’hôpital Sainte-Justine’’. In 2010, her clothes collection went on the market in l’Aubainerie stores. In 2012, she associated herself with Jouviance as a beauty products ambassadress. Veronique is also active on social networks such as Facebook or Twitter.


Luteinizing hormone

Luteinizing hormone (LH, lutropin or lutrophin) is a sex hormone produced by gonadotroph cells in the anterior pituitary gland. 

In females, an LH surge triggers ovulation and development of the corpus luteum (a temporary endocrine structure in female mammals that promotes relatively high levels of progesterone). In males, where LH had also been called interstitial cell–stimulating hormone (ICSH), it stimulates Leydig cell production of testosterone. It acts synergistically with Follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH).

The detection of a surge in luteinising hormone shows ovulation will soon happen. LH can be detected by urinary test kits. Tests are done daily, round the time ovulation is expected. A swing from a negative to a positive reading suggests that ovulation will occur in 24–48 hours. The women has two days to engage in sexual intercourse or artificial insemination with the intentions of conceiving.

Tests may be read manually using a colour-change paper strip, or digitally with the assistance of reading electronics.


Goki calendar

, also known as "Wuji li", was a Japanese lunisolar calendar ("genka reki"). It was developed in China; and it was used in Japan in the mid-9th century.

The "Goki-reki" system corrected errors in the Taien calendar which was used in Japan in the first half of the 9th century. The corrections were the work of Akasuga Manomaro.



Thomas Ley

Thomas John Ley (28 October 1880 – 29 July 1947) was an Australian politician. He was convicted of murder in England. He was probably involved in the deaths of three people in Australia.

Ley was born in Bath, England. His father died in 1882 and his mother moved the family to Australia in 1886. He attended Crown Street Public School in Sydney until he was ten. He then worked as an assistant in his mother's grocery store. He learnt shorthand, he became a junior clerk-stenographer in a solicitor's office at 14. He married Emily Louisa (known as "Lewie") Vernon in 1898, the year she came to Australia from England. Both husband and wife were active in politics. She was part of the international suffrage movement. He became a state (New South Wales) and federal politician from 1917 to 1928.

Ley served in the lower house of the New South Wales parliament (1917–25) as member for Hurstville from 1917 to 1920, representing the Nationalist Party of Australia. He then was member for St George from 1920 to 1925, representing the Progressive Party from 1920 to 1922. The Progressive Party supported proportional representation, which the state adopted in 1919. Both his electorates were in Sydney's southern suburbs.

As a teetotaller, Ley was given the nickname "Lemonade Ley". The Temperance Movement was angry when he supported laws which made it easier to sell alcohol. They found out later he was being paid by the breweries. He was still made the New South Wales' Minister for Justice from 1922 to 1925. He gained a reputation for harsh decisions.

Shortly after he became Minister for Justice, Ley made an official visit to Western Australia. He met Maggie Evelyn Brook, a magistrate's wife. After the magistrate died, Ley acted for her and her daughter in various financial and legal matters. She later became his mistress.

In 1925, Ley was elected as the Nationalist Party of Australia member for Barton in the federal House of Representatives. Other party members began to have doubts about him after the election. He was not given a federal ministry. This would normally have been expected for a man who had been a state government minister.

During the 1925 election, Ley had tried to bribe his ALP opponent, Frederick McDonald. McDonald also said that Ley had offered him a £2000 share in a property at Sydney's Kings Cross in return for withdrawing from the election. Ley won the election, and McDonald took legal action. McDonald disappeared and has never been seen again. Because McDonald could not give evidence in court, the legal action against Ley was dropped.

McDonald's disappearance may have been a coincidence. But in 1927, Hyman Goldstein, the member for Coogee in the NSW parliament's lower house, was found dead after falling from "Suicide Point" on the cliffs of Coogee. Goldstein had lost money in a business run by Ley and had made comments about him. A group of businessmen were concerned by Ley's business dealings. Many people lost money when Ley's company, SOS Prickly Pear Poisons Ltd, closed. Ley had sold his shares days before it closed and made a lot of money. Keith Greedor, who had worked with Ley, was asked to investigate. On his way to Newcastle by boat, Greedor fell overboard and drowned.

After his defeat in the 1928 election, Ley returned to England. He took Maggie Brook, his mistress of several years, leaving his wife in Australia.

Little is recorded of Ley's life during the 1930s. He again became involved in dubious business ventures, and during World War II he was arrested and convicted for black marketeering.

In 1946 Maggie Brook was living in Wimbledon, and Ley had his house at 5 Beaufort Gardens, London, converted into flats. Ley thought Brook and a barman called John McMain Mudie were lovers. Ley told two of his workers that Mudie was a blackmailer. They tortured and killed him. The case became known as the "Chalk-pit Murder" because Mudie's body was dumped in a Surrey chalk-pit.

With Lawrence John Smith, Ley was tried at the Old Bailey, and both were sentenced to death in March 1947. However, Smith's sentence was changed to life imprisonment. Ley was found to be insane and was sent to Broadmoor Asylum for the Criminally Insane. There he died soon after. He is said to have been the wealthiest person ever to be a Broadmoor prisoner.

Ley's wife had followed him to England in 1942. From Broadmoor, Ley wrote letters and poems and protested his innocence to his wife and children. After his death, Lewie Ley returned to Australia. She died at Bowral, New South Wales, in 1956.



Shahpuri dialect

Shahpuri is a Punjabi dialect spoken in central-western regions of the Pakistani province of Punjab. It is, alongside Jhangochi, referred to, sometimes, as one of the oldest dialects of the Punjabi language. It is spoken in the Sargodha Division of Pakistani Punjab. 

Its name is derived from the former Shahpur District (now Shahpur Tehsil, part of Sargodha District). 

This dialect has great proximity and is transitional with Majhi. The dialect is spoken with accents corresponding to its neighbouring dialects, but has several aspects that set it apart from other Punjabi dialects.

It is spoken throughout a widespread area, mainly spoken in Sragodha and Khushab districts and also in neighbouring Mianwali, Mandi Bahuddin and Bhakkar districts; on the eastern end of the Indus River to the Jhelum River and to the western end of the Chenab River.

The dialect is spoken, in majority, within two districts of the Punjab province of Pakistan, while it is also spoken in parts of neighboring districts.


Kerning

In typography, kerning is changing the distance between two letters to make the text easier to read. Usually, this means that letters look equally spaced, and two letters are never too close together or too far apart. If two letters are too close together or too far apart that would make it difficult to read the plain text message.

The purpose of kerning, and most other typography is to make the printed or screen text more legible, that is, easier to read, and also more attractive. 

A related idea is typographic ligature. This is when two letters are formed so they fit together. In traditional metal type printing, ligatures were formed from lead in certain pairs. It is basically the same idea as kerning, but done automatically.
P.M. Dawn

P.M. Dawn are an American Hip hop-R&B duo from Jersey City, New Jersey. The duo consists of Prince Be, Doc.G. and K-R.O.K.

The band was created in 1988 by brothers Attrell Cordes (Prince Be) and former member Jarrett Cordes (DJ Minutemix). Attrell and Jarrett's father died when they were young so they were raised by their mother and step father George Brown, who was a founding member of Kool & The Gang. "Set Adrift on Memory Bliss" from their debut album "Of the Heart, of the Soul and of the Cross: The Utopian Experience" is one of their best known songs and reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 as well as #3 on the United Kingdom. 

Prince Be suffered a massive stroke in early 2005 and had a second stroke which caused a gangrenous infection in his right leg on February 12, 2009. His leg had to be amputated below the kneecap because of a result of the infection.



Bogor Regency

Bogor Regency (Indonesian: "Kabupaten Bogor") is a regency ("kabupaten") of West Java, Indonesia. It is south of Jakarta. Bogor covers an area of . It is considered a suburban area. In 2020, 5,427,068 people lived there. Its administration is located in Cibinong.

Bogor is bordered to the north by Tangerang Regency, the cities of South Tangerang, Depok and Bekasi, and Bekasi Regency. Sukabumi Regency borders it to the south. To the south east is Cianjur Regency. Karawang Regency is to the east of it. It fully encircles Bogor City which is administratively separate of the regency. It is bordered by Lebak Regency (in Banten Province) to the west.

The area has had a large amount of population growth. Two areas which were a part the regency in the past have been split off as cities. On 20 April 1999, the city of Depok joined with some districts of Bogor Regency to form an the city of Depok. It is independent of the regency. Bogor Regency is the most populous regency in Indonesia.

Bagh-e-Jinnah

Bagh-e-Jinnah (used to be called Lawrence Gardens) is a large park in Lahore, Pakistan. It includes a botanical garden and other popular facilities, which were made during the British Raj. The Gardens were originally named after Sir John Lawrence, who was the first Lieutenant-Governor of the Punjab and who did much to develop the city of Lahore in colonial times. 

After Pakistan's independence, some people demanded that the Gardens be renamed with a more 'patriotic' name so during the 1980s, their name was finally changed to "Bagh i Jinnah" (Jinnah's Gardens), after Muhammad Ali Jinnah, founder of the country. However, many people in Lahore still continue to call the Gardens as 'Lawrence Gardens', for the sake of historical accuracy. 

Grafting

Grafting or graftage is a technique used in horticulture that consists of taking tissues from one plant and putting them onto another plant. The two plants will then grow together. The technique is a type of vegetative reproduction. Grafting is commonly used with roses, and fruit trees. It only works with dicots and gymnosperms, and not with monocots. Monocots do not have a vascular cambium, which is needed for the process to work. There are several different methods of grafting; each method has its advantages and drawbacks. 

Ivanhoe

Ivanhoe is a historical romantic novel set around the reign of Richard I of England. It was written by Scottish author Walter Scott. It was first printed in 1820. A 1952 movie version of the story starred Robert Taylor, Elizabeth Taylor, and Joan Fontaine.


American Forces Press Service

The American Forces Press Service (AFPS) is the news service provided by the Defense Media Activity (formerly the American Forces Information Service). It is part of the United States Department of Defense. It supplies news stories that relate to the activities of U.S. military forces around the world.


Pulpurru Davies

Pulpurru Davies is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. Most of her early life was spent living nomadically in the desert, until she and her family were settled at Warburton in the late 1960s. Part of her life in the bush was featured in the documentary "People of the Australian Western Desert" (1966). She has since become one of the earliest and most successful Ngaanyatjarra artists.

Pulpurru was born around the early 1940s. She was born near Yankaltjunku, a rockhole in the northeast Gibson Desert. Her family belong to the Ngaanyatjarra people, for whom Yankaltjunku is a sacred place. Pulpurru grew up living a traditional, nomadic way of life in the desert with her family. They moved from waterhole to waterhole in their traditional country. They lived this way up until the 1960s, by which time they were one of the last groups of nomadic people in Australia.

By the mid-1960s, Pulpurru's family were camped at Patjarr, which was only a rockhole at the time. They had been forced to stay in one place because of several years of drought, and Patjarr usually had a reliable supply of water. While they were living there, an English anthropologist named Ian Dunlop came and filmed the family in their daily routines. It was later made into a documentary, titled "People of the Australian Western Desert" (1966), produced by the Australian Commonwealth Film Unit. Pulpurru was an adult by that time.

Like most other Ngaanyatjarra groups, Pulpurru and her family were moved out of the desert to settle at Warburton. They were brought there by government patrol officers in the late 1960s. At Warburton, Davies worked several domestic jobs. It was at Warburton that Davies began working in arts and crafts, at the Warburton Arts Project. Alongside other women, she learned to paint using modern Western techniques and how to make glasswork designs.

In the early 1990s, a road was built out to Patjarr, and Davies and her family returned to establish a permanent community there (Karilywara). This is where Davies now lives and paints. She paints for Kayili Artists, the community artists' co-operative.

Davies paints events and stories from her country, and the Dreaming legends associated with it. Places often depicted in her paintings are Yankaltjunku (where she was born), Kiwarr (where her family used to dig for water), and Mirra Mirra (where one of Pulpurru's sons was born). She works with paints, "tjanpi" (grass weaving) and "punu" (wood carving).

Davies' work has been exhibited across Australia since 1990. It was first shown overseas in 1998, as part of a group exhibition at the Australian High Commission in Kuala Lumpur. She also had work featured in a major group exhibition in China in 2011 (called "Tu Di – Shen Ti" / "Our Land – Our Body").

In 2007, one of her paintings, titled "Kiwarr", was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award (NATSIAA). It was eventually bought by the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory as part of its NATSIAA collection. Other of Davies' work are held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art, the National Museum of Australia, and the of the University of Virginia. Some of her paintings are also displayed in the State Paraliament building of Western Australia, and in a few major private galleries in Germany and the United States.


John Hemmingham

John Hemmingham (born 26 February 1963) is an association football fan and football administrator from Sheffield, England. He is best known as the leader and trumpet player of the Pukka Pies England Band.

Hemmingham started playing music at football matches in 1993 when he took a bugle to a Sheffield Wednesday match away at Everton's Goodison Park and played the fanfare to Aida.

2052

2052 (MMLII) will be .





Breuil-Cervinia

Breuil-Cervinia is a village in the Valle d'Aosta region of Italy. It is famous for its ski resort, which has a link to the one in Zermatt, Switzerland. 

Breuil-Cervinia is a "frazione" of the "comune" of Valtournenche. It is at 2,006 m above sea level. It stands below the Matterhorn (in Italian: "Cervino", in French: "Cervin"). The name of the village comes from "Breuil", which is the French name of the valley where the village is, and "Cervinia" from the Italian name of the Matterhorn. The FIBT bobsleigh world championships took place here for three years: 1971, 1975 and 1985. The Giro d'Italia also had a stage (a day of racing) finishing here for three times: 1960, 1997 and 2012.


Aosta

Aosta (, ) is a city in northern Italy. It is the capital city of the Valle d'Aosta () region. It is roughly in the middle of the region, along the Dora Baltea (), the main river that flows in the valley. It is at 583 m above sea level. Around the city there are many mountains (the Alps).

Romans conquered the area in 25 BC. Later, the city was conquered by the Frankish Empire after the fall of the Western Roman Empire. Finally, it went under control of the House of Savoy in the 11th century. Many Roman buildings still survive in the city, like the east and south gates. The basic plan of the city, with rectangular blocks of streets, is Roman.

The valley of Aosta is a typical alpine valley, cut into a V-shape by glaciers during the ice age. It runs from an upper part near Mont Blanc to lower areas like the city of Aosta.

The area has been Roman, French and Italian (House of Savoy) before the unification of Italy. All street names are in French and Italian, and dialects of French are still spoken by many.

The Romans defeated the local "Salassi" tribe in 25 BC. Their commander, Marcus Terentius Varro, then founded the Roman colony of "Augusta Praetoria Salassorum", housing 3,000 retired veterans.

After 11 BC Aosta became the capital of the "Alpes Graies" ("Grey Alps") province of the Empire.

Aosta is at the join of two rivers. It is at the end of the Great St Bernard Pass (which leads to Switzerland) and the Little St Bernard Pass (which leads to France). Its position gave it considerable military importance, and the layout of the town was that of a Roman military camp.

The valley was a way for trade and soldiers to get from Italy to Gaul (later, France). This explains its importance to the Romans. Now it sits near the Italian entrance of the Mont Blanc Tunnel.

At present Aosta Valley is a semi-autonomous region in northwestern Italy. It is the smallest region in Italy, and is not divided into provinces.

Aostan French () is the variety of French spoken in the Aosta Valley, where many speak some form of French. Some expressions, words and phrase constructions are different from standard French; some are similar to Swiss French. Some words come from the Piedmontese language or Italian. Both modern French and Italian mix with this local "patois", "valdôtain", which is Franco-Provençal in type.


Goryōkaku

Goryōkaku was designed in 1855 by Takeda Hisaburō. His plan was based on the work of the French architect Vauban. The fort is shaped like a five-pointed star. This allowed for greater numbers of gun emplacements on its walls than a traditional Japanese fortress, and reduced the number of blind spots where a cannon could not fire.

The fort was built by the Tokugawa shogunate to protect the Tsugaru Strait against a possible invasion by the Russian fleet. 

Goryōkaku is famous as the site of the last battle of the Boshin War ("Goryōkaku no Tatakai"). The fighting lasted for a week (June 20-27 1869).


Sankagiri

Sankagiri or Sangagiri () is a panchayat town. It is in the Salem district of Tamil Nadu. It is on the National highway 47.

Sankagiri Fort is a historical fort. It is maintained by the Archaeological Survey of India. Sankagiri Fort was built in the 15th century. It was built by the Vijayanagar empire. It has 14 fort walls built on and around a hill. The last phase of these walls were built by the British.

Man of Steel

Man of Steel may refer to:

The Lego Movie

The LEGO Movie is a 2014 Warner Bros. animated comedy adventure movie. The movie was released on February 7, 2014.

Based on the Lego line of construction toys, the movie tells the story of an ordinary Lego mini-figure prophesied to save the Lego universe from the tyrannical Lord Business, who plans to use the Kragle to end the world.

It was released theatrically on February 7, 2014. The movie was a critical and commercial success, with many critics highlighting its visual style, humor, voice acting, and heartwarming message. It earned more than $257 million in North America and $210 million in other territories for a worldwide total of over $467 million.

The sequel, "" was released on February 8, 2019.

In the Lego universe, the wizard Vitruvius attempts to protect a superweapon called the "Kragle" from the evil criminal mastermind Lord Business. He fails to do so but prophesies that a person called "the Special" will find the Piece of Resistance capable of stopping the Kragle.

Eight and a half years later, an ordinary construction worker named Emmet Brickowski from Bricksburg, a city-run as a corporate state under the Octan Corporation, comes across a woman named Wyldstyle who searches for something after hours at Emmet's construction site. When he investigates, Emmet falls into a hole and finds the Piece of Resistance. Compelled to touch it, Emmet experiences vivid visions and passes out. He awakens with the Piece of Resistance attached to his back in the custody of Bad Cop, Business' lieutenant. There, Emmet learns of Business' plans to freeze the world with the Kragle, revealed to be a tube of Krazy Glue with the label partially rubbed out.

Wyldstyle rescues Emmet and takes him to meet Vitruvius in The Old West, explaining that they are Master Builders, people capable of building anything they need without instruction manuals. She further explains that most of them are incarcerated due to businesses' disapproval of such anarchic creativity. Though disappointed to find Emmet displays no creativity, Wyldstyle and Vitruvius are convinced of his potential when he recalls visions of a gargantuan humanoid deity called "the Man Upstairs". Meanwhile, Business, dissatisfied that Emmet had escaped, has Bad Cop come to his office and makes him freeze his own parents in order to make sure that he remains committed to his plan. Upset at Bad Cop's refusal to do so, Business erases Bad Cop's "Good Cop" face, which served as his conscience.

Emmet, Wyldstyle, and Vitruvius evade Bad Cop's forces with the aid of Wyldstyle's boyfriend, the superhero Batman, and go to Cloud Cuckoo Land, home of Princess Unikitty. They attend to a council of the remaining Master Builders, who are unimpressed with Emmet and refuse to fight Business. Bad Cop's forces attack and capture all the Master Builders except for Emmet, Wyldstyle, Vitruvius, Batman, Princess Unikitty, and a "1980-something space guy" named Benny.

After being rescued by a pirate named Metal Beard, Emmet devises a team plan to infiltrate Business' headquarters to rescue the Master Builders and disarm the Kragle. During a quiet moment, Wyldstyle and Emmet bond, and Wyldstyle reveals that her real name is Lucy. However, Emmet and his allies are all captured and imprisoned, and Vitruvius is killed with a coin thrown by Lord Business. With his dying words, Vitruvius reveals to Emmet that he had made up the prophecy. Business throws the Piece of Resistance off the edge of the universe, programs the prison to electrocute all the Master Builders, and leaves them (and Bad Cop) to die. As the execution timer counts down, Vitruvius' ghost appears and tells Emmet that it was not the prophecy, but the self-belief that made him the Special. Tied to the execution mechanism's battery, Emmet flings himself off the edge of the universe to save his friends, who escape further danger with the aid of a newly-reformed Bad Cop. Inspired by Emmet's sacrifice, Lucy rallies the Lego people across the universe to use whatever creativity they have to build machines and weapons to fight Business forces, with the Master Builders leading the charge.

Emmet finds himself alive and in the real world, where the events of the story are being played out within the imagination of a boy named Finn on his father's Lego set. He's an arrogant and selfish father — now revealed as "the Man Upstairs" — is jealous of his son ruining the set by creating hodgepodges of different playsets, and attempts to permanently glue his "perfect" creations together back to their normal forms. Realizing the danger his friends are in, Emmet moves off the table and gains Finn's attention. Finn returns Emmet and the Piece of Resistance to the set where Emmet, now possessing the powers of a Master Builder due to his belief in himself, confronts Lord Business.

Meanwhile, Finn's father becomes shocked by his son's creations and discovers that Finn had based the villainous Lord Business on him and his meaningless greedy perfectionism, due to him "believing" that LEGO constructions are only for adults. Through a speech Emmet gives Business, Finn tells his father that "he" is special and has the power to change everything. Finn's father hugs Finn, which plays out as Lord Business has a change of heart and caps the Kragle with the Piece of Resistance, unglues his victims with mineral spirits, and thanks, Emmet. As Lucy becomes Emmet's girlfriend with Batman's blessing. Suddenly, Duplo aliens beam down and announce their plans to destroy the universe, as a result of Finn's father inviting Finn's younger sister to join them in playing with his Lego sets as an apology for his selfishness.


The Lego Movie received many positive reviews. It currently has a 96% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and an 83% rating on Metacritic.

The Lego Movie was released in DVD and Blue-ray along with Blue-ray 3D on June 17, 2014.

The toy brand and inspiration of the movie, Legos, began making and selling sets based on the movie.

On February 3, 2014, Jared Stern was hired to write a sequel, along with another individual. The sequel, titled "", was released on February 8, 2019.


American Forces Network

The United States Armed Forces Radio and Television Service is called American Forces Network (AFN). AFN broadcasts radio and television to American soldiers, sailors, airmen, Department of Defense and other US government civilians and their families stationed outside of the U.S. and on U.S. Navy ships. AFN broadcasts popular American radio and television programs from U.S. networks. It is sometimes called the Armed Forces Network. AFRTS, American Forces Network and AFN are registered trademarks of the U.S. Department of Defense. It would a Millons of of Tv Shows by 11 and half years ago In 2012



George Andrew Davis Jr.

George Andrew Davis, Jr. (December 1, 1920 – February 10, 1952) was a highly decorated flying ace of the United States (US) Army in World War II. He was later part of the US Air Force during the Korean War. Davis rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in "MiG Alley" during the war. He was the only flying ace of the United States to be killed in action in Korea.

With a total of 21 victories he is one of only seven US military pilots to become an ace in two wars. He is also one of only 31 to be credited more than 20 victories. He was the fourth highest scoring ace of the Korean War.

George Andrew Davis Jr. was born in Dublin, Texas on December 1, 1920. He was the seventh of nine children born to George Davis Sr. and Pearl Love Davis. In his childhood, Davis briefly lived in Maple, Texas. Davis attended Morton High School in Morton, Texas. Davis then attended Harding College in Searcy, Arkansas. After completing a degree he returned to Texas. He took up farming for a time with his family before eventually deciding to join the military.

Throughout his career, Davis was credited with 21 confirmed victories, 1 probable victory and 2 aircraft damaged. This made him one of only 30 US pilots to gain more than 20 confirmed victories over their careers. He had been known to be an extremely talented pilot and was especially accurate at deflection shooting, even from long distances against moving targets. Davis was one of 1,297 World War II aces from the United States, with seven confirmed kills during that war. He later became one of 41 Korean War aces from the United States, with 14 confirmed victories during that war. At the time of his death he was the top-scoring ace from the US, making him the ace of aces. By the end of the war, he was the fourth-highest scoring ace.

Davis was the third of four members of the US Air Force to be awarded the Medal of Honor in the war, after Louis J. Sebille, John S. Walmsley Jr. and before Charles J. Loring Jr. All four Air Force recipients were pilots and all were awarded the medal posthumously.



Tangmarg

Tanghmarg () is a town and tehsil of the Baramulla District in Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Barak Valley

The Barak Valley (Bengali: বরাক উপত্যকা) (also South Assam) is located in the southern region of the Indian state of Assam. The main city of the valley is Silchar. The region is named after the Barak river. The Barak valley mainly consists of three administrative districts of Assam State - namely Cachar, Karimganj, and Hailakandi. Among these three districts, Cachar and Hailakandi belonged to the erstwhile Cachar district in British-India, whereas Karimganj belonged to the Sylhet district . Karimganj was separated from Sylhet after the 1947 referendum; with the rest of Sylhet falling under East Pakistan and Karimganj under India.

Bengali and Meitei (Manipuri) are the two official languages of Barak Valley districts of Assam.

The name "Barak" has derived from the Dimasa words 'Bra' & 'Kro'. Bra means bifurcation and Kro upper portion/stream. The river Barak is bifurcated near Haritikar in the Karimganj district in to Surma River and Kushiyara River. The upstream of this bifurcated river was called Brakro by the local Dimasa people. Over the years, Brakro got converted in to Barak.

Barak valley had a population of 4,377,612 as per as 2021 census. Hinduism have gone-down from 50% in 2011 to 47% in 2021 due to low fertility rate and large scale immigration of the community from the Valley to others parts of the region in search of jobs and livelihood. The number of Hindu immigrants from Bangladesh into Barak Valley has varied estimates from year 1971-2014. According to the Assam government, (1.3-1.5) lakhs such people residing in the Barak Valley are eligible for citizenship if the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 becomes a law. Islam is the fastest growing religion in Barak valley, As per as 2011 census, Muslims were 48.1% in the valley and in 2021 census it have gone up to 51% due to high fertility rate and lower immigration of the community to others regions/parts of the country.
Christian missionaries have active in Barak region since from the time of independence. As a result of Christian missionaries, Christianity is rapidly growing among the tribals and poor section of Muslim and Hindu society of the valley since from the past 2 decades. In 2011, Barak valley had 57.9 thousand christians but in the year of 2021, it have grown to almost 74.4 thousands approximately due to high rate of conversion from various church denomination missionaries from the valley.

Ottawa Senators (disambiguation)

The Ottawa Senators are a team in the National Hockey League that has played since 1992. 

Ottawa Senators can also refer to:


Since Ottawa is also the seat of the federal government of Canada, it can also refer to the members
of the House of the Senate:


It may also refer to:


Ottawa Lady Senators

The Ottawa Lady Senators are a women's ice hockey team, that are from Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. They played in the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL) until 2010. The team began playing in 1988. The team was then known as the National Capital Raiders. In 1989 the team changed its name to Ottawa Raiders. In 2007 the team again changed its name to the Ottawa Capital Canucks. The team changed its name to the Ottawa Senators in 2008. The current coach of the team is Brad Marsh. He used to play for the Ottawa Senators in the National Hockey League (NHL).


South Chungcheong Province

South Chungcheong Province is a region of western South Korea. It is one of the richest and fastest growing areas of South Korea. The provincial capital is called Hongseong.

In ancient times, South Chungcheong Province belonged to Mahan - the ancient tribal country of Korea. After Baekje conquered Mahan, it belonged to Baekje. Later, in the Goryeo Dynasty, it was grouped with current Gyeonggi-do and North Chungcheong into 'Gwangyang-do'. In the Joseon Dynasty, South Chungcheong and North Chungcheong were reorganized into Chungcheong-do. On October 4, 1896, it was separated as South Chungcheong.


Kenneth Mars

Kenneth Mars or Ken Mars (April 4, 1935 – February 12, 2011) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He was known for his roles in "Young Frankenstein", "The Little Mermaid", "The Producers", and as Otto Mannkusser in "Malcolm in the Middle".

Mars was born on April 4, 1935 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Northwestern University. He was married to Barbara Newborn from 1977 until his death in 2011. They had two children. Mars died on February 13, 2011 in Granada Hills, Los Angeles, California from pancreatic cancer, aged 75.


Kiki Farrel

Kiki Farrel (born in Jakarta, Indonesia, May 26, 1986) is an actor from Indonesia. He began his career by being extras in a number of sitcoms, increasingly uphill career by participating in the event Supermama Selebconcert with her mother, Mama Dahlia. After following Supermama Selebconcert, she starred in the soap opera "Cinta Kirana".

Kiki Farrel was rumored to have a relationship with some of the women and the last relates to Natha Narita. Kiki Farrel was also hit by news skewed to the issue of the release of his gay porn video entitled "The Series Hot Kiki Farel" which lasted about three minutes. Kiki Farrel denied that it was not him who is in the video and did not know anything about the distribution of the videos.


Lionel Jeffries

Lionel Charles Jeffries (June 10, 1926 – February 19, 2010) was an English actor, screenwriter, and director who is known for his roles in "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", "Camelot", "The Railway Children", "The Amazing Mr Bluden", "First Men in the Moon", "Two-Way Stretch", and "The Trails of Oscar Wilde".

Jeffries was born on June 10, 1926 in Forest Hill, London, England. He studied at Queen Elizabeth Grammar School. He was married to Eileen Mary Walsh from 1951 until his death in 2010. They had three children. 

Jeffries died on February 19, 2010 in Poole, Dorset, England from vascular dementia, aged 83.


Russ Mayberry

Russell "Russ" B. Mayberry (December 22, 1925 – July 27, 2012) was a Scottish-American television director who directed "Dallas", "Matlock", "", "I Dream of Jeannie", and "Kojak".

Mayberry was born on December 22, 1925 in Glasgow, Scotland. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Northwestern University. Mayberry was married to Sandy Mayberry until his death in 2012. They had two children. Mayberry died on July 27, 2012 in Fort Collins, Colorado from an illness, aged 86.

J. Michael Riva

John Michael Riva (June 28, 1948 – June 7, 2012) or J. Michael Riva was an American production designer. He worked on "Halloween II", "Bad Boys 2", "Spider-Man 3", "Iron Man 2", "The Amazing Spider-Man", and "Django Unchained". His grandmother was actress Marlene Dietrich.

Riva was born on June 28, 1948 in Manhattan, New York City, New York to William Riva and Maria Sieber. He studied at Institute Le Rosey and at the University of California, Los Angeles. He was married to Wendy Riva until his death in 2012. They had four children. Riva died of a stroke in New Orleans, Louisiana while filming Django Unchained, aged 63.

Jane March

Jane March (born 20 March 1973) is an English actress. She was born in London to a Vietnamese-Chinese mother and Anglo-Spanish father. She has starred in many movies. These movies include "The Lover" and "Color of Night". Both of these movies were originally rated NC-17 by the MPAA.

Regina Taylor

Regina Annette Taylor (born August 22, 1960) is an American actress and playwright. She has won several awards during her career. These include a Golden Globe Award and NAACP Image Award.

Christine Taylor

Christine Joan Taylor (born July 30, 1971 in Allentown, Pennsylvania) is an American actress and comedian. She played the character Marcia in "The Brady Bunch Movie" and "A Very Brady Sequel". She also starred in "Party Girl", a television program based on the 1995 comedy of the same name.

Taylor dated actor Matthew Lillard in 1995.

Taylor married actor Ben Stiller in 2000.

Iced Earth

Iced Earth is an American heavy metal band from Tampa, Florida.

The band was formed under the name Purgatory on January 20, 1985 by guitarist Jon Schaffer. The band later changed their name to "Iced Earth". Since the band was created, they have had many different line-up changes with over twenty musicians joining and leaving Iced Earth.

They released their debut album, "Iced Earth", in November 1990 in Europe and in February 1991 in North America. They are currently signed to Century Media Records.





Holly Robinson Peete

Holly Elizabeth Robinson Peete (born September 18, 1964) is an American actress. She has acted in many television sitcoms. These include the 1992-1997 sitcom "Hangin' with Mr. Cooper". She is also an activist on the subject of autism. Peete was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Strip Me (song)

"Strip Me" is a 2010 single by the English singer Natasha Bedingfield off her album, also named "Strip Me". The song didn't do well on "Billboard Hot 100"; it peaked near 91 on the chart. This song was featured in the movie "Morning Glory".

Guild Wars 2

Guild Wars 2 is a type of computer game called a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) that is played on the Internet. It is owned by ArenaNet. "Guild Wars 2" takes place in a fantasy world that is called Tyria. The game's story is about a guild called Destiny's Edge, and their attempt to kill six evil elder dragons. It is the sequel to "Guild Wars". In August 2015, the game became free to play, and had sold more than 5 million copies by then.

The world of "Guild Wars 2" is the same as the world in "Guild Wars", but many changes has been made to it. These changes include new buildings and new landscapes, because "Guild Wars 2" takes place 250 years after "Guild Wars". Much of the land has also been corrupted by the elder dragons. 

There are five different races to choose from when you create a new character. These races are Human and Charr, from "Guild Wars Prophecies", Norn and Asura from "Guild Wars Eye of the North", and the Sylvari, a new race to the "Guild Wars" series. There are also 8 professions to choose from. The profession and race of the player decides what special abilities the player can use. As in "Guild Wars", the player has a skill bar where he/she can choose from a large pool of abilities. The skill bar is different from "Guild Wars". It can now hold ten skills instead of eight, but is more limited. The weapon the player is holding decides the first five skill slots. The 6th slot is used for a healing skill. The 7th, 8th and 9th slots are used to hold the remaining skills that the player can use. Finally, the 10th slot is used for an elite skill, which is more powerful than the other skills. ArenaNet has made the skill bar more limited to solve the balance problem many MMORPGs has. Skills in "Guild Wars 2" has also been made in quality instead of quantity.

The maximum level is higher than in "Guild Wars". The player can now get to level 80 instead of 20. ArenaNet said that level 80 is a good maximum level because it allows the player to go through the game's storyline without having to grind. It was very important for ArenaNet that players in "Guild Wars 2" should not have to grind. This is because ArenaNet wanted the players to have fun the entire time they were playing "Guild Wars 2". The player's level can also change depending on where in the world the player is. When the players fight monsters the player's level will be the same level as the monsters of that area plus one. For example, if a level 80 character goes to a level 5 area, he will become level 6, if he goes to a level 10 area, he will become level 11.

There are two ways the player can fight other players in "Guild Wars 2": World versus World and Structured PvP. In Structured PVP the player gains the maximum level and gain access to all abilities in the game. The players then fight players five versus five on matches that are about 10 minutes long. Unlike World versus World the players can not use rewards from Structured PvP anywhere outside Structured PvP. In World versus World the player also gains the maximum level, but can not use abilities that are not unlocked by the players character. World versus world matches are also one entire week long, so the player can join and leave whenever he wants. The goal in World versus World is to take control of capture points; castles, forts and camps. Holding these points gives points to the server holding them. The points gives players rewards in the servers world, such as more experience and more money from killing monsters.

Because Guild Wars 2 takes place 250 years after "Guild Wars", the player can not keep their character from "Guild Wars" in "Guild Wars 2". Instead the player can link their "Guild Wars" account to the "Guild Wars 2" account to get rewards in "Guild Wars 2". The points are gained by completing a variety of tasks in "Guild Wars". When a task is completed, the player can turn the task into points by adding them to the Hall of Monuments. The Hall of Monuments is available in the "Eye of the North" expansion.

Guild Wars 2 takes place 250 years after the player defeats the Great Destroyer in "Guild Wars Eye of the North". Over the past 2 centuries, Elder Dragons who has slept under the earth has awoken. Currently, 5 dragons have awoken, and they have started to destroy and corrupt Tyria. The humans have lost almost all of Ascalon to the Charr. The remaining humans now live in Kryta and Ebonhawke. The norn, a race of nordic hunters, has been driven from their homeland in the north by Jormag, an Elder Dragon of ice. The Norn now live in the Southern shiverpeaks, instead of the northen shiverpeaks. The asura, a small but smart race, has been driven out of their homeland to the west. Their underground home has been invaded by destroyers. The Destroyers are servants to Primordus, an Elder Dragon of fire. The asura now live in Rata Sum, a very large city floating in the air. East of Rata sum, a new race has arrived to Tyria; the sylvari, The sylvari are similar to humans, but they are made out of trees, bushes and even mushrooms. They birth from the Pale Tree, a tree that was planted during "Guild Wars Eye of the North".

Sister Sledge

Sister Sledge is an American R&B and pop music group. It was founded in Philadelphia in 1971. They have had several hit singles. Their hits are "We are Family", "Frankie" and "He's the Greatest Dancer". Their names are Kim, Kathy, Joni and Debbie. Sledge is their actual last name. The original identity of the group was "Mrs. Williams Grandchildren", though it was later changed to the current name "Sister Sledge". They were especially popular in the late 1970s and early 1980s.

Jimmy Fallon

James Thomas Fallon (born September 19, 1974) is an American actor, comedian, singer, musician and television host. Fallon has been the host of "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" since 2014. He was the host of "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon". He was a cast member of "Saturday Night Live" and has also hosted that show. 

On April 3, 2013, NBC announced that Fallon would be the new host of "The Tonight Show", beginning at the end of the 2014 Winter Olympics.

Fallon was born on September 19, 1974 in the Bay Ridge neighbourhood of Brooklyn, New York. He was raised in Saugerties, New York. He studied at The College of Saint Rose. Fallon married Nancy Juvonen in 2007.

<br>

Gorgoroth

Gorgoroth are a Norwegian black metal band that are currently based in Bergen. 

The band was formed in 1992 by guitarist Infernus after he made a "deal with the Devil". The name of the band comes from the dead plateau of evil and darkness in the land of Mordor from J. R. R. Tolkien's 1954 fantasy novel, The Lord of the Rings. 

They released their debut album, "Pentagram", on 12 October 1994.





Peter Breck

Joseph Peter Breck (March 13, 1929 – February 6, 2012) was an American actor and personality who is known for his roles in "The Big Valley", "Shock Corridor", "Black Saddle", "The Beatniks", and in the "Crawling Hand".

Breck was born on March 13, 1929 in Rochester, New York. He was raised in Houston, Texas. He studied at the University of Houston. Breck was married to Diana Breck from 1960 until his death in 2012. They had one son, Christopher. Breck died on February 6, 2012 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada from dementia, aged 82.


Retinal migraine

Retinal migraine (also known as ophthalmic migraines, or ocular migraines) is a medical condition that affects the eyes by causing vision loss in one eye for less than 1 hour, usually for about 10–20 minutes. When these retinal migraines happen they can also cause a headache, either a "diffuse" headache which is a headache that causes pain which is spread out and hurts a person's whole head, or, a "unilateral" headache, which is a headache that causes pain on one side of a persons head either, the left side or the right side.

It is believed retinal migraines are caused by "vasospasms "of the blood vessels of the eye in the area of the "retina". The retina is at the back of the inside of the eye. In medicine a "spasm" is a sudden constriction or tightening of muscles that is "involuntary" - a person does not control them they move on their own. Muscle spasms can happen in different muscles of the body, like when a person's leg or eye "twitches". The twitching is caused by the spasms.

"Vaso-" means something to do with the blood vessels, so a "vasospasm" causes the muscle cells inside the walls of a blood vessel to suddenly constrict or tighten up. This causes the whole blood vessel to "constrict" which means makes the blood vessel narrower. When a blood vessel constricts it is called "vasoconstriction".

When vasoconstriction happens less blood the normal is able to flow through the blood vessel, like the way squeezing (constricting) a garden hose makes less water come out. Vasoconstriction can happen for different reasons including because of a medical problem.

The second part of a vasospasm -"vasodilation" - occurs after the vasoconstriction. After the blood vessel constricts it "dilates" - becomes bigger. It may return to normal size or slightly larger than normal size.

The vasoconstriction and vasodilation complete one spasm. Spasms often happen many times over and over again. It is beleved that the muscle cells tigntening and loosenening may trigger the pain of a retinal migraine.

Immortal (band)

Immortal are a Norwegian black metal band that are currently based in Bergen. 

The band was formed in 1990 by vocalist Abbath Doom Occulta and former guitarist Demonaz Doom Occulta after the bands Old Funeral and Amputation disbanded and members from both of the bands joined together to make Immortal. Immortal disbanded in 2003 because of personal reasons but they reunited in 2006.

They released their debut album, "Diabolical Fullmoon Mysticism", on 1 July 1992.





Melanie Lynskey

Melanie Jayne Lynskey (born 16 May 1977) is a New Zealand actress who has starred in lots of movies, including "Hello I Must be Going", "But I'm a Cheerleader" and "Heavenly Creatures". She was in the sitcom "Two and a Half Men" and in other television programs. She was born in New Plymouth.

Ashford &amp; Simpson

Ashford & Simpson were an American R&B music duo who had a lot of hit singles dating to the mid 1960s and continuing through the early 1990s. The duo consisted of Nickolas Ashford and Valerie Simpson. Ashford was born May 4, 1941 and died due to throat cancer, August 22, 2011; Simpson was on August 26, 1946. Singers associated with Ashford & Simpson included Marvin Gaye and Diana Ross.

Barbara Werle

Barbara May Theresa Werle (October 6, 1928 – January 1, 2013) was an American actress who was known for her roles in "The Ed Sullivan Show", "", "Battle of the Buldge", and in "Charro".

Werle was born on October 6, 1928 in Mount Vernon, New York. She studied at a Catholic High School in New York. She was raised in Los Angeles, California. Werle had one son. Werle died on January 1, 2013 in Carlsbad, California from natural causes, aged 84.

She died at age 84 on January 1, 2013.

Tony Lip

Tony Lip (Frank Anthony Vallelonga; July 30, 1930 – January 4, 2013) was an American actor who was known for his roles in "The Sopranos", "Raging Bull", "The Godfather", "Goodfellas", and in "Law & Order".

Lip was born on July 30, 1930 in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania. He was raised in The Bronx, New York. He was married to Dolores Lip until her death in 1999. They had three sons. Lip died on January 4, 2013 in Teaneck, New Jersey from an illness, aged 82.

Louis de Saint-Just

Louis Antoine Léon de Saint-Just (nicknamed the "Angel of Death") was an important person in the French revolution and the Reign of Terror. He worked closely with Robespierre.
He was born August 25, 1767, Decize, France and died on July 28, 1794, Paris to the Guillotine. Saint-Just reputedly accepted his death with coolness and pride.

Samantha Mathis

Samantha Mathis (born on May 12, 1970, New York) is an American actress who has acted in lots of movies. In particular, she acted in "The American President", "Broken Arrow" and "Little Women". She also starred in some television programs.

Jean-Paul Marat

Jean-Paul Marat was a French doctor and journalist famous for writing about the French revolution and encouraging the Reign of Terror.

He was stabbed to death in Paris by Charlotte Corday, an act made famous in a painting by Jacques-Louis David. Corday was executed 4 days later after the assassination.

Ayub K. Ommaya

Ayub K. Ommaya or Ayub Khan Ommaya (1930-2008) was a famous Pakistani neurosurgeon settled in the USA. He is especially well known for being the inventor of the Ommaya reservoir, which is a method to help cancer patients receive chemotherapy treatment.

Ommaya was born in Mian Channu Tehsil, British India, now Pakistan, in 1930. He moved to Oxford, England in 1956. He then moved to the United States in 1961. Later, following illness, he moved to Islamabad, Pakistan with his wife in 2005. He died there in 2008.

Ragout

The term ragout refers to a main-dish stew of meat, poultry, fish or vegetables. It uses "well-seasoned meat and vegetables cooked in a thick sauce". A typical sauce to use would be roux.

The word is from the French "ragoût". The term comes from the French "ragoûter", meaning: "to revive the taste". The related word Italian "ragù" is a sauce, such as "Ragù Napoletano". It is used to dress pasta.

The basic method of preparation involves slow cooking over a low heat. The main ingredients are many; ragouts may be prepared with or without meat, a wide variety of vegetables may be incorporated, and they may be more or less heavily spiced and seasoned.

Melissa Leo

Melissa Leo (born September 14, 1960 in Manhattan, New York) is an American movie and television actress. She acted in the television series "All My Children" (2011) and in the movie "Oblivion" (2013). She won the Golden Globe and the Screen Actors Guild Awards in 2011, for the movie "The Fighter" (2010).

Internal conflict in Myanmar

The internal conflict in Myanmar refers to fighting between government soldiers and rebels in Myanmar, which began shortly after the country, formerly known as Burma, separated from the United Kingdom in 1948. The government of Myanmar has fought different rebel groups from different ethnic minorities. The cause of the conflict is the government's refusal to give minority groups such as the communists and the Karen people the amount of political representation that they want. Since the beginning of the fighting, hundreds of thousands of civilians in Myanmar have been killed and millions have become refugees.


Ambient intelligence

Ambient intelligence is an idea from computer science to create an environment of machines that meaningfully interact with people. The idea is that these machines help people solve the problems they have, and that people can interact with the machines in a natural way. An example would be a camera that recognizes the owner of a house or apartment, and that is able to turn off the alarm, and unlock the door. The systems that control the camera, the alarm system and the door lock are all connected to each other. When the camera sees the person, it works with the other systems to make the person's life easier. 

In order for the idea to work well:

Ambient intelligence has also be shown in fiction. The movie "Minority Report" shows how advertising changes for each user. the book "The Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy" by Douglas Adams shows intelligent doors that have emotions, which they show when people use them. 

Stew

A stew is a dish cooked for a long time, and served in the gravy produced by the cooking. The basic materials may be any meat and/or vegetables. It is ideal for tough meat like mutton and beef cuts which have marbling (fat) and connective tissue. Also, the tougher vegetables should be used.

It is traditional to start off with a simple sauce, such as a roux. Even simpler, flour and an Oxo stock cube can be stirred in some milk and water. It is usual for the tougher meats to start off by themselves, with vegetables added later.

Casseroles and stews are similar. Casseroles often have a topping; stews do not. Stewing is a cooking process whereby heat is applied to the bottom of the cooking vessel (typically over a fire or on a stove), whereas casserole cooking is generally baked in an oven where heat circulates all around the cooking vessel.

Stews have been made since ancient times. It figures in the Roman cookbook by Apicius. Herodotus says that the Scythians (8th to 4th centuries BC) "put the flesh into an animal's paunch, mix water with it, and boil it like that over the bone fire. The bones burn very well, and the paunch easily contains all the meat once it has been stripped off. In this way an ox, or any other sacrificial beast, is ingeniously made to boil itself."

Amazonian tribes used the shells of turtles as vessels, boiling the entrails of the turtle and various other ingredients in them. Other cultures used the shells of large mollusks (clams etc.) to boil foods in. There is archaeological evidence of these practices going back 8,000 years or more.

There are recipes for lamb stews and fish stews in the Roman cookery book "Apicius", believed to date from the 4th century AD. "Le Viandier", one of the oldest cookbooks in French, written by the French chef known as Taillevent, has ragouts or stews of various types in it.

Hungarian goulash dates back to the 9th century Magyar shepherds of the area, before the existence of Hungary. Paprika was added in the 18th century.

The first written reference to 'Irish stew' is in Byron's "The Devil's Drive" (1814): "The Devil ... dined on ... a rebel or so in an Irish stew."


Rohama Tehsil

Rafiabad or Rohama () is a subdistrict of the Baramulla District of Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Joanna Cassidy

Joanna Cassidy (born Joanna Victoria Caskey, August 2, 1945 in Haddonfield, New Jersey) is an American actress. She acted in the TV series "Six Feet Under" and "Body of Proof". She acted in many movies. These include "Blade Runner" (1982), "Where the Heart Is" and "Who Framed Roger Rabbit?".

David Suchet

Sir David Suchet CBE (born 2 May 1946 in London) is an English actor. He mainly works on British television. He has been in many films over the years. He is perhaps best known for playing Hercule Poirot in the series "Agatha Christie's Poirot". He has made a film version of almost all of the books by Agatha Christie. David provided his voice as The lion Aslan in Focus on the familys Adaptation of C.S Lewis The chronicles of Narnia series.

He started his career in theatre. In 1974 he joined the famous Royal Shakespeare Company. In 2002 he was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire and in 2010 he was made a Commander of the same order.

Giuseppe Ungaretti

Giuseppe Ungaretti (; 8 February 1888 – 2 June 1970) was an Italian modernist poet, journalist, essayist, critic, academic, and recipient of the inaugural 1970 Neustadt International Prize for Literature. He was one of the most important people in 20th century Italian literature.


Michelle Dockery

Michelle Suzanne Dockery (born 15 December 1981 in London) is an English television actress who began with the television program "Fingersmith" around 2005. She is strongly known for playing Lady Mary Crawley in the television drama series "Downtown Abbey". Dockery is also a singer.

Bailee Madison

Bailee Madison (born October 15, 1999) is an American actress. She was in the movie "Bridge to Terabithia". Madison was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Pamela Sue Martin

Pamela Sue Martin (born January 5, 1953 in Hartford, Connecticut) is an American actress. She played Nancy Drew in "The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries". She played Fallon Carrington Colby in the television series "Dynasty". She also acted in other television programs and movies.

Bonnie Franklin

Bonnie Gail Franklin (January 6, 1944 – March 1, 2013) was an American actress. She worked mostly on television. She starred in the situation comedy "One Day at a Time".

Franklin's father was Russian; her mother was Romanian.


Aisha Tyler

Aisha N. Tyler (born September 18, 1970 in San Francisco, California) is an American actor, writer, comedian and television host. She attended Dartmouth College studying political science. She then began as an advertising executive before becoming a Stand-up comedian in the mid-1990s. She was the host of "Talk Soup". She was a cast member for two years in "Friends". Tyler then played Andrea on "Ghost Whisperer". She is a co-host on the daytime talk show "The Talk". 

<br>

Francesca Capaldi

Francesca Angelucci Capaldi (born June 8, 2004) is an American actress. She is best know as a child actress for her role of "Chloe James" in the Disney Channel television series, "Dog with a Blog".

Philippe Bond

Philippe Bond (born 28 June 1979) is a Canadian comedian and radio host. He is from Quebec. Bond co-hosts the morning radio program "C't'encore drôle", on the radio station NRJ. In 2011, he was chosen to host a version of the game show "The Price is Right" in Montreal.

Bond has been described as a good storyteller because he always tells several anecdotes. Through his comedy, he shows to everyone that it is sometimes in the most innocuous situations that people find the funniest facts of everyday life.

Bond graduated from the École nationale de l'humour in 2002. He debuted on Radio Energy Hull / CKTF. He quickly started work doing comedy shows in Quebec. He appeared in several comedy festivals. Since 2002, he has appeared in the "Grand rire de Québec", "Just for Laughs" festival, the Fou rire de Sherbrooke, in Montreal High Lights Festival and in many corporate events. In 2007, he worked with Louis-José Houde in the first part of his new show "Suivre la parade".

He won the trophy for the 14th edition of the "Gala les Oliviers" in 2012. This is the biggest award chosen by the public in the "Gala" which took place on Radio Canada.


Yilpi Adamson

Imiyari "Yilpi" Adamson (born 1954) is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She is known for her work in a range of art forms, including painting, sculpture, weaving, knitting and batik.

Yilpi was born at a place near Uluru, in the Northern Territory. Her mother was a member of the Pitjantjatjara people and her father was Yankunytjatjara. When Yilpi was still very young, her parents came to live at Ernabella, a Presbyterian mission in northwest South Australia. She grew up there, and later began working at Ernabella Arts.

Batik was one of the first forms of art Yilpi learned to make at Ernabella. Several of her works were shown at an exhibition in Adelaide in 2006, and one of these was bought for the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney. Later examples of her batik works were bought by the National Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh. Yilpi is also known for making woven items, such as baskets, out of "tjanpi" (desert grass). She made several objects with a women's project called the Tjanpi Desert Weavers.

Yilpi began painting much more recently. She has painted both abstract and figurative works. The abstract works are expressions of her Dreaming legends, passed down to her from her mother. Her most successful works, however, are the figurative paintings of her life as a child at Ernabella in the 1950s. Examples of Yilpi's paintings are held in the Art Gallery of South Australia, and the National Museum of Australia. The National Gallery of Australia also has a series of ceramic pots that Yilpi painted with Malpiya Davey, Alison Carroll, and other Ernabella women.

Universal Soldier

Universal Soldier is a 1992 science fiction and action drama movie. The main star is Jean-Claude Van Damme. Dolph Lundgren also stars. This science fiction/action drama was released with strong box office revenues. The critics, however, gave negative reviews.


Ommaya reservoir

The Ommaya reservoir is an invention by Dr Ayub K. Ommaya, a famous neurosurgeon. During surgery a catheter - a thin tube - is placed into one of the ventricles of the brain. The catheter is attached to a reservoir right under the scalp.

The Ommaya reservoir can be used for a few different things:

Wajih-uz-Zaman Khan

Wajih uz Zaman Khan also spelt Wajeeh uz Zaman Khan , Advocate, MP (born 1962) is a Pakistani lawyer and politician, belonging to the Swatis tribe of Oghi, Hazara, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. 
He is of the family of the ex Khan of Agror.. He took a Law degree from the University of the Punjab and went back to his native area to practice the legal profession.

He later took part in elections and was elected a member of the provincial parliament and also served a short while as Health Minister in his province's cabinet. He is still a serving member of this parliament at this time but he has been thrown out of his party for corrupt practices . 

Kimberley Walsh

Kimberley Jane Walsh (born 20 November 1981) is a British singer, model and actress. She was born and raised in Bradford, West Yorkshire. She is a member of pop quintet Girls Aloud. She was runner-up in the 2012 series of "Strictly Come Dancing". In 2012 she presented a chat show called "Suck My Pop". On 4 February 2013, Walsh released "Centre Stage", her first solo album.

Steven William

Steven William Umboh also known as Stevan William or Stefan William (born in California, United States, August, 11, 1993) is an American born Indonesian actor.

He is the first son of the couple Clinton Avery (United States-Russian) and Ellen Thelma Umboh (Indonesian), and has a younger sister named Jennifer Avery who is currently living in (Australia) with father and mother. He is also the grandson of a famous Indonesian director of his time, namely Wim Umboh.



Dark Funeral

Dark Funeral are a Swedish black metal band from Stockholm. 

The band was formed in 1993 by guitarist Lord Ahriman and former guitarist Blackmoon. They released their debut album, "The Secrets of the Black Arts", on 28 January 1996. Some past and present members of the band have an affinity for Satanism. Lord Ahriman and Emperor Magus Caligula are both practitioners of LaVeyan Satanism.





I (band)

I is a Norwegian heavy metal supergroup. It was formed in 2006 by Abbath Doom Occulta and Armagedda of the band Immortal and TC King of Gorgoroth and Ice Dale of the band Enslaved. Their debut album was "Between Two Worlds."It was released on November 3, 2006 in the United Kingdom and November 14, 2006 in North America.




Milyika Carroll

Milyika Carroll (born 4 March 1958), often known as Alison Carroll or "Windlass" Carroll, is an Aboriginal Australian artist. She is also a community leader on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia.

Milyika was born in 1958, in Ernabella, northwest South Australia. At that time, it was a Presbyterian mission for Aboriginal people. After finishing primary school here, she went to high school in Alice Springs, at Saint Philips College and Yirara College. She moved back to Ernabella after finishing school. She briefly worked at the community's craft centre, making hand-painted bookmarks and gift cards. She also learned to use batik methods, which had been introduced to the community in 1971.

After about one or two years of working at the craft centre, Carroll decided to become a health worker. She did her training in Adelaide, and then went back to Ernabella to work in the clinic. She still worked at the craft centre sometimes, learning under her mother.

Carroll is married to Pepai Carroll, and they have five children.

Carroll has been involved in the administration of Ernabella Arts for several years. She served as its chairperson from 2001 to 2003, as its manager from 2004 to 2007, and then as chairperson again from 2007 to 2010. She was also the chairperson of Aṉanguku Arts and Culture Aboriginal Corporation from 2004 to 2006, and then became its director. Aṉanguku Arts is the organisation that coordinates and supports development of the art economy on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara (APY) Lands. Her husband Pepai has also served as the organisation's chairman.

In April 2008, Carroll was chosen to attend the Australia 2020 Summit in Canberra, where she and Makinti Minutjukur represented the APY communities. She has since been involved in school administration in Ernabella, including serving as the chairwoman of the Governing Council of Ernabella Aṉangu School since 2011.

Carroll is known for painting, printmaking, batik, ceramic and textile works. She uses several printmaking methods, including lithographs, etchings and screen printing. Her painted designs are called "", which are designs and symbols that mean something to her. They represent her identity and her own view of the world, and are associated with her family's Dreaming legends. The designs are abstract, and come from ancient ceremonial designs (historically painted on the body or rock).

Carroll has had her works held in many public and private galleries both in Australia and other countries. Example of her batik works are held in the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney, the State Library of South Australia in Adelaide, and the British Museum. The National Museum of Australia and the National Gallery of Australia both contain multiple examples of Carroll's printings, etchings, batik works, and textile paintings.

One of her earliest works, a painting done on paper, was chosen as one of the finalists for the first National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 1984. In 2011, Carroll's uncle, Dickie Minyintiri, became one of the oldest people to win the award.


Genco Gulan

Genco Gulan ( (born 13 January 1969) is a Turkish sculptor, painter and writer. He was born in Istanbul and has lived in Frankfurt and New York. Gulan is interested in integrating new technologies, classics and conceptual art with contemporary culture. His art is conceptual pop media. He layers the symbolismand brings to our attantion with colors. He's teaching at Mimar Sinan Academy and Bogazici University.


Pinscreen animation

Pinscreen animation is a technique used for making animated movies with a device called a pinscreen. This device is a screen lit by the two vertical sides and filled with a vast number of movable pins. The pins can be pushed back and forth, casting their shadows on the screen to create images. It makes unique visual effects, but because of the carefulness the technique requires and its time-consuming side, it has been and always remains very rarely used.

The pinscreen is a device invented in the early thirties by Alexandre Alexeïeff, a French engraver, illustrator, and filmmaker of Russian origin. Alexeïeff conceived this device to make animation movies showing the same kind of textural effects that its engravings.

The device is a white screen with a multitude of little holes on all its surface. Each hole is filled with a pin that can slide back and forth and the screen is lit by the two vertical sides, allowing the pins to cast their shadow on the screen. If all the pins are pushed in the screen, they can't cast any shadow and the screen appears entirely white. Conversely, if all the pins are pushed out of the screen, it's total darkness. Depending on how far the pins point out of the front of the screen, their shadows are shorter or longer, allowing the artist to create images in different tones of gray.

Each of the frames created on the pinscreen is photographed before creating the next frame. When strung together, the frames create the illusion of movement.

Alexeïeff and his partner Claire Parker completed, in 1933, the animated movie "Night on Bald Mountain", before making another movie in 1943, "En passant", for the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). Many years later, The NFB acquired a full-sized pinscreen and in 1972, Alexeïeff and Parker were invited back to the NFB and gave several workshops on pinscreen animation to a group of filmmakers. One of the most interested Quebecer filmmaker in pinscreen animation is probably Jacques Drouin. He made several animated movies using that technique : "Trois exercices sur l'écran d'épingles d'Alexeïef" in 1974, "Mindscape" in 1976, "Nightangel" in 1986 that was co-directed with Bretislav Pojar, "Ex-child" in 1994, "A Hunting Lesson" in 2001 and "Imprints" in 2004. It's with his movie "Mindscape" that Drouin expressed his own style with the pinscreen technique for the first time, a style different from Alexeïeff's. On the technical plane, Drouin also innovated with "Nightangel", in which he colours the pinscreen images by filtering the light sources. Recently, animator and illustrator Michèle Lemieux has made "Le grand ailleurs et le petit ici" with the NFB's pinscreen.

Muria people

The Muria are an aboriginal tribe in Chhattisgarh, India. They are a tribe of the Gondi people. The Muria live in the Bastar district of Chhattisgarh. They traditionally live by agriculture, hunting and fishing, working as a community. They are surrounded by Hindu culture, but they are animists. They have an omnivorous diet, and liquor plays a big role in their society. According to sociologists, the Muria tribe is a very harmonious society.

When they reach adolescence, children leave their family houses to live in a "ghotul". A "ghotul" is like a mixed-sex dormitory where adolescents practice sexual intercourse, sometimes with a single partner and sometimes with multiple partners. Pregnancy should be avoided and they are obligated to regularly change partners, in order to avoid affection. In the "ghotul", the minors govern themselves and it is important to maintain social and traditional order in the group. If the rules are not respected, the children will be punished. They can be expelled from the "ghotul" and this can be almost as bad as death.

In the "ghotul", there is no bond of affection because they want to avoid too much love before the marriage. The objective of all this organisation is to avoid divorce. For the Muria, it is considered important to govern sexuality in their community, because they believe that the sexuality is the biggest problem of humans and that society will not be able to achieve equilibrium if they don't figure prominently in sexuality.

Lucy Hale

Karen Lucille "Lucy" Hale (born June 14, 1989 in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American actress and singer. Her movies include "Scream 4", "Bionic Woman" and "Privileged". She also acted in the TV series "Pretty Little Liars". 

Victoria Rowell

Victoria Rowell (born May 10, 1960 inPortland, Maine) is an American actress and writer. She stars mostly on television programs. She played the character Drucilla in the CBS soap series "The Young and the Restless". She also did other television programs. 

Ashley Benson

Ashley Victoria Benson (b. December 18, 1989 in Anaheim, California) is an American actress. She plays the character Abby Deveraux on the soap opera "Days of Our Lives". She also played the character Hanna in the TV series "Pretty Little Liars". She began her acting career with commercials. Benson is one of the stars in "Spring Breakers".

Love's Labour's Won

Love's Labour's Won was probably the name of a play William Shakespeare wrote before 1603. One theory is that it was a sequel to another play, possibly "Love's Labour's Lost". Another theory is that the play survived, but with a different name. Today, no copies of the play exist.

Vertigo

"This article is about a medical condition. For an article about the movie with the same name, see Vertigo (movie)." 

Vertigo means a person feels as if the world around them is spinning, or that they are spinning, or the spinning is in their head. Vertigo can be caused by different medical conditions; when it happens because of a migraine it is called "migraine-associated vertigo". It may happen before a migraine headache starts or during the headache, but vertigo is most common during the period of time between headaches. Many people who have migraines have vertigo or dizziness as the main symptom instead of a headache. You can experience vertigo when you get dizzy.

There are different ways of vertigo associated with migraines, making a person feel; from feeling lightheaded or: 

Thomas J. Hudner Jr.

Thomas Jerome Hudner, Jr. (August 31, 1924 – November 13, 2017) was a retired officer of the United States Navy. He is also a former naval aviator. He rose to the rank of captain. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions trying to save the life of his wingman, Ensign Jesse L. Brown. It was during the Battle of Chosin Reservoir in the Korean War.

He was born in Fall River, Massachusetts. He was a student at Phillips Academy and the United States Naval Academy. At first he was not interested in aviation, but later he learned to fly and joined Fighter Squadron 32. He flew a F4U Corsair at the start of the Korean War. Arriving near Korea in October 1950, he flew support missions from the .

On 4 December 1950 Hudner and Brown were among a group of pilots on patrol near the Chosin Reservoir. Brown's Corsair was shot by Chinese troops and crashed. In an attempt to save Brown from his burning aircraft, Hudner intentionally crash-landed his own aircraft on a snowy mountain in freezing temperatures to help Brown. In spite of these efforts, Brown died of his injuries and Hudner was forced to leave, having also been injured in the landing.

Later, Hudner served aboard several U.S. Navy ships and with a number of aviation units, including a short time as Executive Officer of the during the Vietnam War, before retiring in 1973. After retiring, he worked for veterans organizations in the United States. He lived in Concord, Massachusetts. The guided missile destroyer is named for him.

Hudner died at his home in Concord, Massachusetts on November 13, 2017 at the age of 93.

Hudner was one of 11 men awarded the Medal of Honor during the Battle of Chosin Reservoir. He was the first of seven U.S. Navy servicemen, and the only Naval aviator, to be awarded the Medal of Honor in the Korean War.



Online sources

Malpiya Davey

Malpiya Davey (born 1959), also known as Irpintiri Davey, is an Aboriginal Australian artist from Pukatja, South Australia. She is best known for her ceramic artworks, but she also does painting, printmaking and weaving. Davey works for Ernabella Arts, the community arts co-operative in Pukatja. Ernabella Arts opened a ceramic studio in 2003, and Malpiya has since become one of its most prolific artists. She specialises in ceramic sgraffito.

Malpiya is Pitjantjatjara. Her parent's country is to the west of Pukatja between Watarru and Iltur, close to the border with Western Australia. She decorates the ceramic with glazed or painted designs. Her designs depict various traditional bush foods from her family's country, such as ' (desert raisins), ' (quandong) and "" (wild figs). These are the subject of many of her sgraffito pieces.

Malpiya's ceramic work has been shown in several major exhibitions around Australia, including at Flinders University, Cudgegong Gallery, Strathnairn Homestead Gallery, and the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory. It was also featured twice at the annual Desert Mob exhibition in Alice Springs, in 2003 and 2004. Examples are held in the permanent collections of the Grafton Regional Gallery in New South Wales, the Art Gallery of South Australia, and the National Gallery of Australia. The National Museum of Australia also contains examples of Malpiya's screen prints.


Malya Teamay

Malya Teamay is an Aboriginal Australian artist. He is also an administrator of Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park, serving as a member of its Board of Management. As an artist, Teamay works for Walkatjara Art Uluṟu. This art centre is part of the Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa Cultural Centre located inside the national park. Examples of Teamay's paintings are held in the Queensland Gallery of Modern Art, and the Museum of Victoria.

Teamay was born in 1947, at Curtin Springs, a cattle station in the southwest of the Northern Territory. His family was Pitjantjatjara. He grew up at Uluṟu, Areyonga and Ernabella. He worked as a stockman for most of his early life. Teamay moved to Muṯitjulu after it was established in the mid-1980s. He began painting soon after, originally as a way of telling others about the history of his people. His first painting was about the problem of petrol sniffing. He has made several different versions of this painting since.

Like most other artists from this region, Teamay also paints the "" associated with his country. These are stories about his spiritual ancestors from the Dreamtime and their journeys across the land. Teamay's paintings focus on the Seven Sisters, and the Liru and Kuniya Dreamings. His work "Tjukurpa of Uluṟu" is pictured on the admission tickets to the park. It depicts the spiritual law associated with Uluṟu. The other subjects he commonly paints are stories from the Australian gold rush, social problems faced by his community, and the effects of destructive habits on the environment.

Malya is a very active member of the Aboriginal community and has travelled widely around Australia to speak on Anangu issues. He has also served as the chairman of the Nyangatjatjara Aboriginal Corporation, which governs employment, educational and economic opportunities for Aboriginal people in the southwestern Northern Territory.

Dress code

A dress code is a rule about what people should, must or mustn't wear. Many times these rules are obvious: they do not need to be written. For example, when walking around a city or going to work one needs to have appropriate clothes. These can change depending on different countries and cultures. At other times a dress code can be a written rule: this can happen for important events. Some private places might also have a dress code that people need to follow to be allowed in - for example churches and nightclubs. Many organizations require a uniform.

The way a person chooses their clothes can be very important in a social environment. Different types of clothes can give an idea of how much money a person has, what religion he follows, marital status, etc.

In the Western world, there are the following dress codes for important events. These can include, for example, State dinners (when important people of different countries meet over dinner), weddings or the Nobel Prize ceremony.

MI5

The Security Service, commonly known as MI5, is one of three British intelligence agencies. It is the security agency responsible for counter-intelligence inside the United Kingdom. It gives the government information about hostile activities inside the UK. The slang term for MI5 inside the security services is "Box 500", after its old wartime postal address. Priorities are set by the Joint Intelligence Committee. All its employees are bound by the Official Secrets Act.

The Secret Intelligence Service (or "MI6") is responsible for intelligence collection outside the UK, and the Government Communications Headquarters is responsible for providing signals intelligence.

The arm of the law which works for MI5 is known informally as Special Branch. They have been rearranged as part of the Metropolitan Police's Counter Terrorism Command. MI5 staff do not have the power of arrest: what they do is instruct Special Branch, who then do the leg-work and interrogation of suspects.

Gretchen Mol

Gretchen Mol (born November 8, 1972 in Connecticut) is an American actress. She has been in many movies and in television programs. She starred in "Rounders", "Celebrity" and "Girl 6". Gretchen began her acting career during the mid 1990s.

Function composition

In mathematics, function composition is a way of making a new function from two other functions through a chain-like process.

More specifically, given a function "f" from "X" to "Y" and a function "g" from "Y" to "Z", then the function ""g" composed with "f"", written as "g ∘ f", is a function from "X" to "Z" (notice how it is usually written in the opposite way to how people would expect it to be).

The value of "f" given the input "x" is written as "f"("x"). The value of "g ∘ f" given the input "x" is written as ("g" ∘ "f")("x"), and is defined as "g"("f"("x")).

As an example. let "f" be a function which doubles a number (multiplies it by 2), and let "g" be a function which subtracts 1 from a number. These two functions can be written as:

Here, "g" composed with "f" would be the function which doubles a number, and "then" subtracts 1 from it. That is:

On the other hand, "f" composed with "g" would be the function which subtracts 1 from a number, and "then" doubles it:

Composition of functions can also be generalized to binary relations, where it is sometimes represented using the same formula_5 symbol (as in formula_6).

Function composition can be proven to be associative, which means that:

However, function composition is in general not commutative, which means that:

This can be also seen in the first example, where "(g ∘ f)(2) = 2*2 - 1 = 3" and "(f ∘ g)(2) = 2*(2-1) = 2".


Double

Double may mean:


The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring

The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a 2001 fantasy epic movie directed by Peter Jackson, serving as the first part to the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, which is based on J.R.R. Tolkien's book "The Lord of the Rings". The film is set in Tolkien's fantasy world of Middle-earth and tells the story of Frodo Baggins, who is a small humanlike creature known as a "hobbit". Frodo receives a powerful ring from his uncle Bilbo. The ring is sought after by its original creator, the evil Lord Sauron, who wants to use its power to conquer Middle-earth. Frodo and eight companions, who form a group known as the "Fellowship of the Ring", find themselves on a quest to the volcano Mount Doom in Sauron's territory Mordor, which is the only place where the ring can be destroyed. It was highly praised by critics and audiences, and, like its sequels, is now considered one of the best movies ever made. It got nominated for 14 Academy Awards.

The movie's prologue, narrated by the elf Lady Galadriel, explains that thousands of years ago, during the Second Age of Middle-earth, the rulers of elves, dwarves, and humans (known in Middle-earth as "Men") were given magical rings known as the "Rings of Power". But the evil Lord Sauron created the powerful One Ring in Mount Doom in his land of Mordor so he could rule all the other rings and conquer Middle-earth. An alliance of Elves and Men then defeated Sauron and his armies in Mordor, with Sauron being defeated by Isildur, a man of the kingdom Gondor. Isildur took the Ring and was corrupted by it, but the ring left him, allowing him to be killed by orcs. Thousands of years later, it was found by a hobbit, Smeagol, who kept it for centuries and became very attached to it; the ring slowly drew him mad, and turned him into the monster Gollum. However, the ring left him, too, and was found by the hobbit Bilbo Baggins, who was on an adventure when he found it. 

Sixty years later, Bilbo Baggins is celebrating his 111th birthday in the Shire, a peaceful land where hobbits live. He also reunites with his old friend, the wizard Gandalf. During Bilbo's birthday party, when he is doing a speech, he pulls a prank on those attending by using the ring to disappear in front of them. Gandalf is alarmed and follows Bilbo to his house, where he finds that Bilbo is attached to it. He convinces Bilbo to leave the ring, and everything else he owns, to his nephew Frodo. Bilbo then leaves the Shire for one last adventure. Gandalf investigates the ring and discovers that it truly is the One Ring. He also learns that Gollum has revealed the location of the ring to Sauron's orcs. Gandalf returns to the Shire, warning Frodo that he must leave for the village Bree, promising to meet him there. 

Frodo begins his journey with his friend and gardener, Samwise Gamgee, better known as "Sam". Meanwhile, Gandalf meets with the wizard Saruman in his fortress Isengard, but discovers Saruman has allied with Sauron. Saruman battles with Gandalf and imprisons him. As Frodo and Sam continue their journey, they are joined by two other hobbits, Merry and Pippin. The four hobbits find themselves being chased by the Nazgûl, a group of evil Men under Sauron's control who are drawn to the ring. They arrive at Bree, but Gandalf never arrives because he was imprisoned. They meet a mysterious man named "Strider", who promises to guide them to the elf land of Rivendell. However, the Nazgûl ambush the hobbits at one point. Strider rescues them and fights them off, but not before the Witch-King, the Nazgûl leader, stabs Frodo with a Morgul blade, which will slowly turn him into one of the Nazgûl if he isn't healed. Arwen, an elf and Strider's love interest, finds the group and helps Frodo to Rivendell, where the elves heal him. Gandalf escapes Isengard on a large eagle to Rivendell. Arwen's father, Lord Elrond, holds a council meeting of elves, men, dwarves, and Frodo and Gandalf. The council decides the Ring must be destroyed in Mount Doom. Frodo decides to take the Ring, accompanied by Gandalf, Sam, Merry, Pippin, elf Legolas, dwarf Gimli, Boromir of Gondor, and Strider, who is revealed to actually be Aragorn, who is meant to be the king of Gondor. The group is named the "Fellowship of the Ring". The night before the Fellowship leaves, Bilbo, who now lives in Rivendell, gives Frodo his sword, Sting, which glows blue when orcs are nearby, and a chainmail shirt made of a strong material known as "mithril". 

The Fellowship journeys to the Gap of Rohan, but discover it is being watched by birds (of a species known as "Crebain") who spy for Saruman. They decide to walk through the mountain pass of Caradhras instead, but Saruman uses magic to create a storm. The Fellowship is forced to travel through the Mines of Moria, a mine which used to belong to dwarves. They find out the dwarves there are dead. They are then ambushed by a lake monster. The entrance collapses, trapping them inside. Pippin ends up accidentally awakening the orcs in the mines, leading to a battle. They also kill a cave troll during the battle. The Fellowship then begins running from the orcs, but the orcs flee when an ancient demon known as a "Balrog" awakens. Gandalf saves the Fellowship from the Balrog, but sacrifices himself in doing so. 

Grieved, the Fellowship reaches Lothlórien, a place of elves. Galadriel, the queen of Lothlórien, tells Frodo that only he can complete the quest and one member of the Fellowship will try to take the Ring. Meanwhile, in Isengard, Saruman has created an army of Orc/Men hybrids known as "Uruk-hai" to find and kill the Fellowship. The Fellowship travels by river to the lawn Parth Galen, where Boromir tries to take the Ring from Frodo, as Galadriel predicted. Then, the Uruk-hai scouts, led by a Uruk-hai named "Lurtz", attack the Fellowship. Merry and Pippin distract them to protect Frodo, but are then surrounded; Boromir then comes to their rescue, but Lurtz shoots him multiple times with his bow. The Uruk-hai take Merry and Pippin as they flee. Aragorn then kills Lurtz and comforts Boromir as he dies. 

Meanwhile, Frodo stands at the river by which the Fellowship traveled to Parth Galen, hesitant to continue his quest. He is motivated when remembering something Gandalf said to him in the Mines that people cannot always control what happens to them, but they can choose how to use their time. With this motivation, he gets on a canoe and begins paddling away, having made the decision to go to Mordor alone. Sam finds him and begins swimming to him, despite Frodo telling him to go back. Sam nearly drowns, but Frodo saves him and pulls him onto the canoe. Sam reminds Frodo of a promise he made to Gandalf not to leave him, and they tearfully embrace. Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli set out to save Merry and Pippin, while Frodo and Sam look towards Mordor from the mountain pass of Emyn Muil, where Frodo tells Sam he's glad he's with him. The two continue their journey.


The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers

The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers is a 2002 fantasy epic movie directed by Peter Jackson, serving as the second part to the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy.


The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King

The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is a 2003 fantasy epic movie directed by Peter Jackson, serving as the end to the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy. It notably won all 11 Academy Awards it got nominated for, including Best Picture.


Hunter Tylo

Deborah Jo Hunter (also known as Hunter Tylo; born July 3, 1962, in Fort Worth, Texas) is an American actress. She works mostly in television soap operas. Her first appearance was in "All My Children" in 1985. She was fired three years later. She played Taylor Hayes in "The Bold and the Beautiful". She also acted in other television programs.


Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen


Familial hemiplegic migraine

Familial hemiplegic migraine is a rare type of migraine headache with aura. It is an inherited medical disorder that causes paralysis on one side of the body.

Aqdas

The Aqdas (, ; , ) is the central holy book of the Baha'i Faith. It was written by Bahá'u'lláh, the founder of the Baha'i Faith and it deals with various topics including ethics, prophecies and devotion.

Rene Kulitja

Rene Kulitja (born 1958), also known as Wanuny Kulitja, is an Aboriginal Australian artist. She works with a range of media, including paint, glass and ceramics. Her most famous design is probably "Yananyi Dreaming", which covers a Qantas Boeing 737.

Rene was born in 1958, in Ernabella, South Australia. Her family are Pitjantjatjara people, and her Pitjantjatjara name is Wanuny. She grew up in northern South Australia, and then moved to Docker River after she got married. When Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park was handed back to traditional owners in 1985, the couple moved to Muṯitjulu to work in tourism. Rene became involved in arts and crafts at the women's centre shortly after. She was a founding director of Walkatjara Art.

During the mid-1990s, Kulitja worked with other women artists on the interior design of the park's cultural centre. She also took a course on glasswork techniques at the University of South Australia, along with three other women. After a successful exhibition of work made using these new skills, Kulitja and the other women got a commission from the Ayers Rock Resort at Yulara for a panel of glass decorated with traditional designs.

In 2000, Kulitja was one of over 300 Aboriginal women from Central Australia to perform at the Opening Ceremony of the Summer Olympic Games in Sydney.

In 2002, Kulitja worked with Balarinji Studio in Sydney to design the outside surface of Qantas Boeing 737. The design she painted was of Uluṟu. It was based on traditional designs and sacred Dreaming legends. The fleet was launched on 14 February 2002, with a special ceremony performed by singers and dancers from Muṯitjulu. The word "(y)" means "to go" or "to travel" in Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara. It was the third Qantas aircraft to be painted in an Aboriginal design. Kulitja did something similar again in 2010, when a semi-trailer truck was decorated with another of her designs as part of a national roadshow by Maṟuku Arts.

Kulitja has held an important position within her community for several years. She has been a member of both the Muṯitjulu Community Council and the Board of Management of Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park. In 2006, she became the chairperson of Maṟuku Arts. In October 2007, she was elected for a two-year term as a director on the Ngaanyatjarra, Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara (NPY) Women's Council.

Rene's husband, Richard Kulitja, worked in the tourist industry for many years. In 2004, he accepted an international tourism award in Washington, D.C. on behalf of Aṉangu Tours. Several members of their family have been badly affected by petrol sniffing, which is a widespread problem amongst Aboriginal communities in central Australia. Their son was addicted to sniffing, and was reported to be getting help in 2006. Rene's two brothers also have permanent brain damage caused by their past addictions to the substance. Rene has spoken strongly about addressing the issue within the community.

Kulitja works with a range of media, including paint, glass, ceramics and "" (desert grass). She makes paintings, woven baskets, and glass and ceramic sculptures. An example of her glass work is shown in the National Gallery of Australia. It is a coolamon made of glass (rather than the traditional wood), and has been exhibited in several Australian galleries. She is also known for making traditional-style jewellery using modern techniques and media. Some of her jewellery work was featured on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" when Winfrey visited Uluṟu in December 2010.

Kulitja's work has been shown in many exhibitions across Australia. It has also been exhibited in Belgium and Japan.

Pokémon X and Y

Pokémon X and Y are two role-playing games (RPGs) in the "Pokémon" series made by Game Freak for the Nintendo 3DS. 

The games were announced by Nintendo on January 8, 2013. They were released on October 12, 2013. "X and Y" are the first ever full 3D games in the main "Pokémon" series.

New starting Pokémon were revealed in the announcement video for the game. The starters for "X and Y" are the Grass-type Pokémon, Chespin, the Fire-type Pokémon, Fennekin, and the Water-type Pokémon, Froakie. The announcement video also showed two new legendary Pokémon, Yveltal,(Yah-val-tal) a bird-like Pokémon which has a shape kind of like the letter Y, and Xerneas, a deer-like Pokémon which has X-shapes in its eyes. Another Pokémon, Sylveon, is both a new Eevee evolution and an entirely new type called the Fairy-type, which is strong against Dragon-type Pokémon. Some older Pokémon, like Jigglypuff, Marill, and Gardevoir, have also been changed to be part Fairy-type. There is also a new gameplay element called Mega Evolution. Some Pokémon like Mewtwo, Blaziken, and Lucario are able to power up during a battle if they are holding a Mega Stone. Mega forms of Pokémon are stronger than their normal forms.


Uri, Jammu and Kashmir

Uri () is a town and sub-district of the Baramulla District in Jammu and Kashmir, India. It is located along the Jhelum River.

Kepler (spacecraft)

Kepler is a space observatory launched by NASA to discover Earth-like planets orbiting other stars. The spacecraft, named in honor of the 17th-century German astronomer Johannes Kepler, was launched on 7 March 2009. It was active for as of 31, 2024.
The Kepler mission is "specifically designed to survey a portion of our region of the Milky Way galaxy to discover dozens of Earth-size planets in or near the habitable zone and determine how many of the billions of stars in our galaxy have such planets". It works by the occultation method. A photometer continually monitors the brightness of over 145,000 main sequence stars in a fixed field of view. This data is transmitted to Earth, then analyzed. The aim is to find periodic dimming caused by extrasolar planets which cross in front of their host star. As of January 2013, there are a total of 2,740 candidates.
Kepler is part of NASA's Discovery Program of relatively low-cost primary science missions. The telescope's construction and initial operation were managed by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. To start with, the mission lifetime was 3.5 years. In 2012, this was extended to 2016, partly due to difficulties in processing and analyzing the huge volume of data collected by the spacecraft.
The Kepler space telescope has had to give up its planet-hunting mission because its pointing system has problems which the engineers cannot fix.

Dawn Wells

Dawn Elberta Wells (October 18, 1938 – December 30, 2020) was an American actor, producer and author. She worked mostly in television. She played Mary Ann Summers in the TV series "Gilligan's Island" during the 1960s. Before that, she was Miss Nevada in 1959 and competed in the Miss America Pageant in 1960.

Wells died on December 30, 2020 at the age of 82 in Los Angeles, due to problems caused by COVID-19.

<br>

Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives

The Speaker of the House of Representatives is the person in charge of the House of Representatives, the lower house of the Parliament of Australia. The person in charge of the upper house is the President of the Senate.

The current speaker is Milton Dick. There have been three female speakers, Joan Child, Anna Burke and Bronwyn Bishop.

The office of speaker was created by section 35 of the Constitution of Australia. The role of speaker was copied from the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.

Unlike the Speaker of the House of Commons in the United Kingdom, the Speaker of the House of Representatives is allowed to be a member of a political party (normally the party that forms government provides the Speaker). The current Speaker, Milton Dick, is a member of the Labor Party, the party that currently forms government.

The speaker is elected by the House of Representatives in a secret ballot. The Clerk of the Australian House of Representatives holds the election. There must always be a speaker, and if the position becomes vacant, then an election must take place before the parliament can do anything else.

In Australia the speaker generally remains an active member of their party. They continue to attend party meetings, and at general elections they stand as party candidates. However, Sir Frederick Holder and Peter Slipper resigned from their parties and sat as independents.

The speaker can be opposed at a general election. Three speakers, Groom in 1929, Nairn in 1943 and Aston in 1972 have been defeated at general elections. Because the speaker is always a member of the governing party, they have not continued as speaker following a change of government. The opposition sometimes selects one of its own members for speaker after a general election. This is a symbolic act, and the governing party always supports its own candidates.

Speakers do not have to resign from Parliament at the end of their term. Two speakers, Makin and Scholes, have become cabinet ministers after having been speaker.

Most speakers have been long serving party members. Four speakers have been former government ministers Watt, Groom, Cameron and Sinclair. Martin had been a former parliamentary secretary. Snedden had been both a former minister and Leader of the Opposition. Holder and Watt were former state premiers.

The name "speaker" comes from early times in the House of Commons of England. "Mr Speaker" was the Member of Parliament chosen to speak for them to the king. The first recorded use of the term "speaker" was in 1377.

In earlier times when the king was very powerful, he would usually only call the parliament together in order to get it to agree to new taxes. The speaker would report parliament’s decisions to the king. This was dangerous if it was not what the king wanted to hear. It was not uncommon for early speakers to be beheaded, with another being "murdered". This has led to the modern symbolic show of refusal by a member on being elected speaker. In early days a member’s struggle to avoid being forced into the chair could have been completely genuine. In Australia the tradition is continued by the act of the new speaker being escorted to the chair.

The Speaker's main duty is to be the person in charge of the House. The Speaker is helped by two Deputy Speakers and a group of Acting Speakers. The second Deputy Speaker is elected from an opposition party. These often take charge during routine debates. The Speaker's role is to:

Australian parliaments can be very noisy and often members behave badly. The Speaker has powers to control their behaviour as part of the Standing Orders. The Speaker can tell a Member to leave the House for one hour. For more serious offences, the Speaker may "name" a Member. The Speaker will say "I name the Honourable Member for X." In Parliament Members are always called by the name of their electorate. The House then votes on a motion to remove the Member for 24 hours. The House also had the power to permanently expel a Member. This happened once to Hugh Mahon in 1920. In 1987 a new law was passed and Members can no longer be expelled from the Parliament.

Australian speakers are supposed to be impartial; they are meant to be fair and not to take sides in arguments. They do not take part in debates and they do not usually vote, unless in a rare case the vote is tied. They do not speak out in public about party politics except as part of their own election campaign.

Although not an active political position, the speakers see it as part of their duty to get the government's legislation passed through the house. They usually agree with the government on points of order brought up by opposition members. If the members are unhappy with the speaker they can try to pass motions of dissent, or even of no confidence. These are nearly always defeated as members vote to support their party. 

There have been several famous clashes between speakers and the government.


In 2011, the Speaker Harry Jenkins survived after the house did not support his decision to name Liberal MP Bob Baldwin. The government moved that Baldwin be suspended, but he was supported by the Coalition, independent MP Rob Oakeshott and WA Nationals MP Tony Crook. The vote on suspending Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71–72. Normally the speaker would have resigned, but the House of Representatives immediately approved a motion of confidence in the speaker which was passed. Speaker Jenkins continued in office.

There have been speakers who were not members of the government. Former LNP member Peter Slipper became an independent when the Labor government offered him the job in 2011. Frederick Holder was elected for the Free Trade Party at the first federal election in 1901. He resigned from the party and was an independent speaker until his death in 1909. After the 1940 election, the United Australia Party's Walter Nairn was speaker during the John Curtin's Labor government that was formed in 1941. Opposition MP Carty Salmon was the speaker for Andrew Fisher's Labor government after the 1910 election. At the 1913 election, Labor's Charles McDonald was asked to remain as speaker by the incoming one-seat-majority Commonwealth Liberal Party. He refused but became speaker again after Labor won the 1914 election. McDonald stayed in the job even when the Nationalist Party took government.

A member who is elected speaker is given the title 'The Honourable'. With the approval of the sovereign, this title can be used for life. It is usually only given to those who have served as speaker for three years or more. Harry Jenkins, was the first speaker to ask that "The Hon." not be used for him.

Copying the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, the traditional dress of the speaker is court dress. This can include a black silk gown (similar to a Queen's Counsel gown), a wing collar and a lace jabot or bands (another variation included a white bow tie with a lace jabot), bar jacket, and a full-bottomed wig. The wig used by the speaker was donated by Herbert 'Doc' Evatt when he was elected to the House in 1951. He had worn the wig when he was a High Court justice (1930–1940). The wig is currently on loan from the speaker's office to the Museum of Australian Democracy. On formal occasions they may also wear court shoes and hose. The dress of speakers has often changes according to the party in power, but it is the personal choice of the speaker. All Labor party speakers have worn business suits, following the example set by their first speaker, Charles McDonald.

The speaker, currently, no longer wears the full traditional dress. Billy Snedden (1976–1983) was the last speaker to do so. The Labor practice resumed from 1983 until the election of the Howard Government in 1996. The new speaker Bob Halverson chose to wear the court dress of the speaker upon his election in April 1996, but without the wig. Speaker Ian Sinclair chose to wear normal business clothes during his brief term in 1998. However speakers Andrew and Hawker brought back the wearing of the silk gown. Speaker Jenkins resumed Labor practice from 2007 until the election of Peter Slipper in late 2011. Speaker Slipper wore traditional dress with a white long tie or bow tie. He wore a wing collar with white bow tie and bands on the occasion of his first formal procession into parliament. Speaker Burke returned to the Labor practice of wearing normal business clothes.

Michelle Forbes

Michelle Forbes (born January 8, 1965 in Austin, Texas) is an American actress who has performed in many movies and television programs. She was in the series "True Blood", "", "Guiding Light" and "Homicide: Life on the Street"; she was also in "Swimming with Sharks" and "Escape from L.A.". She also had other projects besides these.

Huell Howser

Huell Burnley Howser (October 18, 1945 – January 7, 2013) was an American actor, comedian, and television personality who is best known for the travel television show "California's Gold".

Howser was born Huell Burnley Howser in Gallatin, Tennessee on October 18, 1945. He studied at University of Tennessee in Knoxville, Tennessee. He was raised in both Knoxville, Tennessee, and in Los Angeles, California.

On January 7, 2013, at 1:11 AM, Howser died in Palm Springs, California of prostate cancer at the age of 67.


Bud Luckey

William Everett "Bud" Luckey (July 28, 1934 – February 24, 2018) was an American animator, artist, cartoonist, composer, designer, musician, singer and voice actor. He was known for designing some of the Disney-Pixar characters such as in "Toy Story", "Monsters, Inc.", "Ratatouille", "Toy Story 2", and in "Toy Story 3". He won an Clio Award and an Annie Award in 2004.

Luckey was born on July 28, 1934 in Billings, Montana. He studied at Chouinard Art Institute and at University of Southern California. He had a son, Andy Luckey. Luckey died after stroke in Newtown, Connecticut on February 24, 2018. He was 83 years old. "Incredibles 2" was dedicated to his memory.

David R. Ellis

David Richard Ellis (September 8, 1952 – January 7, 2013) was an American child actor, movie director, and stuntman. He is known for directing "Snakes on a Plane", "Final Destination", "Cellular", and "Shark Night".

Ellis was born on September 8, 1952 in Santa Monica, California. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Ellis was the brother of Annie Ellis. He had a son, Twany Ellis. Ellis died aged 60 in his hotel room on January 7, 2013 in Johannesburg, South Africa. At the end of his life he was directing "Kite".

Hailee Steinfeld

Hailee Steinfeld (born December 11, 1996) is an American actress and singer. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress on the 2010 remake movie "True Grit".

Hailee Steinfeld was born in Tarzana, Los Angeles. Her mother is Cheri (née Domasin), an interior designer. Her father is Peter Steinfeld, a personal fitness trainer. Her father is Jewish and her mother is of African American, English, Filipino, Irish, Scottish and German descent. Her maternal grandfather, Ricardo Domasin is a Filipino, from Bohol, Philippines. Her older brother, Griffin, is a stock car driver. Steinfeld calls him her best friend on some of her Tweets. She was raised in Agoura Hills and in Thousand Oaks, California. She attended Ascension Lutheran School, Conejo Elementary, and Colina Middle School. She has been home-schooled since 2008, because of bullying.

Hailee Steinfeld started acting when she was ten years old, appearing in various short films, like the role of Talia Alden in "She's a Fox." She also had several appearances in TV shows and commercials. At the age of thirteen, she was chosen to play Mattie Ross in the Coen brothers' western movie "True Grit," which was released in December 2010. Her performance was praised by critics, with Richard Corliss from Time magazine calling it one of the top 10 film performances of 2010. He noted that Steinfeld delivered her lines naturally, portrayed the character convincingly, and won the hearts of the audience. Roger Ebert, the Los Angeles Times, and Rolling Stone also gave positive reviews of her performance. This role earned Hailee Steinfeld an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress in 2011. Just five months after "True Grit" was released, she was chosen as the new face of the Italian designer brand Miu Miu.

Free as a Bird

Free as a Bird may mean:

Erin Gray

Erin Gray (born January 7, 1950, Honolulu, Hawaii) is an American actress. She acts mostly in television programs. She played Kate Summers in the 1980s sitcom "Silver Spoons". She also acted in a few movies.

Patrice O'Neal

Patrice Lumumba Malcolm Oneal (December 7, 1969 – November 29, 2011) was an American comedian, radio and television personality, and actor who is known for his type 2 diabetes health jokes and for his insult comedy.

O'Neal was born on December 7, 1969 in New York City, New York. He was raised in Boston, Massachusetts. O'Neal studied at West Roxbury High School and at Northeastern University. During his career he was influenced by George Carlin, Eddie Murphy, and by Richard Pryor. O'Neal had one child, Aymilyon. O'Neal died on November 29, 2011 from a diabetic stroke in Englewood, New Jersey, aged 41.


Plessis-Saint-Jean

Plessis-Saint-Jean is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Accolay, Yonne

Accolay is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Deux Rivières.

Aigremont, Yonne

Aigremont is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Aillant-sur-Tholon

Aillant-sur-Tholon is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Montholon.

Aisy-sur-Armançon

Aisy-sur-Armançon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ancy-le-Franc

Ancy-le-Franc is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ancy-le-Libre

Ancy-le-Libre is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Andryes

Andryes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Angely

Angely is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Annay-la-Côte

Annay-la-Côte is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Annay-sur-Serein

Annay-sur-Serein is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Annéot

Annéot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Annoux

Annoux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Appoigny

Appoigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Arces-Dilo

Arces-Dilo is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Arcy-sur-Cure

Arcy-sur-Cure is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Argentenay

Argentenay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Argenteuil-sur-Armançon

Argenteuil-sur-Armançon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Armeau

Armeau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Arthonnay

Arthonnay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Asnières-sous-Bois

Asnières-sous-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Asquins

Asquins is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Athie, Yonne

Athie is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Augy, Yonne

Augy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Avallon

Avallon is a French commune. It is in the south of the Yonne department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, to the southeast of Paris, and is a subprefecture in the department. It is also the capital of the "arrrondissement" of Avallon.

The city of Avallon is in the southeastern part of the Yonne department. The city is on small hills along the Cousin river, a river that flows mainly in the Yonne department.

The "commune" of Avallon has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The city of Avallon is surrounded by the "communes":

The Köppen climate classification type for Avallon is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The inhabitants of Avallon are known, in French, as "Avallonnais" (women: "Avallonnaises").

With a population of 7025, Avallon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Avallon

Avallon is a subprefecture of the Yonne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Avallon and the administrative centre () of the canton Avallon formed by 27 "communes", with 14,851 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Avallon, Vézelay, Morvan" ().

Avallon is twinned with:


Some interesting places in Avallon are:



Bagneaux

Bagneaux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Baon

Baon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Joan Van Ark

Joan Van Ark (born June 16, 1943 in New York City) is an American actress. She acts mostly in television series. She played Valene Ewing in the soap opera series "Knots Landing". She also played Gloria Fisher Abbott in CBS' daytime soap opera "The Young and the Restless". She appeared in other programs as well.

Supertramp (album)

Supertramp is the first album of Supertramp. A&M Records released it in July 1970, but it was not released in the United States until 1977. Supertramp recorded this album in June 1970 in Willesden. Richard Palmer wrote all the lyrics of the songs. Rick Davies and Roger Hodgson wrote all the music.


Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association

The Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association (CAAMA) is an Australian organisation that supports Aboriginal music and culture. It was created as a public radio station in 1980, and started broadcasting in Alice Springs in 1988. CAAMA now operates several companies in the communications, music, film and radio industries. CAAMA Productions is currently the largest indigenous production studio in Australia.

The CAAMA Group includes:


Division of Lalor

The Division of Lalor is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of Victoria. It is located in the outer western suburbs of Melbourne. It includes the suburbs of Werribee, Point Cook, Laverton, Rockbank and Melton.

The Division was drawn up on 11 May 1949, for the 1949 Federal election. It was named after Peter Lalor, the leader of the miners at the Eureka Stockade, and a former member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly. 

Barry Jones was the Minister for Science under Bob Hawke and Labor National President. Jim Cairns, was the Treasurer and Deputy Prime Minister under Gough Whitlam. As Julia Gillard was Deputy Prime Minister prior to becoming Prime Minister, Lalor is the only federal electorate to have been held by two Deputy Prime Ministers.


Bassou

Bassou is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Bazarnes

Bazarnes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Beaumont, Yonne

Beaumont is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Bernouil

Bernouil is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Béru

Béru is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Bessy-sur-Cure

Bessy-sur-Cure is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.

Beauvilliers, Yonne

Beauvilliers is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Beauvoir, Yonne

Beauvoir is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Beine

Beine is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Bellechaume

Bellechaume is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


La Belliole

La Belliole is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Abrest

Abrest is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Agonges

Agonges is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Ainay-le-Château

Ainay-le-Château is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Andelaroche

Andelaroche is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Archignat

Archignat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Arfeuilles

Arfeuilles is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Arpheuilles-Saint-Priest

Arpheuilles-Saint-Priest is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Arronnes

Arronnes is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Aubigny, Allier

Aubigny is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Audes

Audes is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Aurouër

Aurouër is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Autry-Issards

Autry-Issards is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Avermes

Avermes is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Avrilly, Allier

Avrilly is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Richard Blanco

Richard Blanco is an American poet.

He was born in Madrid, Spain on February 15, 1968. His family had just left Cuba. Then the family went to New York. After that, they moved to Miami, Florida. He grew up there.
Blanco graduated from Florida International University in Civil Engineering in 1991. Then he got a Masters in Fine Arts in Creative Writing in 1997. 

After 1999, he traveled and lived in Guatemala and Brazil. He taught at Georgetown University, American University, and Central Connecticut State University. Later, he returned to Miami and lived there. Now he lives in Maine. 

In January 2013 he read his poem "One Today" at the second inauguration (swearing-in ceremony) of America's President Barack Obama.

His work has appeared in some magazines. These include "The Nation", "Ploughshares", "Indiana Review", "Michigan Quarterly Review", "TriQuarterly Review", "New England Review", and "Americas Review".






Bagneux, Allier

Bagneux is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Villefranche-d'Allier

Villefranche-d'Allier is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-sur-Allier

Villeneuve-sur-Allier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Viplaix

Viplaix is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vitray

Vitray is a former commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Meaulne-Vitray.


Voussac

Voussac is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Barberier

Barberier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Barrais-Bussolles

Barrais-Bussolles is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bayet

Bayet is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Beaulon

Beaulon is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Beaune-d'Allier

Beaune-d'Allier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bègues

Bègues is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bellenaves

Bellenaves is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bellerive-sur-Allier

Bellerive-sur-Allier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bert, Allier

Bert is a French commune that is in the Allier department in the center of France.



Bessay-sur-Allier

Bessay-sur-Allier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Besson, Allier

Besson is a French commune that is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bézenet

Bézenet is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Billezois

Billezois is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Billy, Allier

Billy is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Biozat

Biozat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bizeneuille

Bizeneuille is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Busset

Busset is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Blomard

Blomard is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bost, Allier

Bost is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Boucé, Allier

Boucé is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bransat

Bransat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Bouchaud

Le Bouchaud is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bourbon-l'Archambault

Bourbon-l'Archambault is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Janice Dickinson

Janice Doreen Dickinson (who was born on February 15, 1955) is an American model who was very popular in 1970s and 1980s. She was born in Brooklyn, New York City and is of Polish maternal descent. She has been on the cover of many magazines, which include "Vogue", "Marie Claire" and "Cosmopolitan". She has been on several reality television shows.

In March 2016, it was revealed that Dickinson has been diagnosed with breast cancer.

Braize

Braize is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bresnay

Bresnay is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bressolles, Allier

Bressolles is a French commune that is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Brethon

Le Brethon is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Breuil, Allier

Le Breuil is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Broût-Vernet

Broût-Vernet is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Brugheas

Brugheas is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Buxières-les-Mines

Buxières-les-Mines is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Celle, Allier

La Celle is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.



Cérilly, Allier

Cérilly is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Cesset

Cesset is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Chabanne

La Chabanne is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France. In 2017, 186 people lived there.



Chambérat

Chambérat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chamblet

Chamblet is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chantelle, Allier

Chantelle is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chapeau, Allier

Chapeau is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Chapelaude

La Chapelaude is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Chapelle, Allier

La Chapelle is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Chapelle-aux-Chasses

La Chapelle-aux-Chasses is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chappes, Allier

Chappes is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chareil-Cintrat

Chareil-Cintrat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Charmeil

Charmeil is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Charmes, Allier

Charmes is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Charroux, Allier

Charroux is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chassenard

Chassenard is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Château-sur-Allier

Château-sur-Allier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Châtel-de-Neuvre

Châtel-de-Neuvre is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Ygrande

Ygrande is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Yzeure

Yzeure is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Châtel-Montagne

Châtel-Montagne is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Châtelperron

Châtelperron is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Châtelus, Allier

Châtelus is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Châtillon, Allier

Châtillon is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chazemais

Chazemais is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chavenon

Chavenon is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chavroches

Chavroches is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chemilly, Allier

Chemilly is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chevagnes

Chevagnes is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chezelle

Chezelle is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chézy, Allier

Chézy is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chirat-l'Église

Chirat-l'Église is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Chouvigny

Chouvigny is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Cindré

Cindré is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Cognat-Lyonne

Cognat-Lyonne is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Colombier, Allier

Colombier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Commentry

Commentry is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France. Today, about 6500 people live in the city. The city developed, because of the coal reserves that were found nearby. After the Second World War, a chemical industry developed. The other pillar of the industry was a steel mill, which is also in the city. In 1882, the first socialist mayor of France is elected in Commentry, Christophe Thivrier. In 1902, the Socialist Party of France was founded in Commentry. The city of COmmentry only lies 8 km from the geographical center of France itself.


Contigny

Contigny is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Cosne-d'Allier

Cosne-d'Allier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Coulandon

Coulandon is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Coulanges, Allier

Coulanges is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Couleuvre

Couleuvre is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Courçais

Courçais is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Coutansouze

Coutansouze is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Couzon

Couzon is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Créchy

Créchy is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Cressanges

Cressanges is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Creuzier-le-Neuf

Creuzier-le-Neuf is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Creuzier-le-Vieux

Creuzier-le-Vieux is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.

Deneuille-lès-Chantelle

Deneuille-lès-Chantelle is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Cusset

Cusset is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Deneuille-les-Mines

Deneuille-les-Mines is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Désertines, Allier

Désertines is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Deux-Chaises

Deux-Chaises is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Diou, Allier

Diou is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Domérat

Domérat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Dompierre-sur-Besbre

Dompierre-sur-Besbre is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Doyet

Doyet is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Droiturier

Droiturier is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Durdat-Larequille

Durdat-Larequille is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Ébreuil

Ébreuil is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Échassières

Échassières is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vicq, Allier

Vicq is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Murat, Allier

Murat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Nades

Nades is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Nassigny

Nassigny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.



Naves, Allier

Naves is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Petite-Marche

La Petite-Marche is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Escurolles

Escurolles is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Espinasse-Vozelle

Espinasse-Vozelle is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Estivareilles, Allier

Estivareilles is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France. It is about 10 km north of Montluçon on the right-hand side of the Cher river. There is a lavoir (a public washing basin), a lantern of the dead and a church from the nineteenth century.


Étroussat

Étroussat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Koobi Fora

Koobi Fora is a region around Koobi Fora Ridge, on the eastern shore of Lake Turkana, Kenya. It is in the territory of the nomadic Gabbra people. The term East Turkana can be used for the whole area.

The ridge is an outcrop of mainly Pliocene/Pleistocene sediments. It is composed of claystones, siltstones, and sandstones that preserve numerous fossils of land mammals, including early hominin species. The ridge is being eroded into a badlands terrain by a series of ephemeral rivers that drain into the northeast portion of modern Lake Turkana. 

In 1968 Richard Leakey established the Koobi Fora Base Camp on a large sandspit projecting into the lake near the ridge, which he called the Koobi Fora Spit. A survey and numerous excavations showed the region was a source of hominin fossils from the last 4.2 million years. Far exceeding the number of humanoid fossils are the non-humanoid fossils, which give us a look at the fauna and flora as far back as the Miocene.

In 1973, the government of Kenya reserved the region as Sibiloi National Park, establishing a headquarters for the National Museums of Kenya on Koobi Fora Spit. The reserve is well-maintained and is well-guarded by friendly but armed park police. Protection of sites and especially of wildlife are of prime concern.

Exploration and excavation are done by the Koobi Fora Research Project (KFRP), which collaborates with universities and individuals around the world.

The simple hierarchy of scientific places for Koobi Fora is the following: Koobi Fora is the region; the region is divided into fossil collecting areas; within fossil collection areas there are archaeological sites and hominid paleontological localities. 

Locating and referencing the hundreds of sites in the Koobi Fora region has been an ongoing process. The entire reservation was divided into somewhat over 100 numbered areas. In the year 2000 the KFRP went over to a GPS system.

Some notable areas are as follows.

The first archaeological site, i.e., FxJj 1, was found in Area 105. It is nicknamed the KBS site for Kay Behrensmeyer Site, after the researcher who first found stone tools there. This site is also the place where the first tuff was found, i.e., the KBS Tuff.

It is known as the location of skull 1470, discovered by Bernard Ngeneo in 1972, reconstructed by Meave Leakey, later reconstructed and named "Homo habilis" by Richard Leakey, as possibly the first of the genus "Homo", and finally "Homo rudolfensis". Richard Leakey found it 45 m below the 1.89 my KBS tuff; thus, it is older than that date, but is conventionally dated to it.

Searching for and finding fossils in such a large area is another difficult problem. One solution has been to organize all persons present into a group to sweep a designated area. Richard Leakey devised a method that produced better results: he organized and trained a search team of Kenyans, which became known as "the hominid gang", under the leadership of Kamoya Kimeu. They have discovered the majority of the fossil Hominins, which currently amount to over 200.

Koobi Fora is perhaps best known for its specimens of the genus "Homo", but those of the genus "Australopithecus" also have been found. The following species are represented:

"Australopithecus" and "Homo" seem to have coexisted in the region for about one million years. One possible explanation is different food sources. It is believed that "Australopithecus" became extinct and "Homo" went on to generate later species.

Large quantities of stone tools have been found at Koobi Fora both on the surface and in caches, which have dates of their own, but are seldom in association with hominins. No other candidates for their manufacture have been found, however. The tools are Oldowan and Acheulean. The Koobi Fora community has devised the following teminology to describe three local industries:

With the change from Olduwan to Acheulean technique, hominins got more of a return for a given output of energy and could do more. The chief technological development was the edge of the handax. The advantage of the "core reduction strategy" was more and thinner flakes per mass of cores. More and better flakes meant better use of carcasses and therefore a need for fewer carcasses, less hunting, etc. Moreover, the increased number of flakes available made ranging farther from the source of the stone possible and gave more staying power to the hunt.

Koobi Fora is underlain by Pliocene basalts and filled with nearly 600 meters of Pliocene-Pleistocene sediments, dating from about four-million to one-million years ago.

Most early human fossils and archaeological remains come from the upper portion of the Burgi Member, the KBS Member, and the Okote Member. The members reflect changing environments in the Turkana Basin, from lake and delta ones during Burgi Member times to rivers and floodplains in Okote Member times.

The stratigraphy of the Koobi Fora Formation is one of the best studied and calibrated in East Africa. Controversial dating of the KBS Tuff during the 1970s helped to spearhead the development of modern potassium/argon and argon/argon geological dating methods. In addition, the unique fusion between geochronology and mammal evolutionary studies has made the Koobi Fora Formation a standard for all of Pliocene-Pleistocene Africa.

Ferrières-sur-Sichon

Ferrières-sur-Sichon is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Suzanne Cleary

Suzanne Cleary is an American poet. She was born in Binghamton, New York. She grew up there. She has an M.A. in Writing from Washington University, and a Ph.D. in Literature and Criticism from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. She is Professor of English at State University of New York at Rockland.

"I love to read poems where I think the poet includes something that may not work or almost doesn't work. To me that's an exciting kind of risk."






Layne Staley

Layne Thomas Staley (August 22, 1967 – April 5, 2002) was an American musician. He was the lead singer of the rock band Alice in Chains. He was born in the city of Kirkland, Washington.

Layne Staley first played in a band called Sleze which consisted of Shorewood High School students as well as future members of the bands The Dehumanizers and Second Coming. The band morphed into Alice 'N Chains in 1986 and mostly played cover versions of Slayer and Armored Saint songs. Alice 'N Chains disbanded and Staley joined a funk band afterwards. The band needed a guitarist so Staley asked Jerry Cantrell to be a sideman for the band. Cantrell agreed but only if Staley joined his band. After the funk band disbanded, Staley joined Cantrell's band full-time and they renamed the band Alice in Chains.

While he was with Alice in Chains, They released their debut album "Facelift" which featured the hit single, "Man in the Box" which was written by Staley. They then released an EP called "SAP" on February 4, 1992 and released their second studio album "Dirt" on September 29, 1992. 

The band didn't tour for "Dirt" very long because of Staley's drug addiction. Cantrell often wrote the lyrics for the band but Staley wrote more songs as time went on and was eventually credited with writing half of the band's catalog until their fourth studio album, "Black Gives Way to Blue". When Staley wrote lyrics, they were often about dealing with his personal problems like drug use and depression.

The other band members decided not to tour for their third studio EP "Jar of Flies" because of Staley's condition becoming progressively worse. Staley decided that he would enter a rehabilitation clinic after Jar of Flies and started a side project with Mike McCready of Pearl Jam and Barrett Martin of Screaming Trees called The Gacy Bunch. They later changed their name to Mad Season. During his time in Mad Season, they released 1 studio album, "Above" which featured the singles "River of Deceit" and "I Don't Know Anything".

Staley's physical condition was changing during the hiatus of Alice in Chains and his addiction started to become more known to the public. Alice in Chains reunited to record the self-titled album "Alice in Chains", also commonly referred to as "Tripod" and it was released on November 7, 1995.

In October 1996, Staley's ex-fiancée, Demri Lara Parrott, died from complications caused by drug use. Her death made Staley even more depressed. He removed himself from the spotlight until he joined Alice in Chains at the Grammy Awards in 1997 after the song "Again" was nominated for "Best Hard Rock Performance". He recorded two songs for the Music Bank box set and producer Dave Jerden said that "Staley weighed 80 pounds…and was white as a ghost." 

Staley hardly left his condo from 1999 to 2002. 

On April 19, 2002, police kicked in Staley's apartment door to find Staley dead on his couch. His autopsy reported that a combination of heroin and cocaine known as a "speedball" that he had injected was a factor in his death. Staley was reported to be 6'1" and weigh only 86 pounds when his body was discovered, mainly because of his body decomposing due to him being discovered two weeks after his death.


Montluçon

Montluçon is a "commune" in central France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, on the Cher river. It is the "commune" in the department with largest population, although the department's "préfecture" is in the smaller city of Moulins.

The town is the historical capital of the old province of "Bourbonnais" and was part of the mediaeval Duchy of Bourbon.

Montluçon was built in the Middle Ages. The first mention of a place called "Monte Lucii" is from the eleventh century. Guillaume, son of Archambaud IV of Bourbon, built a castle on a small rocky hill on the Cher river.

The town, which formed part of the duchy of Bourbon, was taken by the English in 1171, and by Philip II of France in 1181; finally, in the 14th century, the English had to leave the town.

In the 14th century, Louis II de Bourbon re-built the castle and walls of the town. Montluçon and other Burgundian lands went back to the French crown in 1529, and Henry IV further improved the defenses.

The "commune" of Montluçon is on the northwestern part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, on the northern part of the Massif Central. The city is on the Cher river.

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The city is from Moulins, from Clermont-Ferrand and from Paris.

Montluçon is surrounded by the "communes" Saint-Victor, Désertines, Saint-Angel, Néris-les-Bains, Lavault-Sainte-Anne, Prémilhat and Domérat.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Montluçon is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype "Cfb".

The inhabitants of Montluçon are known, in French, as "Montluçonnais" (women: "Montluçonnaises").

With a population of 37,289, Montluçon is the largest city of the Allier department. It has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Montluçon

Montluçon forms, with other 6 "communes", the urban area of Montluçon with a population of 56,928 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Montluçon, formed by 38 "communes", with a population of 78,702 inhabitants (2014) and an area of .

Montluçon is a subprefecture of the Allier department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Montluçon and the administrative centre () of four cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Montluçon Communauté".

Montluçon is twinned with:

Some interesting places in Montluçon are:




Steel mill

A Steel mill or steelworks is an industrial plant where steel is manufactured. Steel is an alloy of carbon and iron. Usually steel is produced in two stages: First, iron ore is reduced (or smelted) with coke and limestone. This is done in a blast furnace, and the result is pig iron. The part that is not used for pig iron is carried on as "molten iron". Impurities are removed, and alloying elements such as manganese, nickel, chromium and vanadium are added to produce the exact steel required. Steel mills then turn molten steel into blooms, ingots, slabs and sheet through casting, hot rolling and cold rolling.

Shelley Long

Shelley Long (born on August 23, 1949 in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is an American television actress. She received several Emmy and Golden Globe Awards for her role as Diane Chambers in the sitcom "Cheers". She was also in a few movies.

Caserta

Caserta is a city in Campania in Italy. In Caserta there are 1 million people. The main building of Caserta is the Reggia di Caserta in Italian or 'a' regg' e' 'casert ' in Napolitan dialect.

Jane Curtin

Jane Curtin (born September 6, 1947, Massachusetts) is an American comedian and actress. She received several Emmy Awards for her acting. She played Allison Lowell in the sitcom "Kate & Allie". She played Mary in "3rd Rock from the Sun".

Lantern of the dead

A Lantern of the Dead is a free-standing structure much like a tower. They were built during the Middle Ages mostly in central France. In the upper part of the structure there is an opening, which can hold a light. Most of these larnerns were built in the 12th and 13th century. Their exact function is unclear, as there are no written sources about them. One of the theories states that they were built to satisfy different other beliefs, which had been around before Christianity. One of the ideas was that the deceased needed a light to find their way home. 
Lanterns of the dead exist in different forms: cylindrical, square, as a hexagon, or polygon, as a column. Sometimes they are attached to a chapel.

Lavoir

A lavoir is a public place where people were able to wash their clothes. Very often, these basins were near a river. Such places were built from about the 18th century onwards. Today, many have been restored and are tourist attractions.

Judith Krantz

Judith Krantz (January 9, 1928 – June 22, 2019) was an American author. She mostly wrote romance novels. One of them is "Till We Meet Again". She wrote freelance articles for "Cosmopolitan" and "Ladies' Home Journal". She was born in New York City.

Krantz died on June 22, 2019, at her home in the Bel Air neighborhood of Los Angeles. She was 91.

James M. Buchanan

James McGill Buchanan, Jr. (October 3, 1919 – January 9, 2013) was an American economist and educator. He is known for his public choice theory. His theories helped scientists figure out political science. Buchanan won the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1968 for his theory.

Buchanan was born on October 3, 1919 in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. His ancestry includes Scottish and Irish. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois and in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. Buchanan studied at University of Chicago, at the University of Tennessee, and at the State Teachers College, Murfreesboro.

Buchanan is the founder of a new Virginia school of political economy. Buchanan is largely responsible for the rebirth of political economy in the second half of 20th century.
The term "constitutional economics" was used by James M. Buchanan as a name for a new academic sub-discipline. Buchanan’s work in 1986 brought him the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences for his "development of the contractual and constitutional bases for the theory of economic and political decision-making."
Buchanan rejects "any organic conception of the state" as superior in wisdom, to the citizens of this state." This philosophical position forms the basis of constitutional economics. Buchanan believes that every constitution is created for at least several generations of citizens. It must be able to balance interests of the state, society, and each individual.

In 2001 Buchanan received an honorary doctoral degree from Universidad Francisco Marroquín, in Guatemala City, Guatemala, for his contribution to economics.
The "New York Times" commented that the Nobel Prize-winning economist who championed public choice theory influenced a "generation of conservative thinking about deficits, taxes, and the size of government".

He was influenced by Frank Knight, Knut Wicksell, and by Ludwig von Mises. He has influenced Elinor Ostrom.

He was married to Ann Bakke from 1945 until his death in 2013. They had no children. Buchanan died on January 9, 2013, in Blacksburg, Virginia. He was 93 and he died from natural causes.



The Last Stand

The Last Stand is a 2013 American action crime movie. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Forest Whitaker star. The earlier plays Ray Owens, and the latter plays John Bannister. This action drama also has Johnny Knoxville acting in it.


Ronald Gamarra Herrera

Dr. Ronald Álex Gamarra Herrera (born December 10 1958) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician. From 2008-2010 he was Executive Secretary of the Coordinadora Nacional de Derechos Humanos (National Coordinator for Human Rights of Peru) and one of the lawyers representing the civil parties -the families of the Barrios Altos and La Cantuta victims- in the proceedings against former president Alberto Fujimori.

Gamarra Herrera was born in Lima in 1958. He studied law at the National University of San Marcos. He studied for a Master's degree in Law from the National Defense University, funded by the United States Department of Defense. He is currently a professor at the Faculty of Law and Political Science at the National University of San Marcos. 

Vincent Forrester

Vincent Forrester (born 1952) is an Aboriginal Australian activist, artist and community leader. Forrester was a founding member of a number of Aboriginal organisations in central Australia. He lives at Muṯitjulu, where he has served as the chairman of the community council. During the 1980s, he served as an advisor on indigenous affairs to the governments of Malcolm Fraser and Bob Hawke.

Forrester has been a prominent political activist on issues affecting indigenous Australians for many years. He has been a strong critic of the Intervention in the Northern Territory, and the lack of economic and educational development in communities affected by it.

Forrester was born in 1952 in Alice Springs. His family is a mixture of Luritja and Arranda, but one of his grandfathers was Scottish. Vincent grew up on a cattle station in the Angas Downs area. He learned from his grandparents about the sacred legends associated with his country, and about bush foods and bush medicine. He went through initiation when he reached maturity.

As a young teenager, Forrester worked as a station-hand and stockman. Later, he worked in an abattoir. For three years, he served in the army in Townsville. At various other times he worked as a horse-riding clown and a rodeo rider.

Forrester's first language is Luritja, but he also speaks English and Arrernte.

Forrester has been an activist for Aboriginal Australians for most of his life. While growing up in Angas Downs in the 1960s, Forrester grew angry with what he saw as a lack of human rights for indigenous people. He rebelled against the government's assimilation policies during his school years, and then joined the campaign for indigenous land rights.

During the 1970s, after returning from the army, Forrester helped to set up the Central Australian Aboriginal Congress (CAAC), a health care service for indigenous people. He served as a field officer, and then later as its secretary. He also helped to set up the Central Land Council. In 1982, he represented Australia at the first session of the United Nations Working Group on Indigenous Populations, held in Geneva. In the middle of the 1980s, he helped to set up the Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association (CAAMA). He has served as the organisation's treasurer, manager, and as a board member of its television network, Imparja.

In November 1977, aged in his mid-20s, Forrester became a founding member of the National Aboriginal Conference (NAC). He was elected chairman for the Northern Territory in October 1981. In this position, he would serve as an advisor to the governments of Malcolm Fraser and Bob Hawke on matters relating to indigenous people.

In 1979, a group called the National Aboriginal Government occupied Capital Hill in Canberra and set up the Tent Embassy. Kevin Gilbert and other protesters demanded that the federal government enter into negotiations for a treaty with Aboriginal people. Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser said he would only discuss the matter with the NAC, since it was the only elected body representing Aboriginals. Shortly after, the NAC began working on a draft proposal for this treaty. The government was opposed to the word "treaty", so the NAC chose to use a Yolgnu word, "Makarrata".

After his appointment as the NAC chairman for the Northern Territory, Forrester was put on the subcommittee in charge of drafting the "Makarrata" proposal. The proposal was for a treaty that recognised the sovereignty of Aboriginal nations in Australia. People wanted the government of Australia to deal with Aboriginal nations as it would deal with another sovereign nation under international law. Through the 1980s, the support for this treaty amongst Aboriginal people grew steadily. After talking with Aboriginal communities in his home region, Forrester was convinced that his people were in favour of a treaty. He argued, however, that the negotiations should be done under the oversight of the United Nations.

The NAC was dissolved by the Hawke government in 1985. Despite this, planning on the content and principles of the "Makarrata" proposal continued, with Forrester staying very involved. The campaign for the treaty remained strong through the 1980s, reaching its height in 1988. Forrester did an interview with Kevin Gilbert about it on CAAMA radio in 1989.

As more and more Aboriginal people around Uluṟu became involved in tourism, Forrester began working as a tour guide at Kings Canyon. He later became a ranger for Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park, and a mentor at Alice Springs Desert Park, training young Aboriginal people as guides and park rangers. He believed tourism and conservation had excellent opportunities for Aboriginal people. He was firmly against any economic development that comes from uranium mining. A lot of central Australian communities depend on grants to mining companies for income, but Forrester argues that this reliance must be broken.

While working in tourism, Forrester became outspoken about the lack of job opportunities for indigenous people living in the centre of Australia. Because of this, he said, the communities were living in poverty, and that the situation would continue to get worse until the federal government began talking to the communities directly. A lot of the problem, Forrester claimed, was due to racism. He called the situation "economic apartheid". He also acknowledged, however, that most people from indigenous-speaking communities lacked the literacy in English needed to keep a job. Most adults could not read and write, and the younger people did not have enough access to education. As a result, Forrester worked for several years in developing school curricula. In May 2011, the Ayers Rock Resort at Yulara was sold to the Indigenous Land Corporation. At the time of the sale, two out of the 700 people working at the resort were indigenous. At the start of 2013, it was reported that the number of indigenous workers had risen to 170; 35% of them were from Muṯitjulu.

Despite being critical of Malcolm Fraser whilst he was in office, Forrester later reflected that Fraser was one of the few Prime Ministers who sat down to talk with indigenous communities about issues affecting them.

In 2006, an ABC television program reported that children in Muṯitjulu as young as five had contracted sexually transmitted diseases and that girls were being prostituted for petrol. Indigenous Affairs Minister Mal Brough claimed that children at Muṯitjulu were being sexually abused. This caused serious anger from Muṯitjulu leaders. When Brough visited the community in October, Forrester shouted at the minister and demanded that he say sorry.

A formal inquiry later found that alcoholism and child sexual abuse were widespread in remote Aboriginal communities of the Territory. In response, in 2007, the government of John Howard introduced a series of measures aimed at addressing the problem. It is often referred to as "the intervention". The measures were seen as racially discriminatory by many people, including Forrester. He was already a leader in Muṯitjulu at the time. In February 2008, he travelled to the Tent Embassy in Canberra to hear the new Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd, formally say sorry to the members of the Stolen Generations. While he was there, he talked with other indigenous people from the Territory about the effects of the intervention. The group then met with politicians at Parliament House to discuss their demands. Forrester called the intervention an "occupation" of indigenous lands by the military, and demanded that the polices be stopped. He encouraged Aboriginal people in the Territory to disobey the intervention laws in protest.

Forrester argued that the social problems can be avoided if the government provides the right kind of schools and services. Despite statistics showing that the number of sex crimes against children in Muṯitjulu was going down, Forrester maintained that the community was still in crisis. He pointed to the fact that the population of Muṯitjulu had also decreased by more than 40%; people were leaving. Forrester claimed that the government has been too slow in dealing with the source of the problem (jobs and education), and that life in Muṯitjulu has only gotten worse since the intervention laws.

In 2009, Forrester was made chairman of the Muṯitjulu Community Council. Around this time his brother was accused of corruption and Vincent with the rest of the community council board forced his brother's resignation. He now lives on the outskirts of Alice Springs semi-retired but also a member of the National First Nations Uluru Constitutional Convention Board

Forrester began painting in the early 1990s. He paints stories from the Dreamtime. He has said that his art represents a story and a "spiritual legacy" for his descendants. Originally, he used acrylic paints, but he has since began using natural ground-up paint made at Uluṟu. Traditional methods, tools and techniques are used to grind natural pigments into powder form, and then mixed with a binder to become a thick, sticky paint. The colours Forrester uses in his paintings are the traditional colours used for ceremonial body paint.

His painting "Resurrection at Mutitujulu Waterhole", done using these methods, was chosen as a finalist for the Togart Contemporary Art Award in 2012. It depicts the waterhole at Uluṟu, and the story of (rainbow serpent). It was part of a series dedicated to women.


Division of Warringah

The Division of Warringah is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
It is located in the Northern Beaches region of Sydney. It covers most of the land between Middle Harbour and the Pacific Ocean. It extends from Port Jackson in the south to the suburb of Dee Why in the north. It includes the suburbs of Mosman, Balgowlah, Manly, Brookvale, Beacon Hill and Forestville.

The Division was named after the Warringah area of Sydney. This is an Aboriginal Australian word which means "rain", "waves" or "sea". The Division was created on 13 September 1922, for the 1922 Federal election. The seat is currently a safe Liberal seat. It has always been held by a member of a conservative party. It is currently held by Zali Steggall.


Division of Lowe

The Division of Lowe was a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. It was located in the inner western suburbs of Sydney, on the south shore of the Parramatta River. It included the suburbs of Drummoyne, Five Dock, Croydon, Croydon Park, Burwood, Enfield, Homebush, Strathfield, Concord, Rhodes, Canada Bay, Cabarita, Abbotsford and Mortlake.

The Division was named after the Rt Hon Robert Lowe, 1st Viscount Sherbrooke. Lowe had been a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Council, and former Home Secretary of the United Kingdom. The Division was created in 11 May 1949, for the 1949 federal election. It was first held by Sir William McMahon, who held the seat for over 32 years, until 1982. He was Prime Minister 1971-72. 

In 2009 the seat of Lowe was abolished. Most of the area was added to the nearby Division of Reid.


There was a by-election in Lowe in 1982 after Sir William McMahon resigned from the parliament.

Maroda

Maroada is a small village in Patti Kandwalsyun, Pauri Garhwal, Uttarakhand, India. It is in the mountains of Uttarakhand. It is only 9 km away from Devpryag, on the way to Pauri. Devpryag is a very famous pilgrimage for Hindus as it is the starting point of the Holy river Ganga. The village is in the foot-hills of Jai Daanda Nagraja Mandir.

Indelibly Stamped

Indelibly Stamped is the second studio album of Supertramp. A&M Records released it in June 1971. "Indelibly Stamped" was Supertramp's first album that was released in the United States. Supertramp recorded this album in April and May 1971 in London.

All songs written by Rick Davies and Roger Hodgson, except where noted.

All lead vocals by Rick Davies, except where noted.


Production

The Carrie Diaries

The Carrie Diaries is an American television series. It is a prequel to the program "Sex and the City". The subject of this series is Carrie Bradshaw during the 1980s in Connecticut and New York City. Carrie is played by AnnaSophia Robb. The show was cancelled by The CW on May 8, 2014.

Udhampur

Udhampur () is a city and a sub-district of Udhampur District in Jammu and Kashmir, India. It is the headquarters of the district's government.

Chloe Bridges

Chloe Bridges (born December 27, 1991) is an American actress. She works mostly in movies. She has also done some television programs. She starred in the comedic drama "Forget Me Nots", and played Donna in "The Carrie Diaries". She was born in Houma, Louisiana.

Bridges married actor and comedian Adam DeVine in 2021.

Palaeoptera

The Palaeoptera is the group of primitive (basal) winged insects which do not fold the wings back over the abdomen, as Neoptera do. Most of them are extinct; the living ones are the Ephemeroptera (mayflies) and Odonata (dragonflies and damselflies).

The Palaeoptera may not be monophyletic: the issue is not yet settled. On the other hand, the Neoptera definitely are monophyletic. 

The absence of wing-folding does not necessarily mean the Palaeoptera form a natural group. They may just be a group of insects that "are not Neoptera", in other words, a wastebasket taxon. As it stands, the relationship of the two living Paleopteran groups to the Neoptera is unclear.

Probably the concept of Palaeoptera will be changed to better reflect insect evolution. In any case, three main palaeopteran lineages, traditionally treated as superorders, are recognized. Of these, the Palaeodictyopteroidea themselves might also be a paraphyletic assemblage of very basal Pterygota.



Tracie Spencer

Tracie Spencer (born July 12, 1976 in Waterloo, Iowa) is an American R&B and pop singer. She has had several hit singles. Her singles are "This House", "Hide & Seek" and "Tender Kisses". Her first album, "Tracie Spencer", was in 1988. Her second album "Make the Difference" was in 1990.

Broughton, Nova Scotia

Broughton (2001 pop.: 24) was a former town in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality about 12 miles from the former city of Sydney, Nova Scotia. Expected to be a boomtown when first settled, it was mostly abandoned when mining operations failed. 
During the First World War, Broughton was used by the 185th Cape Breton Highlanders as training ground. During this time the famous Broughton Arms Hotel burned to the ground in April 1916. The Hotel is believed to have had North America's first revolving door.
Broughton was first settled at the turn of the 20th century as a mining town for the Cape Breton Coal, Iron & Railway Company, started by British mining engineer Thomas Lancaster and British businessman Col. Horace Mayhew which intended to develop the coal seam at Cochrane's Lake (aka: Loon Lake). The pair raised millions of dollars, mostly from English investors, and construction on the town was started, with streets laid out and a number of large official buildings constructed, including the Office Building, the Assistant Manager's House, the Broughton Arms Hotel and Crown Hotel. Remains of these substantial buildings can still be seen today, the scale of which giving an impression of the town's lofty ambitions. A railway was built connecting to the Sydney & Louisburg Railway at False Bay Head, continuing through Broughton Junction to Broughton, a distance of 4 ½ miles, construction beginning in 1905 and completed in 1906. Seemingly too much money and effort was spent on the details and modern conveniences of the "most up-to-date modern city", one of the first attempts at a planned community in Canada, and not enough attention to the actual mine operation. The company went bankrupt in 1907 after it failed to secure rail transportation to get its coal to port. It is said this was due to the opposition of the Dominion Coal Company, which would not allow its Sydney and Louisburg Railway to carry the coal produced by the mine.
The British pair left Cape Breton, abandoning the company and the town.

The community remained active until its peak in 1916. The army had taken over the hotels to house officers and men during the First World War. After the end of the war the community declined rapidly. Some residents still live in the area.

A long article, detailing this company's history, appeared in the "Montreal Daily Star", 25 May 1907.

Palaeodictyoptera

The Palaeodictyoptera were large flying insects which are now extinct. They were common in the Upper Carboniferous, and became extinct at the end-Permian extinction. Their size varied from large to huge. For example, "Mazothairos" had a wingspan of about .

They were the first major group of herbivorous insects. They had long, beak-like, piercing mouthparts, and probably a sucking organ. The mouthparts match the signs of damage in fossil plant leaves and stems.

In addition to the normal four wings, they had two "pronota" in front. These pronota were smaller than the regular wings, but had wing veins just like the real things. They did not move up and down, so maybe they helped gliding. The Palaeodictyoptera are sometimes whimsically called "six-winged insects". The actual wings are often boldly marked: the patterns of colour can be seen in fossils.

These insects had paired "cerci" (singular: cercus) on their rear segment. The function of these is not clear. Cerci often serve as sensory organs, but they may also be used as weapons or copulation aids, or they may simply be vestigial structures. The cerci on some species was longer than the rest of the insect.



Crime of the Century

Crime of the Century is the third studio album of Supertramp. A&M Records released it in September 1974. Ken Scott produced the music. There is a text saying "To Sam" on the back cover of the album. Supertramp dedicated this album to Stanley August Miesegaes. He supported Supertramp financially from 1969 until 1972. "Crime of the Century" got to number 38 on the American Billboard Pop Albums chart, and to number 4 on the UK Albums Chart. The songs "Bloody Well Right" and "Dreamer" were also released as singles. This album and these singles made Supertramp successful and well-known.


Robin Kankapankatja

Robin Kankapankatja (born around 1930) is an Australian Aboriginal artist. He worked for most of his life as a labourer and conservationist. He is the manager and senior traditional owner of Walalkara, a homeland and Indigenous Protected Area on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. He began work as an artist in 2004, aged in his 70s. His artworks are now held in several major galleries in Australia.

Robin was born at Walalkara, a place in the Great Victoria Desert near Kaltjiti, South Australia. His father was Pitjantjatjara from the land west of Watarru; his mother was Yankunytjatjara from Makiri, northwest of Walalkara. Robin grew up living a traditional, nomadic life in the area around Kaltjiti. The first time he saw a whitefella was when he was a young teenager. As a young man, he worked on the cattle stations at Welbourne Hill and Everard Park.

When he was much older, Robin moved back to Walalkara and set up an outstation for his family on his homelands. He lives there with his wife, Tyayangka, and his children. Kankapankatja is the senior traditional owner ("") of Walalkara. The people that live on this outstation are all part of his family. They are the land managers of Walalkara Indigenous Protected Area, a federally protected reserve created from an agreement between the Robin family and the Australian government. It covers of the Great Victoria Desert. Until 2008, Kankapankatja and his wife Tyayangka worked as rangers of the reserve. When they retired, their children took over its management.

Robin began working as an artist in July 2004, while he was at home recovering from surgery. His paintings and drawings are about Walalkara. They depict the landscape, animals, and spiritual Dreaming stories associated with it. He is also known for carving traditional tools, such as boomerangs, spears, spear-throwers and shields.

Since 2006, Robin's work has been shown in many exhibitions alongside other Kaltjiti artists. In 2007, he was featured at the Mossenson Galleries in Collingwood, Victoria. His work was featured as part of the annual "Desert Mob" exhibition in Alice Springs, in 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009. It was also exhibited in Adelaide at the Flinders University City Gallery in 2009, and the South Australian Museum in 2010.

In 2012, the Cross Cultural Art Exchange in Darwin held a solo exhibition of Robin's work. The exhibition was called ": this is my life from long ago". It showcased a series of drawings that depict Robin's memories from growing up in the bush, and the legendary journeys of his ancestors. In the same year, his work was also shown at the annual "Our Mob" exhibition in Adelaide, at an exhibition of Kaltjiti Arts in the Darwin Aboriginal Art Fair, and in Germany, in an exhibition at the ArtKelch gallery in Freiburg im Breisgau.

Examples of Robin's work are held in the collections of the Araluen Arts Centre, Flinders University, and the National Gallery of Australia. Others are held in the national Artbank collection, and several private collections, such as the Gallery Gabrielle Pizzi in Melbourne.

LinkedIn

LinkedIn is a social networking website for people in professional jobs. The company started in December 2002, and the website opened May 5, 2003. Users can make connections with other people they have worked with, post their work experience and skills, look for jobs, and look for workers. The site is available in many languages, including most European languages, Japanese, Korean, Indonesian, and Malay. LinkedIn has more than 200 million members around the world.

In 2012, the LinkedIn website was attacked by hackers from Russia, who stole passwords for more than 100 million user accounts. In 2016, a suspect was arrested in the Czech Republic.

The company which owns LinkedIn, the LinkedIn Corporation, was bought out by Microsoft in 2016 for US$26 billion.

In January 2013, the countries with the most LinkedIn users were: 



Leopold II

Leopold II may mean:

Integer overflow

Integer overflow occurs in computers, when the number which is stored becomes larger than the capacity of the memory it is stored in. The most likely result is that the number will reset to 0 and start over.

For example, start with the number 14, using 4-bits integers. Add 1 a few times, this will result in an overflow, which causes it to reset the number to 0.

Another result is the number will reset to the most negative number, if the number has a sign. This is because negative numbers are represented by values after the maximum positive value.

For example, with signed 4-bit integers. Adding 1 will cause this type of overflow:

Slender Man

Slenderman is a fictional creature from an internet meme. It appears as a tall and thin man, wearing a black suit and red tie. Slenderman's face is usually blank, without any features. It is said to stalk, abduct, or scare people, especially children.

Slenderman was originally created on the Internet forum Something Awful in 2009. It has grown into a kind of urban legend.

Slenderman is described as very fictional tall and thin white creature with unnaturally long arms. It can extend its arms to scare people or capture them. It has seems to be bald or be wearing a featureless white mask covering its entire head, the mask gives an unsettling feeling due to lacking a face or other facial features. It appears to be wearing a black suit. In images, the figure is often out of focus and blurry. Slenderman is associated with the forest and has the ability to teleport.

Slenderman was created during a contest on the Something Awful forums in June 2009. The goal was to change photographs using digital manipulation so that the pictures showed something supernatural. On 10 June, a forum poster with the user name "Victor Surge" uploaded two images in black and white. They were photographs of groups of children, to which had been added an obscured figure in the background: a tall, thin man with a blank face. Surge included short stories to go with the images, describing the disappearance of the children in the images. It gave the character the name, "Slenderman":
One of two recovered photographs from the Stirling City Library blaze. Notable for being taken the day which fourteen children vanished and for what is referred to as “Slenderman”. Deformities cited as film defects by officials. Fire at library occurred one week later. Actual photograph confiscated as evidence.<br>
1986, photographer: Mary Thomas, missing since June 13th, 1986.
These stories made it a work of fiction. Other users on the forum developed the character further, adding their own images or stories about "Slenderman". However, is it possible to find supposed records of the monster dating back to the 14th century, a notable example is a medieval German folktale entitled "Der Ritter" ("The Knight" in German), it tells the history of a brave knight appointed by the church to slay a great evil entity who had been stealing children from a local village from around the Black Forest, Württemberg, in Southern Germany, by which some people claim the existence of the entity. 

Slenderman soon became very popular on the Internet. Many works of fanart, cosplay and fiction were created and spread from website to website. The first video series involving the Slender Man was published on YouTube. It is called "Marble Hornets", and is now one of the most popular Slender Man creations. Other YouTube serials about the Slender Man followed, including EverymanHYBRID and Tribe Twelve. In 2011, Markus "Notch" Persson, creator of the sandbox indie game "Minecraft", added a new character to the game. He named it the "Enderman" when many users on Reddit and Google+ commented on how similar it was to the Slender Man. A video game based on the Slender Man was released in 2012, named "Slender: The Eight Pages". Several popular variants of the game followed, including "Slenderman's Shadow" and "Slender Man" for iOS, which became the second most-popular app download. The sequel to "Slender: The Eight Pages", "Slender: The Arrival", was released in 2013.

A horror movie about the Slender Man, "Entity", was released in 2013. Another, "The Slender Man", was released free online. On August 10, 2018, another movie about the character, "Slender Man", directed by Sylvain White, was released. "Marble Hornets" is also being made into a movie.

The Slender Man was called "the first great myth of the web" by the BBC. The success of the idea has been ascribed to the Internet's ability to connect people with one another. It has allowed anybody to build on the story and develop the character, and also shape it into whatever frightens them most.



Bethesda, Maryland

Bethesda is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in southern Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is northwest of Washington, D.C. The National Institutes of Health main campus and the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center are in Bethesda. There are also corporate and government headquarters.

In April 2009, "Forbes" put Bethesda second on its list of "America's Most Livable Cities."

Bethesda is an unincorporated area. It has no official boundaries. The United States Census Bureau says the center is at 38°59' North, 77°7' West. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2020, Bethesda had 68,056 people.

Division of East Sydney

The Division of East Sydney was a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The division was created in 1900. It was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It was abolished in 1969. It was named for the suburb of East Sydney. It was located in the inner eastern suburbs of Sydney, including Darlinghurst, Paddington and Surry Hills.

After 1910 East Sydney was usually a safe seat for the Australian Labor Party. In the 1930s it was a stronghold of Lang Labor. Its most famous members were Sir George Reid, who was Prime Minister of Australia in 1904-05, and Eddie Ward, a long-serving Labor member and Cabinet minister.

Division of Bland

The Division of Bland was a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. The division was created in 1900. It was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It was abolished in 1906. It was named for Dr William Bland, a New South Wales colonial politician. It is based in rural southern New South Wales, and included the towns of Narrandera, Wagga Wagga and West Wyalong. 

Bland was held by Chris Watson, the first Leader of the federal parliamentary Labor Party and Australia's first Labor Prime Minister. When Bland was abolished in 1906, Watson moved to South Sydney.

Division of Ballarat

The Division of Ballarat (Ballaarat until 1977) is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. The division was one of the original 75 divisions created in 1900. It was set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for the city of Ballarat.

The division includes Ballarat, Bacchus Marsh, Ballan, Daylesford, Creswick, Trentham and Clunes. In the past it has included Ararat, Maryborough, and Stawell.

Ballarat had the closest election result in Australian history. Nationalist Edwin Kerby unseated Labor member Charles McGrath by a single vote in 1919. However, McGrath said that the election had not been fair. It was challenged in court which resulted in a by-election in 1920 that was won by McGrath.

The most famous member was Alfred Deakin, Prime Minister of Australia three times. Michael Ronaldson was the grandson of Archibald Fisken. Ronaldson later served as a Liberal senator.


Windows 3.0

Windows 3.0 is the third major release of Microsoft Windows, and was released on May 20, 1990. It is a graphical environment (a program that runs on top of an operating system), instead of an operating system by itself. It became the first successful version of Windows in the market. Windows 3.0 was the first version to be widely seen as a rival to Apple's Macintosh and Commodore's Amiga on the graphical user interface (GUI) front. It was followed by Windows 3.1.

Windows 3.0 was created in 1989, when David Weise and Murray Sargent independently decided to develop a protected mode Windows as an experiment. They compiled a prototype and showed it to Microsoft executives, who approved it as an official project.

On December 31, 1990, Microsoft released Windows 3.0a. This version contained an improved ability to move pieces of data greater than 64KB (the original release could only manipulate one segment of RAM at a time). It also improved stability by reducing Unrecoverable Application Errors (UAEs) associated with networking, printing, and low-memory conditions. This version appears as "Windows 3.00a" in Help/About Windows system dialogs.

Based on Windows 3.0a, and originally called 3.0b, Windows 3.0 with Multimedia Extensions 1.0 was released in October 31, 1991 to support sound cards, as well as CD-ROM drives, which were then becoming more available. This edition was released to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), mainly CD-ROM drive and sound card manufacturers, and some PCs came preloaded with it. This edition added basic multimedia support for audio input and output, along with new applications: Media Player, CD audio player, more advanced Help format, screen savers, and a new clock. These new features were integrated into Windows 3.1x. Microsoft developed the Windows Sound System sound card specification to support these extensions. The new features were not accessible in Windows 3.0 Real Mode.

The MME API was the first universal and standardized Windows audio API. Wave sound events played in Windows (up to Windows XP) and MIDI I/O use MME. The devices listed in the "Multimedia/Sounds and Audio" control panel applet represent the MME API of the sound card driver.

MME does not have channel mixing, so only one audio stream can be rendered at a time. MME supports sharing the audio device for playback between multiple applications starting with Windows 2000, up to two channels of recording, 16-bit audio bit depth and sampling rates of up to 44.1 kHz with all the audio being mixed and sampled to 44.1 kHz.

Windows Home Server

Windows Home Server is a home server operating system created by Microsoft. It was announced on January 7, 2007, at the Consumer Electronics Show by Bill Gates. Its purpose is to provide households with multiple PCs a centralized and user-friendly solution for file sharing, automatic backups, and remote access to resources. It is built on the code of Microsoft Windows Server 2003 R2.

Windows Home Server was officially launched on July 16, 2007.

It was replaced by Windows Home Server 2011 in April 2011.

DirectX

DirectX is a computer program by Microsoft made so the computer can have better graphics, and play games like on the Xbox with improved graphics.

William Bland

Dr. William Bland (5 November 1789 – 21 July 1868) was a convict, doctor and surgeon, politician, farmer and inventor in New South Wales, Australia.

Bland was born in London in 1789. His father, Dr. Robert Bland, was an obstetrician. Bland joined the Royal Navy in 1810 as a surgeon and served on HM sloop "Hesper". While in Bombay, India he got into an argument with another officer, Robert Case. He challenged Case to a duel with pistols on 7 April 1813, and Case was killed. Bland was found guilty of murder and sentenced to seven years prison in Van Diemen's Land.

Bland arrived in Hobart on the ship 'Denmark Hill' in January 1814. He was sent to Sydney on the 'Frederick' on 14 July 1814. He was kept in the Castle Hill gaol for a short time where he was able to work as a doctor. He was pardoned on 27 January 1815. He set up business as a doctor. He married Sarah Henry in 1817, but they separated after a few months.

In 1818 he wrote critical comments about Governor Macquarie's treatment of farmers. He also made fun of Macquarie's desire to have his name on foundation stones. Bland's handwriting was recognised. On 25 September 1818 he was found guilty of libel, fined £50 and sent to prison for a year.

In 1830 he opposed attempts to sell large areas of crown land. He joined the Australian Landowners Association in 1831 to fight new land laws. When the Sydney Free Grammar School closed after only one year in 1826, Bland came up with a scheme to start a new school to replace it. Sydney College began in 1830. The foundation stone of a new building was laid by the Chief Justice, Sir Francis Forbes, in 1830. Bland was treasurer of the of the college from 1835 to 1844. In 1845 he became president. The buildings were sold to the University of Sydney in 1853. Sydney Free Grammar School and Sydney College were the beginnings of the current Sydney Grammar School which began in 1854.

He worked at the Benevolent Society as well as having a private medical practice. He dispensed medicines from his house until a proper dispensary was begun. He gave the Society advice on building a room to be an operating theatre and mortuary. He continued to assist at the Society until 1863.

He gave land and money to build a church at Ashfield.

He was an active writer. he wrote articles on new medical techniques which were published in the Lancet magazine. He wrote articles for the Australian Medical Journal on snake bite and dislocations. He edited the book "Journey of Discovery to Port Phillip, New South Wales" written by William Hovell and Hamilton Hume. He wrote a small book about how to prevent fires on ships carrying wool. He designed the "Atmotic Ship", a balloon filled with hydrogen and moved by propellors. A model of the atmotic ship was shown at the International Exhibition in London in 1851 and at Crystal Palace in 1854.

In 1835 the Australian Patriotic Association (APA) was formed. William Wentworth was president, and Bland was the secretary. His letters for the APA show Australia beginning to see itself as an independent nation. The main function of the APA was to draw up a constitution for New South Wales. The constitution was accepted by the British parliament and self government began in 1843.

He was an elected member to the new New South Wales Legislative Council twice (1843–1848, 1849–1850) and was appointed to the Council from 1858–1861

In 1849 Wentworth introduced a bill to create the University of Sydney. He named Bland as one of its first senators. Robert Lowe reminded members that Bland had been a convict and had killed a man in 1813. He said that such an important institution should not be run by convicts. The bill failed. Bland wanted to fight a duel but Lowe avoided it. The bill was re-introduced without Bland’s name and was passed.

A banquet was held in July 1856 to celebrate the grant of a new Constitution by the British government. Bland was the guest of honour. On 5 November 1858 he was given money and a candelabrum for his services to the community. He resigned on 21 March 1861 from the Legislative Council.

In February 1846, Bland remarried a widow, Eliza Smeathman. He continued to work as a doctor until 1868. He was the founder and first president of the Australian Medical Association in 1859. A photograph was taken of him in 1845. This is the oldest surviving Australian photograph. In 1861 he was declared a bankrupt. He died in Sydney on 21 July 1868 of pneumonia, and was given a State Funeral.



CeCe Peniston

CeCe Peniston (born September 6, 1969, in Dayton, Ohio) is an American R&B singer and former beauty queen. She was very popular in the early 1990s. Her hit song "Finally" was released in 1991. A lot of other songs followed. Peniston was crowned Miss Black Arizona 1989 and Miss Galaxy 1990.

South Pole–Aitken basin

The South Pole–Aitken basin is a huge impact crater on the far side of Earth's Moon. Roughly in diameter and deep, it is one of the largest known impact craters in the Solar System. It is the largest, oldest and deepest basin on the Moon. The formation of the large lunar basins occurred before 3.8 billion years ago.

This moon basin was named after two features on opposing sides; the crater Aitken on the northern end and the southern lunar pole at the other end. 

Straw man

Straw man is a type of incorrect reasoning, in which a changed (usually exaggerated) version of someone else's argument is proved wrong, and it looks as if the real argument has been proved wrong.
Sometimes such an easy to disprove argument is simply invented. Straw man can be understood also as the mentioned argument itself. The name suggests a human figure made of straw that is easy to destroy.
The straw man argument can have many forms. The fallacy of attacking a straw man can also arise from an honest mistake.

An everyday conversation:
Bob attacked the non-existing argument: . And because such an argument is obviously false, Alice might start believing that she is wrong because what Bob said was clearly true. But her real argument was not disproved, because she did not say anything about the temperature.
Alice noticed the trick and defended herself.

The origins of the term are unclear. An 1898 definition refers to men who stood outside courthouses with a straw in their shoe in order to indicate their willingness to be hired to give evidence in a court trial.

In the 1900 US presidential election campaign, the issue of Imperialism became a "straw man" issue when President McKinley accepted his party's nomination. Cartoonist William Allen Rogers focused on the destruction of this issue in a September issue of "Harper's Weekly".


André Roy

André Roy (born February 8, 1975) is an American-born Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Roy was born Mamaroneck, near Port Chester, New York.

His mother, Heidi Golombeck, is from Germany. She moved to New York in 1969. There she met André's father, Gilles Roy. They got married a few weeks later. They left New York to go to Mamaroneck, near Port Chester, New York. They had three children: Marc, Kevin and André. When André was only two months old, the family moved to Sainte-Julienne, Quebec. This village is in the region of Lanaudière.

André started to play hockey at the age of five. He started playing hockey in Novice A category but he was much better than the other players of his team. During his third season, he became an Atom CC player. Roy did not weigh as much as the other players, but he was one of the tallest. Martin Saint-Louis, another professional hockey player, said that when André was young, he was one of the best players in Lanaudière.

During the winter, Roy stayed at the ice rink as much as possible. During the summer, he played hockey with rollerblades in the streets or in his driveway. According to his mother, he shot so many hockey pucks that he destroyed the cedar hedge and broke every window of his garage at least two times. In 1987, André entered in the Peewee BB category. His slapshots were so powerful that the other teams' goalkeepers were scared. The next year, Roy played in the Peewee AA category. During his third season in the Peewee category, Roy wanted to be in the AA team but problems he had with the AA's coach made it so that he could not. He met Steve Latreille, the BB's coach, during his third Peewee season. During his second season in the Bantam category, André tried to play in the AA team with the North's Sélects. Again, he could not because of issues with his ex-coach. He played in the CC category because there was no BB team that year in Saint-Jérôme. It was at this time that André started to forget his dream of playing in the NHL. He decided to quit hockey.

Three days later, Steeve Latreille called him because he wanted a player as good as Roy in his team. André accepted and became the CC team's captain. According to Latreille, Roy is the best player coached by him, and also a very selfless person who did not want to steal the show because of his talent. He did a very good job as a captain and supported his whole team. Roy's powerful shot also became faster as he played more. Roy was accepted in the AA Midget team of Saint-Jérôme but he became a player in the Select's CC Midget team because his father had already organized a hockey trip to Finland. That trip led to him getting to play with the Midget AA team for the next season. It is during this season that he really started to attract QMJHL's recruiters.

In 1993, Roy was selected by the Beauport's Harfangs (renamed in 1997 as the Quebec Remparts) in fourth round. One year later, at age 19, his agent took him to the NHL Entry Draft of 1994. During the last Memorial Cup, many NHL recruiters had seen Roy's potential and had met him. He was not certain that he would be recruited that year but he was selected by the Bostons Bruins in sixth round, as the 151th choice of the draft.

Sandra Dee

Alexandra Zuck, later known as Sandra Dee (April 23, 1944 – February 23, 2005), was an American actress. She began with modeling and later progressed into movies. Dee received a Golden Globe Award in 1959. During the early 1960s her movies were popular, but in the late 1960s her acting career began declining. 

Sandra Dee was born in New Jersey. She died due to kidney disease, aged 62.


Cégep de Saint-Hyacinthe

Cégep de Saint-Hyacinthe is a college in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, Canada.




Steve Bégin

Stéphan Bégin (); born June 14, 1978) is a Canadian ice hockey player. He played center for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League. He also played for the Nashville Predators, Montreal Canadiens, Dallas Stars, and Boston Bruins.

At the age of six, Bégin started his hockey career in the minor hockey leagues. He and his friend Sébastien Hubert played together in MAHG (). Gilles Bégin, his father, did not want to buy new hockey gear so he started with girl skates. Since his first hockey game, Bégin knew he wanted to play in the NHL.

After two good seasons in MAHG where he was the best player on the ice, his class was novice. At nine years old, in his second season in novice category, Bégin ended the season with over 120 nets. The next year, he made the atom AA without difficulties. It was believed that he was too small to play AA but Bégin heard this and he started to change his style; he became more aggressive. In his second atom season, even if he was the smallest player, he was the one who protected the other kids. Bégin continued his ascension to the NHL in playing pee-wee CC for his first year in this category and AA the second year. Bégin was a complete athlete; he was a hockey player, he played soccer and he did box in his youth. He played AA at his first soccer season. At 14, he decided to put all his energy in hockey. At the age of 12, he started box training and he did box training until he had 20. In his first bantam season, he did the AA, He was in good shape because of his boxing training. Because of this, at the end of the year, a midget AAA hockey club, invited him to the camp. He was the last player to be subtracted but the coach told him that his place was reserved for the next season.

Bégin did two years in midget AAA and two year in LHJMQ (Ligue de Hockey Junior Majeur du Québec) with Val d’Or, before being drafted by Calgary in the NHL. He had his first chance in the big league in 1997-1998 season with the Flames. In 488 regular games in the NHL, he had 52 goals and 48 passes for a total of 100 points. He made 36 points in play-off matches and since his start in the NHL he has spend 539 minutes on the penalty bench.

Chenani

Chenani () is a small town and subdistrict of Udhampur District in Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Aylesford, Nova Scotia

Aylesford is a farming community in the county of Kings in the Annapolis Valley of Nova Scotia, Canada. It is located between the North and South Mountains and located roughly 15 minutes from CFB Greenwood and 10 minutes from Berwick. The population was 829 in 2006

Aylesford is located on the Evangeline Trail (Trunk 1) tourist route, named after the famous Acadian story about Evangeline. It is a service centre for the surrounding agricultural district. An important crop is cranberries which is grown on the peat bogs. Peat moss harvesting operations are also active.

Aylesford's largest tourist attraction, the Oaklawn Farm Zoo, was home to Rutledge, the heaviest living lion in captivity, as certified by Guinness World Records in 1997. Rutledge died in February 2009, three months short of his 18th birthday. The zoo also has a variety of other animals including tigers, Dromedary Camels, and a variety of monkeys.

Cornwallis Square

Cornwallis Square is a Canadian village in Kings County, Nova Scotia. It is located on the Cornwallis River. It was originally established in 1947 as the WCG Commission and was responsible for fire protection, recreation and sidewalks in Waterville, Cambridge, and Grafton. When the rural community of Woodville was included in the service area in the 1960s the name was changed to Cornwallis Square. The area's largest employer is Michelin.


Leelee Sobieski

Liliane Gloria "Leelee" Sobieski (born on June 10, 1983 near New York City) is an American actress who has acted in many movies and on television. Her notable motion pictures include "Deep Impact" (1998) and "Public Enemies"; she also acted in the 1999 TV movie "Joan of Arc". Sobieski was born in 1983, although some sources represent 1982 as her birth date.

Sobieski was first noticed by a talent scout in the cafeteria of a New York City private school. That encounter led to her audition for the role of Claudia in "Interview with the Vampire" (1994), a role which ultimately went to Kirsten Dunst. Sobieski portrayed the character of Anna Yates in the 1994 TV movie "Reunion" starring Marlo Thomas. Next, she played a lead role in "A Horse for Danny", a 1995 made-for-television film. In 1997, she snagged her first role in a studio film playing the daughter of Martin Short's character in the Tim Allen comedy "Jungle 2 Jungle". In 1999, Sobieski appeared in Stanley Kubrick's "Eyes Wide Shut". Recalling acting alongside Tom Cruise, Sobieski stated he was "very kind and considerate with me," and says her most vivid recollection of Stanley Kubrick was that he "genuinely seemed to hold something magic".

Oxford, Nova Scotia

Oxford is a town in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, Canada east of Amherst. The town is on Routes 104, 204, 301, and 321.

Oxford was established in 1791 by settler Richard Thompson. The name "Oxford" comes from the shallow river that was used to enter the town. Early settlers used Oxen to cross, or "ford", the river, and from here came the town's name.

Oxford is located at the junctions of three rivers. Much of the town lies in a floodplain and floods are common during the springtime. Salt Lake is located between the Black River Road and the Trans Canada Highway. A number of swamps and meadows connect this lake to the River Philip.

Oxford is considered the wild blueberry capital of Canada as it is centred in a large blueberry growing region. Oxford Frozen Foods Ltd., a wild blueberry processor, is the largest employer in the town, processing up to three million pounds of berries a day during peak season. The plant and over 12,000 acres blueberry land are owned by local businessman, John Bragg.

Historically, the town was home to a manufacturing industry with a woollen mill and foundry being key employers.

Centrally located in Cumberland County, Oxford is well connected to the provincial and national road network.

The Trans Canada Highway (Highway 104) passed near just south of the town and provincial routes 204, 301, and 321 all travel through town via Pugwash Road, Brichwood Road, Water Street, Upper/Lower Main Street and Little River Road.

In terms of public transport, the town is serviced by Acadian Bus Lines, which stops at the Lower Main Market not far off the highway.

Historically, the town had freight and passenger rail service via CN's Oxford Subdivision, known locally as the 'Short Line', which ran from Oxford Junction to Stellarton. Passenger service was discontinued in 1960 and the line was abandoned in the 1990s.


Freeport, Nova Scotia

Freeport, Nova Scotia is a village in Digby Country, Nova Scotia and it is located on Long Island in the Bay of Fundy.

Located at the end of Digby Neck on Long Island, Freeport is a working fishing village built up around a tidal basin. This area is great for bird watching, beach combing, hiking trails, birds, whale watching, gift shops, accommodations, restaurants, and unique flora and fauna.

Loyalists founded Freeport in 1784 establishing fishing and trading industries. Prior to this it had been inhabited by the Mi’kmaq Indians. Place names such as Petit Passage, Grand Passage and the Saint Mary’s Bay can be attributed to the French explorer, Champlain, who first visited the area in 1604. Black Loyalist, Rose Fortune is believed to have lived here in 1795, giving birth to one of her children.

Relay For Life

Relay For Life is a fundraising event for cancer held around the world. It was originally organised in the United States, by the American Cancer Society, a volunteer charity organisation. The event has now spread to more than 20 countries. The goal of the event is to raise money for cancer research and patients with cancer.

In Canada, this event is organised by the Canadian Cancer Society. Teams of 10 people compete in relays and consist of people representing corporations, communities, families and friends. The first Relay For Life in Canada was held in 1999, and raised CA$85,000. Since then, the number of relays and participants has increased each year. In 2011, $55 million was raised. To participate, one team need to be formed and registered online to the official website of the Canadian Cancer Society or with a paper form. Each member has to raise a minimum of CA$100 in donation or by selling luminaries. Luminaries are special candles that are placed in bags and carry the names of cancer survivors and loved ones who have died. In a moving ceremony after sunset, luminaries placed around the track are lit in honour of cancer survivors and in memory of those who have lost the battle against cancer.


Flag football

Flag football is a version of American or Canadian football. The rules are not very different to those of the regular game. Instead of tackling players to the ground, the other team must pull a flag or flag belt off of the player carrying the ball. Flag football is a game played with no padding. Full contact is not allowed. The first game of flag football was played in the 1930s. It was later played on military bases in the 1940s as a game for the military. 

Flag football games are 36 minutes long. They are divided into two 18-minute halves. The only time the clock is stopped is in the last two minutes.

Normally played on beaches with normal Flag Football rules.

To score a touchdown, a player must cross the ball over the goal line. This is worth 6 points. There are 1 options for an extra point. The scoring team can try to run the ball into the endzone from either the 3 yard line or the 10 yard line. The 3 yd line is worth 1 point and the 10 yd line is worth 2. If the flag of the player who has the ball is pulled while that person is in their own end zone, it is called a safety. The other team gets two points for this. 

Nichi Vendola

Nicholas "Nichi" Vendola (born 26 August 1958 in Bari) is an Italian politician. He is the leader of the political party Left Ecology Freedom ("Sinistra Ecologia Libertà").

Bioterrorism

Bioterrorism refers to the use of biological agents with the intent to cause panic, illness, or death. There are biological agents in nature, but they can be changed artificially in order to make them more effective. There are many methods of spreading biological agents. Biodefense is defense against bioterrorism, often in the form of a vaccine or medicine.

There are three categories of biological agents. The first is category A, the highest priority agents. Biological agents in category A pose a high risk to national security. These include anthrax and smallpox. The second, category B, includes biological agents such as brucellosis and melioidosis. These are a risk to national security. Category C, the third, includes emerging diseases that could be a risk in the future, such as hantavirus.




The Predator

The Predator is the third studio album by Ice Cube. It was released in November 1992, half a year after the 1992 Los Angeles riots. Almost all the singles on "The Predator" sample songs from the 1960s, the 1970s and the 1980s. The songs "Wicked" and "Check Yo Self" were released to very good reviews.

Fashion in the 1920s

Fashion was a big part of the 1920s. It was a time when people wanted something new. They wanted to look good and be unique. The fashion industry in the Western world saw growth during this time.

Flappers were a big subculture in the Western world during the 1920s. Flappers were women who wore short skirts, and feathers in their hair, which was usually in a bob. They sometimes smoked and drank, and were very rebellious. Later on, their dresses became fashionable in the 1920s.


Michiko Kichise

Kichise began to appear in television series and commercials in 1997. She appeared in her first movie in 1998. She married a businessman in 2010. Kichise won an Elan d'or Prize (エランドール賞|Erandōru Shō) from the All Nippon Producers Association in 2011. In 2012, Kichise was one of the top 20 actresses by earning. She was paid as much as ¥1,600,000 for each episode of television. 



Aquarius (constellation)

Aquarius is a constellation of the zodiac. It sits between Capricornus and Pisces. Its name is Latin for "water-carrier" or "cup-carrier", and its symbol is (Unicode ♒), which represents water. The astronomer Ptolemy listed Aquarius when he made a list of 48 constellations. It is also one of the 88 modern constellations.

Aquarius is a constellation also known as the Water Bearer and was a servant to the gods. He was also a human at one time. He was the son of King Tors. When he was human, his name was Ganymede. Usually when you see him in the sky, you can see him pouring water into the mouth of a fish; or Pisces.
There is a story of Ganymede when he was watching over his father’s sheep, he was captured and held captive by the Goddess of the Dawn.
In another version of the story, Zeus is captured by Ganymede. Than Zeus calls over his pet eagle to grab Ganymede and take him to the top of Mount Olympus and serve as a servant to the gods.
One man named Robert Graves thought that the origin of Aquarius was in Egypt. He thought that Aquarius represented the Nile River. He also thought that Aquarius was the God of the Nile. The Nile is just a river, but Robert thought that the river was water pouring out of Aquarius’ jar to make the Nile.
As a constellation, he comes after the constellation Capricornus just by one month and is south of the constellation Pegasus and north of Pisces, the brightest star in the night sky.


Coclé Province

Coclé is a province of Panama. The province is in central Panama on the southern coast along the Pacific Ocean. The provincial capital is the city of Penonomé.

This province was created in 1855 with the name of Department of Coclé, during the presidency of Justo de Arosemena. Its name was changed to province on 20 October 1985.

The Coclé province borders the Colón province to the north, the Panamá Oeste province to the east, the Pacific Ocean and the Herrera province to the south and the Veraguas province to the west.

The Coclé province has an area of .

The "Cordillera Central" ("Central Mountain range) is in the northern part of the province and divides the province in two drainage basins; to the north, the rivers flow to the Caribbean Sea but to the south of the mountain range the rivers flow to the Pacific Ocean.

In the southern part of the province there is a large plain that gets to the Pacific coast.

In the northeast of the province is the Parque Nacional General de División Omar Torrijos Herrera, a national park.

The people of the province are known as "Coclesanos" (women:"Coclesanas").

The Coclé province had a population, in 2010, of 233,708, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Coclé province

The Coclé province is divided in six districts, which are divided into 44 "corregimientos".

Coclé is primarily an agricultural area, with sugar and tomatoes as major crops. The province has a number of well-known beaches, such as Santa Clara, Farallon and Rio Hato, and tourist activity has increased in recent years.


Chiriquí Province

Chiriquí is a province of the Republic of Panama. The population is of 409 821 (2010) and the capital is David.

Beugnon

Beugnon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bierry-les-Belles-Fontaines

Bierry-les-Belles-Fontaines is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Blannay

Blannay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bleigny-le-Carreau

Bleigny-le-Carreau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Hamilton Hill (comics)

Hamilton Hill is a fictional Batman character who is the corrupt mayor of Gotham City. He helps the Gotham Crime boss such as Rupert Thorne to help him find Batman's secret identity. He hired an assassin to kill Harvey Bullock.

He was voice by Lloyd Bochner in "". He was also played by Michael Murphy in "Batman Returns".


Poison Ivy (comics)

Poison Ivy (Dr. Pamela Lillian Isley) is a fictional supervillainess Batman character who has appeared in American comic books published by DC Comics. Poison Ivy was created by Robert Kanigher and Sheldon Moldoff, and made her debut in "Batman" #181 (June 1966). She has the physical appearance of a plant with the power to talk to plants into doing evil things. She used to be a doctor who cared for animals until falling into chemicals which gave her the power to talk to plants. Her crime-partner is Harley Quinn. She is played by Uma Thurman in "Batman & Robin". She is voiced by Diane Pershing. 


Harley Quinn

Harley Quinn (Dr. Harleen Frances Quinzel) is a fictional Batman character who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. She was created by Paul Dini and Bruce Timmis and made her debut in "The Batman Adventures" #12 (September 1993). She is the girlfriend and partner in crime of the Joker and best friends with Poison Ivy. She dresses up like a jester or harlequin in red, black, and white. Later she dresses in shorts and tops with blonde hair, which is half pink and half blue in pigtails.

She was voiced by Arleen Sorkin in "". Harley Quinn makes her live-action cinematic debut in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU) film "Suicide Squad" (2016), where she is portrayed by Margot Robbie. Robbie reprises her role in "Birds of Prey" (2020) and "The Suicide Squad" (2021), with elements of her portrayal's design consequentially incorporated into comics. Singer and actress Lady Gaga will play the character in "" (2024).


Riddler (comics)

The Riddler (Dr. Edward Nigma) is a fictional Batman character and supervillain who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. He leaves Batman all of his best riddles to help Batman know where he will strike next or what he will do. He uses mind-control devices on his victims, wears a green suit with a big purple question mark on it and also a cane with a question mark on it. He sometimes wear a hat also with a question mark.

Riddler first appeared in "Detective Comics" #140 in October 1948 which ended with him appearing to drown. The Riddler’s second appearance was in “Detective Comics” # 142 in December 1948 in which he wanted revenge against Batman and Batman’s sidekick Robin. Then in May 1965, Julius Schwartz published a comic book called “Batman” Volume 1 # 171, the third ever appearance of The Riddler in which his evil plan involves tricking Batman and Robin into thinking he had stopped being evil and become good. The Riddler became used as an antagonist in the Batman comic books much more often are the 1966 Batman television show starring Adam West came out and had The Riddler as a major villain.

The Riddler has been used in a lot of things based on the comics, including TV shows, movies, toys and video games. He was played by Frank Gorshin and John Astin in the 1960s Batman show and by John Glover in "". He was also voiced by Robert Englund in "The Batman". He was played by Jim Carrey in "Batman Forever". Conan O'Brien voices him in the 2017 movie "The Lego Batman Movie". Corey Michael Smith played The Riddler in the prequel television show Gotham giving him an origin story. Paul Dano plays the character for the 2022 movie "The Batman".


Clayface

Clayface is a series of fictional Batman villains who have the power to turn into any form because he is made out of clay. He has appeared in American comic books published by DC Comics. In most cases, Clayface was played by actor Basil Karlo who used a type of skin medicine to help his skin which would later cause him to have the clay appearance.

He was voiced by Ron Perlman in "".

Killer Croc

Killer Croc (Waylon Jones) is a fictional character seen in comic books by DC Comics. He is mainly a villain in Batman comics. The character has an apperance similar to a lizard or a crocodile. He is very strong and a good swimmer. Before he became Killer Croc, Waylon Jones was a wrestler.

The character was voiced by Aron Kincaid in "". He was played by Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje in the 2016 movie "Suicide Squad".

Mad Hatter (comics)

The Mad Hatter (Jervis Tetch) is a fictional Batman character who appears in comic books by DC Comics. He dresses-up as the Mad Hatter from "Alice in Wonderland". He usually uses had-guns, poison smoke guns, or mind-control things. He used to be a scientist who invented mid-control things before being fired.

He was voiced by Roddy McDowall in "". 

Man-Bat

Man-Bat (The Werebat or Dr. Robert K. Langstrom) is a fictional Batman character who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. He used to be a scientist until drinking a chemical that makes him turn into a half bat half man. His name can sometimes be confused with Batman. 

The character has been featured in various media adaptations, such as feature films, television series and video games. He was voiced by Marc Singer in "" and Loren Lester in "".

Carmine Falcone

Carmine "The Roman" Falcone is a fictional Batman character who is the head of the Gotham Mafia. He is sometimes called Don Falcone. He has a son, Alberto Falcone who is known as the Holiday Killer. In some cases, Two-Face flipped his coin and killed Falcone. His body was robbed many times before being frozen by Mr. Freeze. His business was taken over by Sal Maroni.

He was played by Tom Wilkinson in "Batman Begins" and was played by John Turturro in "The Batman".

Sal Maroni

Salvatore "The Boss" Maroni is a fictional Batman character who is head leader of the Gotham Mafia after Carmine Falcone was killed or taken to Arkham Asylum. In some cases, he was the man who made Havey Dent turn into Two-Face.

He was played by Eric Roberts in "The Dark Knight".

Hugo Strange

Professor Hugo Strange is a fictional mad scientist who appears in the Batman comic books by DC Comics. The character was created by artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger, and first appeared in "Detective Comics" #36 (Feb 1940). He is one of the few villains to know the true identity of the Batman. He is known for creating mutants, zombies, or growth hormones. 

He is voiced by Ray Buktenica in "". He is also voiced by Frank Gorshin (who played the Riddler) in "The Batman" and he is also played by BD Wong in the 2014 TV series "Gotham".

Gillian B. Loeb

Gillian B. Loeb is a fictional character in the Batman "Dark Knight Trilogy" movies. He was the police commissioner of Gotham City until his death. He was replaced by James Gordon after his death. Loeb blames Batman for every crime in Gotham. He thinks Batman is a criminal.

Loeb was played by Colin McFarlane in "Batman Begins" and in "The Dark Knight".

Tali Tali Pompey

Tali Tali Pompey (about 1945/1947 – 16 November 2011) was an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She had a short career as an artist, beginning only in 2002. During this time, however, her work was taken in by several major public galleries.

Pompey was born on a sand dune near Finke, in the southern Northern Territory. This inspired her name; "" is the word for a sandhill in languages of the Western Desert. Pompey's parents were Yankunytjatjara people from lands further south, around Kalka and Kaṉpi in South Australia. Pompey grew up in the area around Finke, and then moved south to Ernabella when she was a young woman. At the time, this was a Christian mission set up for Aboriginal people coming in from the desert. While living in Ernabella, learned art and craft at the community's craft room. She learned how to sew, make batik, dye fabrics and spin sheep's wool to make rugs.

Pompey's husband, who she married at Ernabella, was a Pitjantjatjara elder and law keeper for the country around Kaltjiti. They moved to Kaltjiti after it was set up as an outpost in the 1960s. They had 8 children, including six boys and two girls.

Pompey started painting for the community's art centre, Kaltjiti Arts, in 2002. She painted regularly and became quickly noticed by critics. In 2003, one of Pompey's paintings, titled "Pita", was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award. Another of her works, "Para - Desert Gums", was chosen as a finalist for the competition in 2010.

In the ten years that she worked as an artist, Pompey's works became well represented in Australian collections. In 2007, she suffered a mild stroke, which affected the movement in her left hand. She recovered and then continued to paint up until her death. She died on 16 November 2011, in Alice Springs.

Pompey's paintings depict features of the central Australian landscape, such as sand hills, flowers and trees. These are painted with a soft-focus, hazy look. Most of her paintings are minimalist in style, combining basic shapes of colour with dotted fields or lines. She was known for thick brushstrokes and a wide use of colour.

Pompey's designs were also used in a series of rugs made by Kaltjiti Arts, which combined traditional Kashmiri techniques with Australian Western Desert designs.

Pompey's work has been exhibited widely in Australia, mostly in group exhibitions. The Mossenson Galleries in Melbourne held two solo exhibitions of Pompey's work. The first was in 2005. The second was in 2012, after her death, and showed a selection of her final works.

Examples of her paintings are now held in the National Gallery of Victoria, and the Art Gallery of South Australia.

Rupert Thorne

Rupert Thorne is a fictional Batman character, who is the crime boss of Batman. Many people think that he hired Joe Chill to kill Bruce Wayne's parents. He helped Mayor Hamilton Hill to be elected and re-elected and corrupting him throughout his term. Throne had hired many people to try to kill Bruce Wayne.

He was voiced by John Vernon in "".

Harvey Bullock (comics)

Harvey Bullock is a fictional Batman character who is a detective who is loyal to Commissioner James Gordon, but does not trust Batman. He is a corrupt detective in one case while in another case he is a good cop.

He was voiced by Robert Costanzo in "".

Roland Daggett

Roland Daggett is a fictional character in the Batman media franchise. He is the owner of Daggett Industries and a rival of Bruce Wayne. Daggett is the creator of Clayface. He has tried to corrupt Wayne Enterprises. Daggett uses his medicine company to create a virus in dogs and cats. He was the only person with a cure to the virus. He planned to use the cure to become a hero to the people of Gotham and to make a large amount of money.

He was voiced by Ed Asner in "". He was played by Ben Mendelsohn as John Daggett in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Arnold Flass

Detective Arnold John Flass is a fictional character appearing in American comic books, published by DC Comics, and is commonly associated with the Batman franchise. He is a corrupt detective who sells drugs and gives money to drug dealers or the Gotham Mafia. He was the first police-partner of (back then) office James Gordon when Gotham was an unsafe place (before Batman). 

He was played by Mark Boone Junior in "Batman Begins".

Joe Chill

Joe Chill is a fictional Batman character who was the mugger who killed Bruce Wayne's parents when he was young. He was the reason why Batman became Batman from his parents death. Chill was killed during a trial.

He was played by Richard Brake in "Batman Begins".

Victor Zsasz

Victor Zsasz is a fictional Batman character who is a serial killer in Gotham City. He has the number of people he had killed written in tally marks on his skin. He uses a pocket knife to kill. He was killed by an anarchist Heat Wave.

He was played by Tim Booth in "Batman Begins" and will be played by Chris Messina in "Birds of Prey" (2020).

Firefly (DC Comics)

Firefly (Garfield Lynns) is a fictional Batman character who dresses up as a firefly and shoots gas or poison from a gun. He appears in comic books by DC Comics. He also uses visual effects. He uses his wings to travel to places. He has a suit that keeps the toxic fumes to go into his lungs. He was once a visual effects artist.

Michelle Veintimilla played the character in the television series "Gotham". Brendan Fraser was going to play him in the cancelled movie "Batgirl", set in the DC Extended Universe.

Michael Akins

Michael Akins is a fictional Batman character who succeeded James Gordon as commissioner of Gotham City when Gordon retired after his wife was killed by The Joker. A couple years later Gordon had again became commissioner of Gotham.

Clock King

The Clock King (Template Fugate) is a fictional Batman character who uses magical watches to turn back time or to go to the future. He can also freeze time. The Clock King uses anything related to time to help him do his crimes.

He was voiced by Alan Rachins in "".

Jor-El

Jor-El was a fictional Superman character who appears in the DC Comics universe and was the father of Superman who died in the planet of Krypton when it was destroyed. He knew his planet would be destroyed but when he told his leaders, they did not listen try or stop the destruction since they did not believe it was true. So he built a rocket and sent superman to earth so superman would not die when the planet was destroyed. Years later an artificial intelligence that Jor-El created helped his son to learn the true power he holds and helps him become Superman. He was married to Lara Lor-Van.

He was played by Marlon Brando in "Superman" and by Russell Crowe in "Man of Steel".


General Zod

General Zod (full name Dru-Zod) is a fictional Superman character who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character, who first appeared in "Adventure Comics" #283 (April 1961), was created by Robert Bernstein and initially designed by George Papp. He is a supervillain from Superman's planet Krypton. He has the same powers and strength that his enemy Superman has. He was sent to Earth to kill Superman.

He was played by Terence Stamp in "Superman" and in "Superman II". He was also played by Michael Shannon in "Man of Steel" and "The Flash".

"Total Film" ranked Zod #32 on their "Top 50 Greatest Villains of All Time" list in 2007. Pop-culture website IGN.com ranked General Zod as #30 on their list of the "Top 100 Comic Book Villains", asserting that "Stamp "is" Zod.

Perry White

Perry White is a fictional Superman character. He is the chief-editor of the "Daily Planet". He is the boss of Clark Kent and Lois Lane. He is known for his catchphrases "Great Caesar's ghost!" and "Don't call me chief!".

He was played by Jackie Cooper in "Superman," Lane Smith in the TV series , Frank Langella in "Superman Returns", and Laurence Fishburne in "Man of Steel". 

Willie Lumpkin

Willie Lumpkin is a fictional Fantastic Four character. He is a mailman. He can wiggle his ears and nose. He is one of the few people to know the secrets of the Fantastic Four.

He was played by Stan Lee in "Fantastic Four".


Division of Hunter

The Division of Hunter is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of New South Wales. It is located in northern rural New South Wales. It covers much of the Hunter Valley region, including the towns of Singleton, Maitland, Muswellbrook, Cessnock and Denman. The Division was one of the original 75 divisions created for the first Federal election in 1901. The Division was named after Captain John Hunter, the second Governor of New South Wales.

In 2015 the Australian Electoral Commission said that the Division of Hunter would be abolished at the next election. Because of population changes, New South Wales loses a division, and a new one will be created in Western Australia. The boundaries of many NSW divisions will have to be changed, and the area covered by Hunter will be added to nearby divisions. Under AEC rules however, names of the original 1901 divisions should be kept, so the Division of Charlton will be renamed Hunter.

The seat has been held by the Labor since 1910. Famous members include the first Prime Minister Edmund Barton, and Opposition Leaders Matthew Charlton and Dr H.V. Evatt. Joel Fitzgibbon, Minister for Defence, took over the seat when his father, Eric Fitgibbon retired in 1996.



J. Jonah Jameson

J. Jonah Jameson is a fictional Spider-Man character appearing in publications by Marvel Comics. He is the chief-editor of the "Daily Bugle". He is the boss of Peter Parker. He thinks that Spider-Man is a bad influence. He is the father of John Jameson.

He was played by J. K. Simmons in the movies "Spider-Man", "Spider-Man 2", "Spider-Man 3," "" and in "".


Aunt May

May Reilly Parker-Jameson (Aunt May) is a fictional in the Marvel Comics universe and a "Spider-Man" character. She raises Peter Parker. She was married to Ben Parker until he was shot and killed. Aunt May does not know that Peter Parker is Spider-Man. She thinks that Spider-Man is scary. Aunt May later married John Jonah Jameson, Sr. (the father of J. Jonah Jameson).

She was played by Rosemary Harris in "Spider-Man" (2002), "Spider-Man 2" (2004), and in "Spider-Man 3" (2007). She was then played by Sally Field in "The Amazing Spider-Man" (2012), and "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" (2014). She is played by Marisa Tomei in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "" (2016), "" (2017), "" (2019), and in "" (2021).


Mary Leakey

Mary Douglas Leakey, FBA (née Nicol, 6 February 1913 – 9 December 1996) was a British archaeologist and anthropologist, who spent much of her life working in East Africa, in Tanzania and Kenya.

She discovered the first fossilized "Proconsul" skull, an extinct primate. They had a mixture of Old World monkey and ape characteristics, and their position in the evolution of the apes is still not clear. Leakey also discovered the robust "Zinjanthropus" skull at Olduvai Gorge.

For much of her career she worked together with her husband, Louis Leakey, in Olduvai Gorge, uncovering the tools and fossils of ancient hominins. She developed a system for classifying the stone tools found at Olduvai. She also discovered the Laetoli footprints. In 1960 she became director of excavation at Olduvai. Eventually, she chose and trained her own staff. After the death of her husband she became a leading palaeoanthropologist, helping to establish the Leakey tradition by training her son, Richard, in the field.

Leakey served her apprenticeship in archaeology under Dorothy Liddell at Hembury in Devon, 19301934, for whom she also did illustrations. In 1934 she was part of a dig at Swanscombe where she discovered the largest elephant molar known at the time in Britain. She needed help to identify its species.

The years 1935 to 1959, spent at Olduvai Gorge in the Serengeti plains of Northern Tanzania, yielded many stone tools from primitive stone-chopping instruments to multi-purpose hand axes. These finds came from Stone Age cultures dated as far back as 100,000 to two million years ago.

The Leakeys unearthed a "Proconsul africanus" skull on Rusinga Island, in October 1948.

In 1960, unable to leave the museum except on weekends, Louis appointed Mary director of excavation at Olduvai. She brought in a staff of Kamba tribesmen, instead of Kikuyu, who, she felt, took advantage of Louis. The first, Muteva Musomba, had kept her children's ponies. He recruited Kamoya Kimeu among others. Mary set up Camp 5 under Jonathan's direction. He was 19. From then on she had her own staff and associates.

Mary picked and sieved at the site from early morning dressed in old clothes, chain smoking cigarettes, always surrounded by her Dalmatian. She and Louis communicated by radio. On weekends he drove non-stop at high speed the 357 miles between Olduvai and Nairobi. The teen-age boys, Richard and Philip, were on site holidays and vacations.

After Mary's husband died, she continued her work at Olduvai and Laetoli. It was here, at the Laetoli site, that she discovered Hominin fossils that were more than 3.75 million-years-old. She also discovered fifteen new species of other animals and one new genus.

From 1976 to 1981 Leakey and her staff worked to uncover the Laetoli hominid footprint trail which was left in volcanic ashes some 3.6 million years ago. The years that followed this discovery were filled with research at Olduvai and Laetoli, the follow-up work to discoveries and preparing publications.



Olivia Wilde

Olivia Jane Wilde (born March 10, 1984 in New York City) is an American actress who has acted in many movies and television programs. She acted in movies like "Alpha Dog" "(2006)" and "The Girl Next Door (2004)" and in television series such as "The O.C. (2003-2007)" and "House M.D (2004-2012)." She is also an activist for veganism. She is the director of movies like "Don't Worry Darling (2022)" and "Booksmart (2019)." 

Charles des Moulins

Charles Robert Alexandre des Moulins (1798-1875) was a French botanist who also studied molluscs. In 1830, he proposed to introduce plants into aquaria so that the animals in the aquarium could breathe better. He described many species of snails, for example Pagodulina pagodula, and plants, for example Euphorbia milii. Towards the end of his life he became opposed to Darwinism.

Laetoli

Laetoli is a site in Tanzania, dated to the PlioPleistocene. It is famous for its hominin footprints, preserved in volcanic ash. The site of the Laetoli footprints is 45 km south of Olduvai gorge. It was excavated by archaeologists Louis and Mary Leakey in 1978. “The Laetoli Footprints” got a lot of attention from the public because they are convincing evidence of bipedalism in Pliocene hominins.

Dated to 3.6 million years ag,o they were the oldest known evidence of hominin bipedalism. Now older evidence has been found, such as the "Ardipithecus ramidus" fossils. The footprints and skeletal structure excavated at Laetoli were clear evidence that bipedalism evolved before enlarged brains in hominids. Although it is debated, it is believed the three individuals who made these footprints belonged to the species "Australopithecus afarensis". Together with footprints were other hominin and animal skeletal remains and Acheulean artifacts (hand-axes).

After debate, it was decided that "Australopithecus afarensis" is the species of the three hominins who made the footprints at Laetoli. This is based on the reconstruction of the foot skeleton of a female "A. afrarensis" hominin. Detailed footprint analysis compared both human and bipedal animals such as bears and primates. Gaits (stride pattern), and foot structure were analysed. Step length, stride length, stride width and foot angle showed that "A. afarensis" was more human-like in gait than ape-like.

"A. afarensis", then, is an obligate bipedal hominid. Its brain size was very similar to that of modern chimpanzees and gorillas. So, in one important respect it was like the genus "Homo" since it was bipedal. That means it was adapted to living in open woodland and savannah, not tropical rain forest. On the other hand, it had a brain about the size of an ape. This situation, where different traits of an animal evolve at different rates, is known as mosaic evolution.

The oldest hominin footprints in Europe are in Britain. They are about 800,000 years to a million years old. They were found on Happisburgh beach, East Anglia.

The archaeologists describe them as "the oldest known hominin footprint surface outside Africa at between ca. 1 million and 0.78 million years ago". The site in known for its preservation of sediments with early Pleistocene fauna and flora. Since 2005 flint tools have been found. This means humans occupied northern Europe at least 350,000 years earlier than was thought before.


Rachel Griffiths

Rachel Anne Griffiths (born 1968, Melbourne, Australia) is an actress who stars mostly in movies. She played the character Rhonda in "Muriel's Wedding". She also acted in "Hilary and Jackie". She has had a lot of other motion pictures besides these.

Division of Wide Bay

The Division of Wide Bay is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. The division was one of the original 75 divisions created for the first federal election in 1901. Wide Bay is located in south east Queensland. It includes the cities of Maryborough, Gympie, and Noosa Heads. It also covers Fraser Island, and inland areas as far west as Murgon. It is named after Wide Bay, which was named by Captain James Cook in 1770.

Famous members for Wide Bay include three time Prime Minister Andrew Fisher and Warren Truss, the leader of the National Party. 



Nancy Marchand

Nancy Lou Marchand (June 19, 1928 – June 18, 2000) was an American actress. She started her career on stage in 1951. She is best known for her television roles of Margaret Pynchon in "Lou Grant" and Livia Soprano in "The Sopranos".

Marchand was born in Buffalo, New York. She was married to character actor Paul Sparer from 1951 until his death in 1999. The couple had three children.

For a number of years before her death, Marchand had lung cancer and emphysema. She died on June 18, 2000, in Stratford, Connecticut, one day before her 72nd birthday.

Bonnie Bartlett

Bonnie Bartlett (born June 20, 1929 in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin) is an American actress. She works mostly in television. She has been in some movies. She acted in "Little House on the Prairie" and "St. Elsewhere". She received an Emmy Award for "St. Elsewhere".

Bartlett is married to actor William Daniels.

Ignosticism

Ignosticism is the belief that people should avoid taking a position on "the existence of God" until a concept of God has been defined.

Ignostics claim that the sound or row of alphabet letters "God" (with a capital "G") is meaningless because they lack belief that any coherent definition has been presented. They claim ignorance of any meaningful definition for "God" that has been given.

Ignostics claim that "God is what caused everything to exist that exists except God" is not only circular, allegedly defining "God" in terms of "God", but also gives no description for "God" since "what something did" is not "what something is".

It is sometimes considered synonymous with theological noncognitivism.

Bléneau

Bléneau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Béon, Yonne

Béon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bonnard, Yonne

Bonnard is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bœurs-en-Othe

Bœurs-en-Othe is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Leigh Taylor-Young

Leigh Taylor-Young (born January 25, 1945, Washington, D.C.) is an American actress. She has been in many movies and television programs. She played Elizabeth in "Secret Admirer". She played Virginia in "Jagged Edge". She also starred in the soap opera "Peyton Place" in the late 1960s.

Priscilla Barnes

Priscilla Barnes (born December 7, 1955 in Fort Dix, New Jersey) is an American actress. She has been in many movies and in television programs. She starred in the sitcom "Three's Company" and the movies "Mallrats" and "Licence to Kill". Some sources give 1955 as her birth date, while others say 1958.

Donald Glover

Donald McKinley Glover Jr. (born September 25, 1983) is an American actor, rapper, singer, songwriter, comedian, musician and record producer.

He is best known for portraying the character Troy Barnes on the comedy television series "Community". He was originally a writer for the comedy series "30 Rock".

Aside from acting, Glover is also a rapper where he performs under the stage name Childish Gambino. He said that he got his stage name from the Wu-Tang Clan name generator. 

From 2006 to 2009 Glover wrote for "30 Rock." In 2008 he and his co-writers were presented with the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Comedy Series for his work on the third season.

In June 2008, he released the independent mixtape "Sick Boi". In September 2009, he released his second mixtape "Poindexter". 

In July 2010, Glover received the Rising Comedy Star award at the Just for Laughs festival and was featured in Gap's 2010 holiday advertising campaign.

He released a couple albums and mixtapes by himself before he released his first album "Camp" for Glassnote Records on November 15, 2011.

In 2015 he played a scientist who brings dead people back to life with disastrous consequences in "The Lazarus Effect". 

In May 2018, he released a single titled "This Is America" while performing as both host and musical guest on "Saturday Night Live". The song debuted at number one, becoming both Glover's first number one and top ten single in the United States.

In 2019, he starred as Simba in the live action remake of "The Lion King".

On March 15, 2020, Glover streamed his surprise fourth album on his website Donald Glover Presents.

Glover began dating Michelle White and they had three sons Legend Glover, Drake Glover and Donald Glover III.

Glover stated actors like Cuba Gooding Jr., Tom Hanks, Giancarlo Esposito, Robert Wisdom, Johnny Depp, Benicio del Toro, Freddie Prinze Jr., Charlie Sheen, Nicolas Cage, Wes Studi, Vin Diesel, Val Kilmer, John Ritter, Will Smith, Brendan Fraser and John Travolta and music artists like Kanye West, Kid Cudi, Outkast, Lupe Fiasco, Frank Ocean, Schooley Q, MF Doom, LCD Soundsystem, Justice, Wu-Tang Clan, Ghostface Killah and The-Dream as influences.



Emberá-Wounaan Comarca

Emberá-Wounaan is an indigenous region of Panama. The population is of 9 544 habitants (2010) and the area is of 4 383,5 km²; was created in 1983.

Emberá-Wounaan has 2 districts and 5 corregimientos:

Kunlun Mountains

Kunlun is a mountain range in China. Lots of people argue how big the mountain range is. The tallest mountain is called Kunlun Goddess and is 7,167 metres tall. There are also lots of volcanoes, one of them is the tallest in Asia. The volcano is 5,808 metres tall and last erupted in 1951.

Blasphemy (band)

Blasphemy are a Canadian black and death metal band from Vancouver, British Columbia. 

The band was formed in 1984 and released their first album, "Fallen Angel of Doom" in 1990. The band was originally signed to Wild Rags but left because the label did not pay them as much as they promised.





Lloyd Hartman Elliott

Lloyd Hartman Elliott (May 21, 1918 – January 1, 2013) was an American educator. He was the president of George Washington University, from 1965 to 1988. He was a teacher at Cornell University and the president of the University of Maine.

Elliot was born on May 21, 1918 in Crosby, Clay County, West Virginia. He studied at Glenville State College. 

He was married to Evelyn Elliot until her death in 2009. They had two children. Elliot died on January 1, 2013 in his home in Clay County, West Virginia from natural causes. He was 94.


Jiřina Jirásková

Jiřina Jirásková (February 17, 1931 – January 7, 2013) was a Czechoslovak actress who is known for her roles in "Caesar and Cleopatra", "Richard III", "The Cherry Orchard", and "The Full Monty".

Jirásková was born on February 17, 1931 in Prague, Czechoslovakia. She was married for two years to Jiří Pleskot until they divorced. Then she spent 27 years with Zdeněk Podskalský until her death. She had no children. Jirásková died on January 7, 2013 in Prague, Czech Republic from natural causes, aged 81.

Two Is Better Than One

"Two is Better Than One" is the second song off the studio record "Love Drunk" from the band Boys Like Girls. The song also features Taylor Swift. It was released in October 2009. It has sold over 1.5 million copies.

Rex Trailer

Rexford "Rex" Trailer (September 16, 1928 – January 9, 2013) was an American actor, singer, cowboy, producer, and television personality who was known for hosting his cowboy television show "Boomtown".

Trailer was born on September 16, 1928 in Fort Worth, Texas. He was raised in Fort Worth and spent most of his adult life in the Boston, Massachusetts area. He was married to Cindy Trailer from 1955 until her death in 2011. They had one child. Trailer died on January 9, 2013 in Miami, Florida from pneumonia, aged 84. 


Sergiu Nicolaescu

Sergiu Florin Nicolaescu (; 13 April 1930 – 3 January 2013) was an Romanian director, actor, and politician who was part of the Romanian Senate from 1992 throught 2011. He was known for his movies such as "Mihai Viteazul", "Dacii", and in "Un comisar acuză".

Nicolaescu was born on April 13, 1930 in Târgu Jiu, Romania. He studied at Polytechnic University of Bucharest. He was raised in Timișoara, Romania. Nicolaescu died on January 3, 2013 in Bucharest, Romania from cardiac arrest resulting from respiratory failure which was caused by abdomen infection-related surgical complications, aged 82.


Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch

Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch were an American hip hop group from Boston, Massachusetts. 

The group was led by Marky Mark and also featured Ashey Ace, Scottie Gee, Hector the Booty Inspector and DJ-T. The group released their debut album "Music for the People" on July 23, 1991. The album featured their best known song "Good Vibrations".

The group had a video game titled "Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch: Make My Video" released by Digital Pictures but it was not successful and is considered to be one of the worst video games ever made.

The band released their second studio album "You Gotta Believe" on September 15, 1992. The band split up in 1993 with Marky Mark joining reggae musician Prince Ital Joe. Marky Mark released until he retired from music in 1998 and became a successful actor.



Aaron Swartz

Aaron Hillel Swartz (November 8, 1986 – January 11, 2013) was an American computer programmer, writer, political organizer, and Internet activist who also helped inventing the first version of RSS. He was arrested in January 6, 2011 and charged with illegally downloading files from JSTOR. Swartz committed suicide in January 11, 2013.

Swartz was born on November 8, 1986 in Chicago, Illinois. Swartz left high school in the 10th grade. He studied at Stanford University. In 2008 Swartz started Watchdog.net, "the good government site with teeth". In 2009 he helped start the Progressive Change Campaign Committee. In 2010 Swartz started Demand Progress.

Swartz committed suicide by hanging himself in his apartment in Brooklyn, New York City, aged 26. Speaking at his son's funeral, Robert Swartz said, "[Aaron] was killed by the government, and MIT betrayed all of its basic principles".

Swartz was given a place in the Internet Hall of Fame in June 2013.

A documentary about Swartz called "The Internet's Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz" was released in 2014.


Mariangela Melato

Mariangela Melato (September 19, 1941 – January 11, 2013) was an Italian actress who was known for her roles in "Swept Away", "The Seduction of Mimi", "Love and Anarchy", "The Working Class Goes to Heaven", and in "Policewomen".

Melato was born on September 19, 1941 in Milan, Italy. She never married. Melato died on January 11, 2013 from pancreatic cancer in Rome, Italy.


Koto Okubo

Koto Okubo (December 24, 1897 – January 12, 2013) was a Japanese supercentenarian who, at the time of her death, was the oldest living woman in the world, and second-oldest living person behind Jiroemon Kimura after Italian-born Americanwoman Dina Manfredini's death on December 17, 2012.

She was the oldest living Japanese woman since Chiyono Hasegawa's death on December 2, 2011.

She spent her last days in a nursing home in Kawasaki with her son's company. She died of pneumonia at 12.00pm on January 12, 2013, just 19 days after celebrating her 115th birthday, and was succeeded as the oldest living woman by Misao Okawa.

Jiroemon Kimura

Jirōemon Kimura (木村 次郎右衛門, Kimura Jirōemon; 19 April 1897 – 12 June 2013) was a Japanese supercentenarian recognized by the Guinness World Records as the oldest man in history.

Kinjirō Miyake (三宅 金治郎, "Miyake Kinjirō") was born on 19 April 1897 in the fishing village of Kamiukawa (present Kyōtango), as the third of six living children to farmers Morizo and Fusa Miyake. Except for his oldest sister, who died 6 weeks before the age of 5 years in 1892, and his oldest brother, who died just 31 months old in 1894, longevity was common in his family; in late-1980s his second-oldest sister died at age 96, his second-oldest brother at age 91 and his second-youngest brother at age 85, in 1993 his younger sister died at age 93, and his youngest brother as well as last living sibling Tetsuo died in 2007 98 years old.

After he finished school at the age of 14, he worked for local post offices for over 45 years until he retired in 1962 at the age of 65, and thereafter worked until age 90 as a farmer along with his eldest son, who died at age 76 in September 1998, less than 4 weeks after his youngest son, who died at age 54. In the 1920s, he also worked as a government communications worker in Korea, which was at the time a colony of Japan.

After returning from Korea, Miyake married his 6 years, 9 months younger neighbour Yae Kimura, who died at age 75 in 1979, and changed his name to Jirōemon Kimura upon the marriage (since his wife's family lacked a male heir) and had, except their second child, a son who died in 1927 just 20 days before the age of 2 years, 7 children (of whom 5 were still living at the time of his death). He lived in Kyōtango, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan with his eldest son's widow and grandson's widow.

Kimura, who became the oldest living Japanese man after Tomoji Tanabe's death on 19 June 2009, two months after celebrating his 112th birthday and being the 7th Japanese man to do so, became the oldest living man in the world as well as the oldest man to receive the title as the oldest living man after American man Walter Breuning's death on 15 April 2011, just four days before celebrating his 114th birthday and becoming the second Japanese man and the 7th man in the world to do so. Later that year, on 26 October, Kimura became the oldest Japanese man ever and the 5th oldest ever in the world after breaking the record of Yukichi Chuganji.

On 2 December 2011, upon the death of 115-year-old Chiyono Hasegawa, Kimura became the oldest living person in Japan and the third oldest living person in the world behind American woman Besse Cooper and Dina Manfredini, both of whom died in December 2012, whereafter Kimura also became the oldest living person in the world, and also the oldest man ever after breaking Danish-born American man Christian Mortensen's record, and later on 19 April 2013, his 116th birthday, the first and only verified man as well as only the 8th verified person to become at least 116 years old.

After 113-year-old James Sisnett's death on 23 May, Kimura became the last living man in the world born in the 19th century, after already being the last living Japanese man since 111-year-old Tanekichi Onishi from Hokkaido, who was just a week older than Sisnett, died on 11 September 2011, and even the last living person born in 1897 since Japanese woman Koto Okubo, who was the oldest living woman, died at age 115 years, 19 days on 12 January 2013.

According to Kimura himself, the sun above him was the secret to his long life, but also that he trained eating until he was only 80 % full, drank alcohol only in moderation and never smoked.

From 11 May 2013, Kimura was hospitalized for pneumonia and later blood-sugar problems and recovered temporarily, but his health continued to decline as his blood-sugar level, urine production and response declined, though until 2.08am the night of 12 June when Kimura died of natural causes aged 116 years, 54 days. He was succeeded as the oldest living person by Japanese woman Misao Okawa, who already was the oldest living woman since Koto Okubo's death, and as the oldest living man by Spanish-born American man Salustiano Sanchez, who was over 4 years younger.

Kimura was survived by his two daughters and three sons, 13 of 14 grandchildren, 25 great-grandchildren and 15 great-great-grandchildren.


Ron Mercer

Ron Mercer (born May 18, 1976) is a former NBA basketball player for the Boston Celtics. He wore number 5 jersey for most of his career. He went to school at the University of Kentucky. He was born in Nashville, Tennessee. 


Shark Tank

Shark Tank is an American television show. It is on ABC. It is based on the reality television series "Dragons' Den". The began in 2009. 

In each episode, small companies and inventors bring their products to a group of investors called the "Sharks". They offer a percentage of their company or rights to their product in exchange for money or help from the investors.

In addition to its regular programming, the show has hosted episodes of kids pitching the Sharks, featuring influential kid inventors such as Gary Leschinsky.

Common terms used in "Shark Tank":


Ty Lawson

Ty Lawson (born November 3, 1987 in Clinton, Maryland) is an American professional basketball player. He plays for the Houston Rockets in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also played for the Denver Nuggets from 2009 until 2015. He went to school at the University of North Carolina.

On July 20, 2015, the Nuggets traded him along with a second round pick in the 2017 NBA draft to the Houston Rockets in exchange for Joey Dorsey, Nick Johnson, Kostas Papanikolaou, Pablo Prigioni, a first round pick in the 2016 NBA draft, and cash.


He Pingping

He Pingping (July 13, 1988 – March 13, 2010) was a Chinese citizen who was the world's shortest man who can walk. He was only 74 centimeters long. He met with Xi Shun, Sultan Kösen, and Svetlana Pankratova.

Pingping was born on July 14, 1988, in Ulanqab, Inner Mongolia, China. He died on March 13, 2010, from heart failure in Milan, Italy, aged 21.

Svetlana Pankratova

Svetlana Pankratova (born April 29, 1971) is a Russian citizen who holds the record for world's longest legs on a female body 4 feet 4 inches. Her height is 6 feet 5 inches.

Pankratova was born on April 29, 1971 in Volgograd, Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, USSR. She studied at Virginia Commonwealth University. She now lives in London, England.

Ronnie and Donnie Galyon

Ronnie and Donnie Galyon (October 28, 1951 – July 4, 2020) were American conjoined twins. They held the record for the oldest conjoined twins in the world. They were on a reality show "The World's Oldest Coinjoined Twins".

Ronnie and Donnie Galyon were born on October 28, 1951 in Dayton, Ohio. They shared organs, so they could not be separated. They almost died when they suffered a blood clot. They lived in Dayton, Ohio.

Galyon died on July 4, 2020 under hospice care in Dayton from congestive heart failure, aged 68.


William M. Daley

William Michael “Bill” Daley (born August 9, 1948) is an American lawyer and former banker. He served as the White House Chief of Staff after Rahm Emanuel successfully ran for Mayor of Chicago from 2011 through 2012. He is the son of Richard J. Daley and brother of Richard M. Daley (who's successor was Emanuel as Mayor of Chicago). He also was the United States Secretary of Commerce from 1997 through 2000.

Daley was born on August 9, 1948 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Loyola University Chicago and at John Marshall Law School. He is married to Bernadette Keller.

Daley was also a candidate for Governor in the 2014 gubernatorial election for the Democratic primary. On September 16, 2013, Daley made a surprise announcement that he was exiting the race for Illinois Governor due to the personal issues.

After two-term mayor Rahm Emanuel announced he would not seek reelection, it was reported on September 14, 2018, that Daley would run for Mayor of Chicago. He came in third place behind Lori Lightfoot and Toni Preckwinkle.


Debra Winger

Mary Debra Winger (born May 16, 1955) is an American actress who stars primarily in movies. She was born in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, into a Jewish family. She acted in "Urban Cowboy" (1980), "Mike's Murder" and "Everybody Wins". She took hiaus from acting from 1995 to 2001, and then resumed her career. She has recently acted in some independent movies.

Pulya Taylor

Pulya Taylor (born 1931) is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She makes wooden objects, known in the Western Desert as '. She makes these by carving the wood and then engraving patterns (') into its surface with a burning wire. This technique is called pokerwork. The wood she uses is sourced locally from the area around Uluṟu, where she lives.

Taylor was born and grew up around Walytjatjata, in the southwest corner of the Northern Territory. She began working in arts and crafts at Ernabella in the late 1940s. She later moved to Amaṯa with her husband, Tony Tjamiwa. In 1983, Taylor and Tjamiwa, together with Topsy Tjulyata, Walter Pukutiwara, Peter Yates and Pat D'Arango, travelled around artist communities in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. This was to discuss the idea of setting up a new craft centre at Uluṟu, which would sell artworks from around the region to tourists. The couple moved to Muṯitjulu so that they could help set it up. Taylor was one of the first artists for Maṟuku Arts, and she is still an executive member.

Taylor is probably best known for her sculptures of animals, such as birds, numbats, snakes, the echidna, and the perentie lizard. The animals all have spiritual "" legends attached to them, and each represents a different creation ancestor from the Dreamtime.

Taylor's work has been exhibited in many places around Australia. It has also been shown overseas, including at the Commonwealth Institute in London, in 2000. Examples of her work are held in the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney, the National Gallery of Australia, and the National Museum of Australia.


Rob Kardashian

Robert Arthur "Rob" Kardashian (born March 17, 1987) is an American television personality, model and socialite. His sisters are Kourtney, Kim, and Khloé Kardashian. His half siblings include Burton Jenner, Casey Jenner, Kylie Jenner, Brody Jenner and Kendall Jenner. 

He is best known for appearing on his family's reality television shows, such as "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" and "Khloé & Lamar". He is also known for dating pop star Rita Ora for a short time. His mother is Kris Jenner and father was Robert Kardashian (1944-2003). Caitlyn Jenner used to be his stepfather. Kardashian competed in "Dancing with the Stars" with Cheryl Burke in fall 2011.

In December of 2015 it was reported that Kardashian was hospitalized after falling ill and diagnosed with diabetes.

In January 2016, E! News reported that he was dating Blac Chyna. Chyna's former partner, rapper Tyga, dated Rob's youngest half-sister, Kylie Jenner. Weeks later, Kardashian became engaged to Chyna, and they were expecting a baby due October 2016. Their daughter, Dream Renee Kardashian, was born on November 10, 2016. Dream is Kardashian's first child and Chyna's second, after having a son with Tyga.

Alicia Bridges

Alicia Bridges (born July 15, 1953 in North Carolina) is an American singer. She was popular in the late 1970s. Her hit song "I Love the Nightlife" was her signature song, although Bridges had other songs.

Batgirl

Batgirl is the name of several fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is one of Batman's side-kicks and a member of the Batman Family similar to Robin. There have been several women to take the position over the years. The original Batgirl during the Silver Age was Bette Kane. This was later removed from continuity, and the character was reintroduced under the alias Flamebird. The most well-recognized Batgirl is Barbara Gordon, daughter of Commissioner Gordon, and the original in modern continuity. She was Batgirl for many years until the Joker shot her through the spine during the events of "" and paralyzed her. Barbara still fought crime from her wheel-chair as Oracle, an international super-hacker and invaluable computers expert for heroes everywhere. 

Cassandra Cain, daughter of the assassin David Cain, became the next Batgirl while seeking redemption for her father's crimes. She was eventually manipulated into going rogue by Deathstroke and gave up the cowl after she had recovered from her mental breakdown. The teleporter Misfit briefly called herself Batgirl when she started her vigilante career on the streets, although she changed her name after she was taken in by the Birds of Prey. Stephanie Brown, originally known as Spoiler and a former Robin, became Batgirl after the apparent death of Batman. Gordon has since returned to the position in the DCnU following a recovery.

"Batgirl" was created as Betty Kane by Bill Finger and Sheldon Moldoff, first appearing in "Batman" #139 (1961).

Barbara Gordon was created by Julius Schwartz, Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino after a concept by William Dozier, first appearing in "Detective Comics" #359 (1967).

Helena Bertinelli first appeared as Batgirl in "Batman: Shadow of the Bat" #83 (1999).

Cassandra Cain was created by Kelley Puckett, Damion Scott and Alex Maleev, first appearing as Batgirl in "Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight" #120 (1999).

Charlotte Gage-Radcliffe started acting on her own as Batgirl in "Birds of Prey" #96 (2006).

Stephanie Brown took the position in "Batgirl" (Volume 3) #1 (2009).


Barbara Gordon

Barbara Gordon is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She is a vigilante super-hero operating as a member of the Batman Family, and (depending on which continuity) the daughter or niece of Gotham City's Police commissioner James Gordon. Beginning her career as Batgirl working alongside Batman and the first Robin, she is an extremely intelligent detective and martial artist who maintains a civilian identity as a librarian. Following the events of where the Joker paralyzed her from the waist down with a gunshot, she began using the name Oracle to help Batman and other heroes using a massive world-wide communications and espionage network. There are several others who take up her mantle as Batgirl during this time, including Cassandra Cain and Stephanie Brown whom she mentors, but she is eventually able to walk again and returns to her position. She is a founding member of the Birds of Prey, but has also been involved with the Justice League, the Suicide Squad and the Seven Soldiers of Victory.

Barbara Gordon was created by Julius Schwartz, Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino after a concept by William Dozier, first appearing in "Detective Comics" #359 (1967). John Ostrander reinvented her as Oracle in Suicide Squad #23 (1989), although this new identity wouldn't be fully revealed until "Suicide Squad" #38 (1990).

As both Batgirl and Oracle, Barbara Gordon has been featured in various adaptations related to the Batman franchise, including television, film, animation, video games, and other merchandise. Aside from Craig, the character has been portrayed by Dina Meyer, Alicia Silverstone (as Barbara Wilson), and Jeté Laurence, and has been voiced by Melissa Gilbert, Tara Strong, Danielle Judovits, Alyson Stoner, Mae Whitman, Kimberly Brooks and Briana Cuoco among others. Barbara Gordon appeared in the third season of the HBO Max series "Titans" as the new commissioner of Gotham City portrayed by Savannah Welch. The character was slated for a solo film set in the DCEU, starring Leslie Grace in the title role and intended to be released on HBO Max but was canceled in August 2022. In 2011, Barbara Gordon ranked 17th in IGN's "Top 100 Comic Book Heroes".

Joan Mondale

Joan Adams Mondale (née Adams; August 8, 1930 – February 3, 2014) was the second lady of the United States from 1977 to 1981 as the wife of the 42nd vice president of the United States, Walter Mondale.

Mondale was born to John Maxwell Adams and Eleanor Jane Hall. She was one of the three daughters in her family. She attended schools in Wallingford, Pennsylvania.

On February 2, 2014, the Mondale family announced that she had entered hospice care for Alzheimer's disease. She died at the hospice from the disease in Minneapolis the following day, surrounded by members of her family.

Dick Grayson

Richard John "Dick" Grayson Wayne is a comic book superhero created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger for DC Comics. As a supporting character to Batman, Dick was first introduced as Batman's crime-fighting partner Robin. As he transitioned into adulthood, Dick decided to take on the persona of Nightwing.

Dick Grayson has appeared as Robin in several other media adaptations: the 1943 serial played by Douglas Croft, the 1949 serial played by Johnny Duncan, the 1966–1968 live action "Batman" television series and its motion picture portrayed by Burt Ward, and played by Chris O'Donnell in the 1995 movie "Batman Forever" and its 1997 sequel, "Batman & Robin". Dick Grayson appeared in the "Titans" television series for the DC Universe streaming service and HBO Max played by Brenton Thwaites. Loren Lester voiced the character Robin in "" and later as Nightwing's first screen adaptation in "The New Batman Adventures", Jesse McCartney voices Grayson as both Robin and Nightwing in "", Sean Maher voices Nightwing in the "DC Animated Movie Universe", and Michael Cera voices an overly cheerful Grayson as Robin in "The Lego Batman Movie". In May 2011, IGN ranked Dick Grayson No. 11 on their list of the "Top 100 Super Heroes of All Time". In 2013, ComicsAlliance ranked Grayson as Nightwing as No. 1 on its list of the "50 Sexiest Male Characters in Comics".

Ventriloquist (character)

The Ventriloquist is the name of multiple fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. They are all enemies of the superhero Batman. The Ventriloquist is a gangster that usually speaks through a puppet named Scarface, which his mental illness leads him to believe is a separate person. His dissociative identity disorder allows him to commit ruthless violent crimes while maintaining a quiet and meek personality, pretending that he is simply Scarface's servant. Despite years of practice, Arnold Wesker is still unable to pronounce the letter "B" while throwing his voice, instead replacing it with "G" while fighting Batman. Following his death during "Face the Face", a woman named Peyton Riley became his successor. In the New 52 continuity, Shauna Belzer became Wesker's successor.

The character was created by Alan Grant, John Wagner and Norm Breyfogle, first appearing in "Detective Comics #583 (1988)."

He is voiced by George Dzundza in "".

Bill Finger

William "Bill" Finger (February 8, 1914 – January 18, 1974) was an American comic book writer and artist who helped create Batman, Green Lantern, and some villains along with Bob Kane and Jerry Robinson.


Count Vertigo

Count Werner Vertigo is a fictional Batman-Green Arrow character who is an European madman who can control the aims from guns so that no one can shot him. He also knows karate, judo, fencing, and boxing, so making him one of the hardest physical characters that Batman has to face (besides Ra's al Ghul and Bane). He is deaf and has dipolar disorder.

He was voiced by Michael York in "".

Rachel Dawes

Rachel Dawes was a fictional Batman character who is good friends with Bruce Wayne and is one of the few people who knows Batman's secret identity. She was the love life of Harvey Dent until she was killed in a mass explosion causes by The Joker.

She was played by Katie Holmes in "Batman Begins" and the tie-in video game and by Maggie Gyllenhaal in "The Dark Knight".


Holly Robinson (comics)

Holly Robinson is a fictional Batman character who is friends with Selina Kyle. She is the crime-partner of Catwoman for bank robbery. For a short while, she became Catwoman because Selina had her first baby. In some appearances, she is a lesbian.

She was played by Juno Temple as Jen in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Batman: The Animated Series

Batman: The Animated Series was an Emmy Award-winning television series that ran from 1992 through 1995. The series was about the daily life and the crimes Batman faced in Gotham City. The voice casts includes Kevin Conroy, Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., Bob Hastings, Mark Hamill, Adrienne Barbeau, Roddy McDowall, Brock Peters, Adam West, Michael Ansara, John Glover, Henry Polic II, Lloyd Bochner, Henry Silva, and Paul Williams. The series won four Emmy Awards and was nominated for nine.


Pavel Datsyuk

Pavel Datsyuk was born 20 July, 1978. The city where he was born is named Yekaterinburg in Russia. He was a professional ice hockey player and played for SKA Saint Petersburg. He used to play in the NHL for the Detroit Red Wings.

His mother died when he was 12 years old. In the middle of the 1990s, he started to play for the farm team of Dynamo Yekaterinburg. There he was noticed by the new trainer of the team, Vladimir Krikunov. He saw the talent of the young Datsyuk on the soccer field. He noticed his anticipation, vision and intelligence were certainly over the average of the team. It took a long time before Pavel was contacted by an NHL scout, because he was too small. He was only 1,73m and 66 kg when he began his professional career. He was not supposed to be drafted in the NHL, but the scout of the Detroit Red Wings came to watch the defenseman Dimitiri Kilimine and he was impressed by this little sized player.

Pavel Datsyuk was drafted in 1998 by the Detroit Red Wings, 171st overall. He began to play in the NHL in 2001-2002; he played 70 games and scored 11 goals. One year later, a new prospect joined the team, Henrik Zetterberg. They played together with the veteran, Brett Hull. Since that season, Henrik and Pavel are still playing with each other. Pavel is a center and one of the best two way player of the NHL. In a survey made by the journalist, 247 hockey players, consider Pavel as the most difficult player to take the puck off during a game. He won many trophies in the league. Four years in a row he won the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy. The most productive years of Pavel Datsyuk were in 2008-2009, where he collected 97 points for 32 goals and 65 assists.


Alison Eastwood

Alison Eastwood (May 22, 1972 in California) is an American actress. She is the daughter of Clint Eastwood. Her first movie role was with her father in "Tightrope" (1984). She also directs movies, the first being "Rails & Ties" in 2007.

Alison Sweeney

Alison Sweeney (born September 19, 1976 in Los Angeles) is an American actress. She stars mostly on television programs. She has acted as Samantha Brady on the soap "Days of Our Lives". She also does reality television programs.

Alberto Falcone

Alberto Falcone is a fictional Batman character who is also known as the Holiday Killer. He is the son of Gotham Mafia leader Carmine Falcone. He is also a mobster, but does not have control over his dad's crime organization. It was once thought that Joseph Gordon-Levitt was to play him, but ended up playing John Blake.

Gérard Depardieu

Gérard Xavier Marcel Depardieu (born 27 December 1948) is a French actor, movie producer and director. He was born in Chateauroux, Indre. He is one of the most prolific actors in film history, having completed approximately 170 movies since 1967.

He won the César Award for Best Actor for his performances in "The Last Metro" (1980). He received the Venice Film Festival Award for Best Actor in "Police" (1985). For "Cyrano de Bergerac" (1990) he won the Cannes Film Festival for Best Actor, his second César Award and his first Academy Award nomination for Best Actor. Depardieu won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor for his role in "Green Card".

He lives in Belgium. In 2013 he was granted Russian citizenship.

Black Mask

Black Mask is the name of two fictional Batman villains from DC Comics who have a black skull and a black suit who in some cases is a crime boss leader. The first Black Mask was Roman Sionis who hated masks, but he wore toxic make-up that made him to have the black skull. The second Black Mask was Jeremiah Arkham, the boss of Arkham Asylum, so after the death of the first Black Mask he wanted to continue his legacy, so he became the second Black Mask.

In "Batman Returns", Christopher Walken's character Max Shreck was burned and the corpse had a look alike to Black Mask. He was portrayed by Ewan McGregor in the 2020 movie "Birds of Prey".

Jeremiah Arkham

Jeremiah Arkham is a fictional Batman character who was the head doctor and manager of Arkham Asylum where all of Gotham City's criminals and killers are held up. He later becomes the second Black Mask after the first one was killed by Catwoman.

Killer Moth

Killer Moth (Cameron van Cleer) is a fictional Batman character who appears in comic books by DC Comics. He has the ability to fly because he wears a striped purple and green spandex, orange cape and a moth-like mask. He is sometimes confused with Firefly. The character has appeared in tv shows, movies, and video games too. He was once a Gotham prisoner Cameron van Cleer.

Jason Todd

Jason Todd is a fictional Batman character who was the second Robin when the first left. Todd was founded by Batman when he tried to steal some parts from the Batmobile. Batman later trained him to become the second Robin. He was later killed by The Joker when he beat him-up and then blew him up with a time bomb. He later returned as the Red Hood.


Hush (comics)

Hush (Dr. Thomas Elliot) is a fictional Batman character who is an identity thief and is also a friend of Bruce Wayne. His parents were in a car crash that he planed, but his mother lived from an operation from Thomas Wayne which made him angry.

Jimmy Olsen

Jimmy Olsen is a fictional Superman character from the DC Comics universe, who works for the Daily Planet with Clark Kent and Lois Lane. His boss is Perry White. He thinks that Clark Kent and Lois Lane are his "heroes". He becomes "The Nail" in a comic book theme.

The character has appeared in most other media adaptations of Superman. He was portrayed by Tommy Bond in the two Superman movie serials, "Superman" (1948) and "Atom Man vs. Superman" (1950). Jack Larson played the character on the "Adventures of Superman" television show; Marc McClure in the "Superman" movies of the 1970s and 1980s, as well as the 1984 film "Supergirl"; Michael Landes in the first season of "" and Justin Whalin in the subsequent three seasons; Sam Huntington in the 2006 movie "Superman Returns"; Aaron Ashmore in The CW's "Smallville"; and Michael Cassidy in the 2016 DC Extended Universe movie "". In the Arrowverse series "Supergirl", he was portrayed by Mehcad Brooks. He will be portrayed by Skyler Gisondo in the upcoming "Superman".

Jonathan and Martha Kent

Jonathan and Martha Kent are fictional Superman characters who were the adopted parents when they found the baby Superman in the field. They appear in American comic books published by DC Comics. They cared for "Clark Kent" until he became an adult. The Kents died from a rare tropical disease with Martha dying first. Before he died, Jonathan told the Clark should use his powers for good in earth. In other cases, Jonathan dies and Martha is still alive.

Glenn Ford and Phyllis Thaxter play Jonathan and Martha in "Superman: The Movie", Eva Marie Saint plays Martha in "Superman Returns", while Kevin Costner and Diane Lane play them in "Man of Steel".


Jean Charest

John James "Jean" Charest (born 24 June 1958) is a French Canadian politician. He was Premier of Quebec from 2003 until 2012 under the Quebec Liberal Party.

Charest was born and grew up in Sherbrooke, Quebec. Before politics, he worked as a lawyer. He received his diploma from the University of Sherbrooke in 1981, and was admitted to the Bar of Quebec the same year. After 3 years of working in court, Charest decided to join the Conservative Party of Canada in 1984. He was only 26 years old when he was elected as the representative of Sherbrooke.

Jean Charest had joined the Conservative Party of Canada in 1984. In the same year, he was appointed as Assistant Deputy Chair of Committees of the House of Commons. On June 1986, he joined the Cabinet of Prime Minister Brian Mulroney. He was the youngest person to serve in the Cabinet. He was given the job of Minister of State for Youth. Charest was re-elected in 1988, and served as Minister of State for Fitness and Amateur Sport.

In 1984, the Prime Minister of Canada, Brian Mulroney, promised that Quebec would sign the Canadian Constitution, which every other province had already signed two years before. Jean Charest was very involved in this project, but it did not succeed.

In 1995, Quebec was governed by the Parti Québécois, who started a referendum about whether Quebec should stay as a part of Canada. In others words, the population had the choice of staying or leaving the country. Jean Charest was against the idea of Quebec leaving the union. The results were very close, but Quebec stayed as part of the country.

During the 1990s, the sovereignty movement was at its height. Jean Charest, who was a big part of the "No" campaign in 1995, had won the support of many federalists from Quebec. This is why he joined the Liberal Party of Quebec in 1998, as the leader of the party. In 1998, Charest participated at his first election as a leader of a party. He received more votes than his opponent, but did not reach the majority. He stayed as official Leader of the Opposition until 29 April 2003.

Charest won the next election and became Premier of Quebec on the 29 April 2003 by receiving 45.99% of the votes from the electors. Mario Dumont from the "Action Démocratique du Québec" and Bernard Landry from the "Parti Quebecois" were his opponents. The Liberal Party won 76 out of 125 seats.

During his government, there were crises with the housing industry and university funding. Charest was not able to lower taxes as he had promised during his campaign. In the 2008 election, the Liberal Party under Jean Charest got re-elected as the government, with 66 out of 125 seats and 42% of the votes from Quebec's electors. Charest himself was less popular in this election than the other one before. He gained 33.08% of the votes from the electors.

The popularity of Jean Charest dropped down very quickly. On 4 September 2012, Charest had been defeated and he decided to quit.

After his resignation, Jean Charest decided to give more time to his family and begin working again as lawyer. At least five law firms have shown interest in his services, especially one in Toronto.

In March 2022, Charest announced his candidacy in the race for the leadership of the Conservative Party of Canada. He lost the election in September 2022 to Pierre Poilievre.

At the age of 18 years old, Jean Charest met Michèle Dionne who became his wife. They met while they were studying in Sherbrooke. Michèle Dionne had been considerate as a big part of his career, she has supported and has influenced many of his choices while he was in politics. Amélie, Antoine and Alexandra are their 3 children.

Martha Wayne

Martha (née Kane) Wayne was a fictional Batman character who was the mother of Bruce Wayne. She was the wife of Thomas Wayne. After her and her husband were killed, her only son, Bruce becomes Batman because of their killing. She was created by Bill Finger.

Lauren Cohan plays Martha in the DC Extended Universe first appearing in "" (2016).

Thomas Wayne

Dr. Thomas Wayne is a fictional Batman character who was the father of Bruce Wayne and the husband of Martha Wayne. He was the founder of Wayne Enterprises and was one of Gotham's best doctors. He had a strong relationship with Bruce until he was killed along with his wife by Joe Chill. From his death Bruce became Batman to avenge their deaths.

Jeffrey Dean Morgan plays Thomas in the DC Extended Universe first appearing in "" (2016) and Brett Cullen plays him in the 2019 movie "Joker".

Bat-Signal

The Bat-Signal is a fictional distress signal that shines a light into the sky with a shadow in the shape of a bat to call Batman and Robin when there's a crime happening or when James Gordon has a lead on a case. Gordon, Harvey Dent, Harvey Bullock, Hamilton Hill, and Barbara Gordon have access to the machine. Many spoofs of the machine are made in many television shows.

Wayne Manor

Wayne Manor is the home of Gotham City billionaire Bruce Wayne and his butler Alfred Pennyworth. The manor was the childhood home of Bruce when his parents were alive. The Manor was part of the Wayne's family for generations. Under the manor is the Batcave or Batman's lair.


Batcave

The Batcave is the fictional secret lair of Batman. It is on the foundation of Wayne Manor. There are two ways into the cave, one is through a waterfall on the back of the cave and the other is a built-in elevator that leads from the library of Wayne Manor to the bridge of the cave. It holds all of Batman's secrets, gadgets, the Batmobile, and a real gorge. The cave also has millions of bats.


Wayne Enterprises

Wayne Enterprises, Inc., also known as WayneCorp and Wayne Industries, is a fictional company that was created by Thomas Wayne. The company has three main owners Bruce Wayne, Dick Grayson, and CEO of the company Lucius Fox. The enterprises makes one the leading materials and technology in Gotham City. The company also makes and gives Batman all his gadgets and weapons he needs to save Gotham. The enterprise has about $31.6 million dollars.

Batboat

The Batboat is the fictional waterboat that Batman uses to travel to places on the sea or lakes. The boat was a product from Wayne Enterprises made by Lucius Fox. The boat holds many weapon buttons from Batman can push them to pull out a gadget and use it during and attack. The boat has enough space for two. The boat can also turn in a submarine.

The boat has appeared in "Batman", "Batman Returns", and in "Batman Forever".

Batcycle

The Batcycle is the fictional personal motorcycle for Batman that has built-in guns. It also as a bullet proof window guard. The batcycle either comes alone or it is built into the Batmobile. The batcycle appeares in "Batman" and as the Bat Pod in "The Dark Knight" and in "The Dark Knight Rises". In the Christopher Nolan movies, "The Dark Knight, "the cycle was built into the Batmobile," "and in" The Dark Knight Rises" the cycle was given to Catwoman. The cycle was built in Wayne Enterprises by Lucius Fox.

Bonnie Tyler

Gaynor Hopkins (born 8 June 1951), known as Bonnie Tyler, is a Welsh singer, songwriter, and philanthropist. 

She has had several major hit songs such as "Holding Out for a Hero", "Lost in France," "It's a Heartache" and "Total Eclipse of the Heart" which became major hits in the late 1970s and early 1980s. 

Tyler represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö with the song "Believe in Me". The song finished in 19th place.

Tyler was nominated for a Grammy Award three times and a Brit Award three times. She was awarded an MBE in 2022.

A list of Tyler's albums:


There are also collections of songs from the above albums.


Batplane

The Batplane, later known as the Batwing is the personal airplane for Batman. The plane was built by Wayne Enterprises by Lucius Fox. It is part plane part helicopter or "The Batcopter". The plane holds many guns and gadgets in case of an air attack. It also can air-park while up in the air. The plane appeared in "Batman", "Batman Forever", and as The Bat in "The Dark Knight Rises".


Batmobile

The Batmobile is the personal car for Batman and Robin. The Batmobile was made from Wayne Enterprises by Lucius Fox. The Batmobile appeared in all Batman movies ever made, but in Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight Trilogy" it was named The Tumbler throughout the trilogy. The Batmobile holds many weapons and gadgets.


Blackgate Prison

Blackgate Prison is a fictional prison where normal prisoners are taken into jail. The prison is off the coast of Gotham Bay which is like Alcatraz Island. In other cases the prison is in the city such as in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Blackgate Prison is unlike Arkham Asylum, in which many people like Rupert Thorne, Carmine Falcone, The Penguin, Ventriloquist, and Victor Zsasz are held. The prison was in "The Dark Knight Rises" when Bane used the Batmobile to shoot the prison open to free all the prisoners to occupy Gotham.


Arkham Asylum

Arkham Asylum is a fictional asylum in Gotham City where the crazy Batman criminals live. This includes: The Joker, Bane, Two-Face, Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy, Mr. Freeze, Riddler, Penguin, Scarecrow, Killer Croc, and Jeremiah Arkham. The leading doctor of Arkham was Jeremiah Arkham before turning into the second Black Mask. Arkham was destroyed many times and many times the criminals escaped.

Arkham appeared in "Batman Forever", "Batman & Robin" and in "Batman Begins". Besides, "" is an acclaimed action-adventure videogame created in 2009, followed by "" (2011) as the prequel called "" (2013) and the most recent installment "" (2015), which are set in the Batman universe, especifically in this fictional place.


Laura Leighton

Laura Leighton (July 24, 1968 in Iowa City, Iowa) is an American actress. She works mainly on television programs. She plays Ashley Marin in "Pretty Little Liars". She also played Sydney Andrews in the primetime soap opera "Melrose Place". Leighton has also appeared in other television shows.

Chairlift

A chairlift, also called an elevated passenger ropeway, is a type of public transport. It is like a chair that runs on cables. The cable is placed over the chair to lift it from the ground and they run between two (or more) stations. The cable is moved around by motors and lifted from the ground by towers. There are many chairs on the cable so that many people can be transported.

Chairlifts are found in skiing resorts, where they help skiers go up the mountain. They are sometimes better than gondola lifts because the skier does not need to remove the skis. He/she can sit down on the chair and then leave it at the top of the mountain very quickly. Old chairlifts are small and slow. Newer ones can carry up to 8 people. They are also faster overall, but they slow down at the station, making it easier to get on and off. Sometimes they even have a glass bubble that can be closed to keep people warm inside.


Yasmine Bleeth

Yasmine Amanda Bleeth (June 14, 1968 in New York) is an American actress. She works mainly on television programs. She played Caroline Holden in the television soap "Baywatch". She also did other television shows. She was born in New York City.

Gena Lee Nolin

Gena Lee Nolin (born November 29, 1971, Duluth, Minnesota) is an American actress. She performs mostly on television. She starred in the primetime television soap opera "Baywatch". She also created her own show, "Sheena", in 2000.

Louise Fletcher

Estelle Louise Fletcher (July 22, 1934 – September 23, 2022) was an American actress. She won many awards for her television and movie acting. She is most famous for playing the main antagonist "Nurse Ratched" in the movie "One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest" (1975). That earned her an Academy Award for Best Actress, a BAFTA Award, and a Golden Globe Award in 1976. She was also well-known for her role as the Bajoran religious leader "Kai Winn Adami" in the television series "" (1993–99). She acted in many other movies and television series.

On September 23, 2022, Fletcher died at her home in Montdurausse, France, at the age of 88.


Gena Rowlands

Gena Rowlands (born June 19, 1930 in Madison, Wisconsin) is an American actress. She has gotten several Golden Globe and Emmy Awards. She starred opposite Robert Lansing in "The 87th Precinct" as a woman who was deaf. She also acted in the 1980 picture "Gloria" as the title character. She was married to director John Cassavetes until his death in 1989. They had three children.

Diverticulitis

Diverticulitis is a disease of the digestive system. It is caused by inflammation of pouches (diverticula) in the walls of the bowel. It usually occurs in the large intestine. Diverticula can also be in the upper digestive tract at the level of the esophagus, stomach and small intestine.

Symptoms of diverticulitis depend on the extent of inflammation in the intestine. Diverticulitis can be very painful. The pain is usually present in the lower abdomen on the left side. People with diverticulitis can also have nausea, vomiting, difficulty or pain while passing urine and changes in bowel habits.

One of the complications of diverticulitis can be the formation of an abscess in the abdominal cavity. The inflammation or infection can then reach the abdominal wall and causes peritonitis. This infection can also spread to other parts of the body such as organs near the intestine, causing sepsis, which is dangerous. In addition, a fistula may form between the intestine and other organs. Diverticulitis may also cause a blockage in the colon.

To prevent diverticulitis, it is important to be active and to have a diet rich in fibers. These include eating (fruits, vegetables, legumes and cereals). It is also possible to reduce the risks of diverticulitis in several ways: chew foods before swallowing, defecate as soon as you feel the need, eat less fats and meats, do more physical activities, eat probiotics and drink water regularly.

To diagnose diverticulitis, it is important to do a barium enema X-ray to see the shape of the intestine wall. Diverticula can be seen with a axial tomographie scan (CT scan). It is also possible to prescribe an abdominal radiograph to indicate if there is a perforation. After the acute phase or absence of acute diverticulitis, the doctor can prescribe a colonoscopy to look at the colon and determine the evolution of the disease.

The resection of the colon is the procedure most often used to treat severe diverticulitis. It is also possible to do a resection of the diseased part of the colon and make a colostomy. In fact, if a diverticulitis is too large, a colostomy could be necessary either temporarily or permanently.

Show jumping

Show jumping is an equestrian event that uses English riding. 
The rider and horse must complete an obstacle course under the rules of the International Federation of Equestrian sports.

The sport was born in the 18th century by fox hunters when England introduced fencing laws. Hunters were now obligated to jump fences and this became a very popular activity. In 1912, show jumping made its first appearance in the Olympic Games.

Show jumping is one of the very few sports where men and women are equal in competitions. This sport requires a muscular horse with a good cardiovascular endurance. Also, it must have a quick and stable temperament for the best performance. The breeds that are the most sought for this sport are Selle Français, Anglo-Arabe, Oldenburg, Warmblood (including Holsteiner and Hanoverian), Thoroughbred and Trakehner.

