To win the first place, the rider and his horse must complete the course as quickly as possible without making any mistakes. A fault or mistake occurs when the horse knocks down a fence or obstacle or if it disobeys; such as refusing to jump or makes a run-out. In fact, if a fault occurs the rider receives a penalty and loses automatically four points per mistake. Also, a rider can lose some points if he exceeds the given time; a penalty is deduced at each exceeding second. Also, a rider can be eliminated because of a fall down or does not do the course correctly. The course is established in advance by the course designer. A designated judge decides whether the rider is eliminated or not and if he is, the judge decides when.
The riders who complete a course without any mistake can go to the next step, which is the jump-off. It is a shorter race: again the goal is to complete the course as quickly as possible and without making any mistake. The rider who has the best time wins the competition. If mistakes are made, seconds are added to the final time and this is why only the time score determines the winners.

Pauline Gill

Pauline Gill is a writer from Quebec, member of . She grew up in Bas-St-Laurent and lived in Longueil for thirty-three years. She has been in Verchères since 2006. She studied sociology, pedagogy, history and letters at university. From 1996 to 2001, Pauline Gill was a linguistic reviser for the Collège Rosemont and some publishing houses. She co-founded in 1988, so she wrote some chronicles in its newspaper by the years. In 2001, she has been co-scenarist to produce a television series on her trilogy "". Pauline Gill has accomplished a lot of things in her life.
Before starting only writing, she taught a lot (1959-1996) in primary schools, high schools and colleges. She taught sociology, gerontology and history of Quebec. She has also been a research assistant for the INRS (Briefly, ), sector society and culture. Since 1990, she has been writing full time. She writes history books that talk about women of the past who built Quebec. She wrote the trilogy "Docteure Irma", about the life of Irma LeVasseur, first French Canadian woman who has studied medicine. She also wrote ', which is about Victoire Du Sault, the first lady to become a shoemaker. Other works are ', ', and '.

However, she not only wrote about history. She has also written for young people.


Islamic philosophy

Islamic philosophy is philosophy that is practiced in countries where Islam has a strong influence on society. The product of Islamic philosophy is an Islamic society. Philosophy, as a "project of independent philosophical inquiry", began in Baghdad in the middle of the eighth century.

Early Islamic philosophy refers to the time period of the 8th to the 12th century. This time is often called the Islamic Golden Age. There are two main branches of philosophy, Kalam, and Falsafa. Falsafa is a word that comes from Greek; it refers to the kind of philosophy much like it was done in Ancient Greece. Kalam literally means "speech": it uses dialectic in philosophy. One of the first "discussions" was about free will, a school called "Qadar" said there was free will, another school called the Jabarites said there was not.

Great highland bagpipe

The Great Highland bagpipe is a four-reed woodwind instrument from Scotland. The instrument is made of a leather or synthetic bag. The three drones are single-reed instruments and make harmonies. The chanter is a double-reed instrument used to play the melody. The instrument also has a blowpipe used to inflate the bag.

The bag is filled with air by the player to inflate it and flow air into the drones and the chanter. The bag used to be made of leather (sheepskin or cow) but is now commonly made of synthetic material (Gore-Tex) for the ease of maintenance. The blowpipe is a simple pipe used to inflate the bag with the player’s breath. 

The great highland bagpipe has three drones used for harmonies. The big one is called a “bass drone” and the two little one are called the tenors. These three drones are tuned on the same note and give the background sound that harmonizes with the chanter. The length of the drones can be adjusted to tune them. If the length is shorten, the pitch will be sharper, if it’s lengthen, the pitch will be lower. 

The chanter is a conical bored instrument with height holes in it. This instrument has been made of wood since the instrument's origin but is now made of plastic in some cases. The player opens or closes some of these holes with his fingers to give the melody. 
To play the instrument, the player (called a bagpiper or a piper) will inflate the bag and will place it under his left arm when the bag is fully inflated. The piper will now keep the pressure in the instrument with his arm. When he has to stop breathing in the bag, he’ll use his elbow to press the bag and keep the pressure on. This way of playing gives the opportunity to the player to play music during a long period of time without stopping for the need of breathing. Once the instrument is inflated, the piper have to tune one of the drones to match the chanter and, after that, he'll tune drones to match them together. If the piper do this operation carefully, he will be able to have a perfectly balance instrument. Once it's done, the player can start playing his instrument.

Moral equivalence

Moral equivalence is a term used in political arguments or debate. It is an informal fallacy. The phrase describes a kind of indirect proof, but the reasoning is flawed because it distorts issues. It draws comparisons between different things to make a point that one is just as bad as the other or just as good as the other.

The user of the term imagines a kind of independent position above or beyond the two contenders. The moral equivalence theory allows someone using the term to appear both objective and detached at the same time.

The general form of the context for the use of the trope is 

The concept of moral equivalence is not a term of philosophy; rather, it is only a logical fallacy used in arguments.

It is usually used to suggest a moral or ethical hierarchy for two sides in a conflict -- that one is better or worse than the other. The term originates from a 1906 speech "" by William James.

The term's popular use was expanded by Jeane Kirkpatrick, who was US ambassador to the United Nations when Ronald Reagan was President of the United States. In 1986, Kirkpatrick published "The Myth of Moral Equivalence" which responded to the argument that there was "no moral difference" between the Soviet Union and democratic states.


University of Bordeaux 1

The University of Bordeaux 1 (Bordeaux 1) is a public university in Bordeaux. University of Bordeaux 1 has ten schools and colleges and gives much importance to scientific and technological research. 


Condenser (apparatus)

A condenser is a device used in the laboratory to cool hot gases into liquids. It is usually a long, circular glass tube. Inside the tube there is another, smaller tube. The hot gas goes through the smaller, inside tube, while in the outside one cold water goes around. Water can be put in from the tap, and goes from the bottom to exit at the top. This makes sure the tube is always full of water, so that cooling is quick.

A condenser is used for example in distillation, where the hot vapour needs to be cooled down back to liquid to be collected. It is also used in reflux where it makes sure that the solvent used does not boil and go away.

Margaret Whiting

Margaret Whiting (July 21, 1924 - January 10, 2011) was a US pop music singer. She recorded more than 700 songs, and sold millions of records.

Whiting was born in Detroit in 1924 into a musical family. Her father, Dick Whiting, was a song writer, and her mother, Eleanor Whiting, managed several performers. She began her recording career while she was still a teenager. Her father had worked with Johnny Mercer, and Mercer wrote songs and recorded with Whiting. Their duet, "Baby It's Cold Outside", was huge hit.

Mike Ward (comedian)

Michael John Ward (born September 14, 1973, Quebec) is a Canadian comedian. He performs mostly in Quebec but has also performed in many other countries. These include France, the United States, the United Arab Emirates, Ireland and England. He has performed for the Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan. People have described his style of comedy as very "raw". This can mean that he says things that some people wouldn't say and has many strong opinions about many subjects. But it also means he says things that some people don't like. He talks about topics such as war, racism, poverty, sex and religion. 

During his career, he has had two major shows. These are "Haïssable" and "Mike Ward s'eXpose". For these two shows, he sold almost 200 000 tickets in total for his many performances. He been on many television series as comedian and animator. He has been on "Cliptoman", "Un gars le soir", "Gala juste pour rire" and " Testostérone".

He also has a podcast on iTunes. 

Because of his humour, Mike Ward had been the subject of many controversies. One of these affected many people in Quebec. During one of his shows, he did a joke on the Quebec government. In this joke, he talked about "Cédrika Provencher". She was a young girl who was kidnapped in 2007 in Quebec. She died. Her remains were found on December 11, 2015 in a wooded area near Trois-Rivières. A few weeks after the show, a journalist wrote a negative newspaper article about the show. Some people thought that Ward was making fun of Provencher but other people think that the joke was taken out of context.


Jason Voorhees

Jason Voorhees is a fictional character from the "Friday the 13th series". He first appeared in "Friday the 13th" (1980) as a young boy. When he was a boy, he went to a summer camp "Camp Crystal Lake" where he was bullied because of his appearance. He had a deformed face and body. They threw him into the lake and he drowned. It was later discovered he survived and became a killer after a teenager killed his mother, Pamela Voorhees.

In the sequel to the Friday the 13th, he wears a tan colored hood, so that nobody could see his face. It wasn't until in the third movie he wore a hockey mask and since then he wore that hockey mask throughout the series. He uses a machete to kill the teenagers who come to Camp Crystal Lake. He later had a battle with Freddy Krueger in "Freddy vs. Jason".


ELTon Award

The ELTon Award is given by the British Council for English language teaching innovation.













Les Colocs

Les Colocs ("The Roommates") were a Canadian rock band. It was formed in Montreal, Quebec in 1990. "Les Colocs" had played different kinds of music and live performances.

In October 1990, André "Dédé" Fortin and Louis Léger were in the band “Cha Cha and the Chain Gang”. They left that band and began "Les Colocs" in Montreal. They gave their first show at the Tallulah Darling for the International Festival of Rock.

One of the band's members, Marc Déry, left Les Colocs to create his own band, the Zébulon. Les Colocs put an advertisement in the newspaper looking for a new band member, and Serge Robert answered the ad. He became the band's bass player.

After a few shows, Les Colocs' guitarist, Louis Léger, left. Mike Sawatzky took his place.

The name "Les Colocs" was made official in 1992 at the “Festival international d'été de Québec". Les Colocs was the opening act, with André Fortin, Mike Sawatsky, Jimmy Bourgoing, Patrick Esposito di Napoli, and Serge Robert performing.

In 1992, the band signed their first contract with the record label BMG Music Canada.

In 1993, the band's first album, "Les Colocs", was released. It sold over 150,000 copies.

In October 1993, Les Colocs won four Félix awards. Two of these awards were for being group of the year and revelation (new surprise) of the year.

In 1994, the band's harmonica player, Patrick Esposito di Napoli, died of AIDS.

In 1995, Les Colocs made their second album. Dédé Fortin decided on a special release date because he is a strong separatist- he believes that Quebec should be separate and independent from Canada. He decided to release the second album on October 30th, 1995, which was the date of the second referendum on Quebec sovereignty.

Some time later, Dédé decided to fire Serge Robert from the band. A year later, Les Colocs hired André Vanderbiest.

In May 1998, Les Colocs made the third and last album that would come out during Dédé Fortin's life. It was called "Dehors Novembre". The album is dedicated to Patrick Esposito Di Napoli, who had died 4 years before. In this album, like the others, the lyrics are dark, and some people say that they show the singer's feelings of culpability and despair. The album sold over 100,000 copies throughout Quebec.

In November 1998, Les Colocs won the Félix award for rock album of the year.

On May 8, 2000, André “Dédé” Fortin killed himself. This ended the group.





John McClane

John McClane is a fictional character who is the protagonist of "Die Hard" movie series. He has a daughter Lucy and son Jack.

He was born in Plainfield, New Jersey. In the movies, he is played by the actor Bruce Willis.

Chucky (character)

Charles Lee <nowiki>"Chucky"</nowiki> Ray is a fictional character and the main antagonist of the "Child's Play," an American horror comedy movie franchise centered on a series of seven movies created by Don Mancini.

The character is depicted as an evil psychopathic doll (voiced by Brad Dourif), a serial killer named Charles Lee "Chucky" Ray, known as the "Lakeshore Strangler", whose soul is transferred inside a "Good Guy doll" toy following a voodoo ritual in order to avoid going to Hell. In the 2019 reboot, Chucky (voiced by Mark Hamill) is an AI doll, gone out of control, and determined to kill people.

Despite being inside the body of a doll, Chucky can feel pain and can bleed when injured, and has a large scar with stitches on his face. He used many weapons including guns, but mostly an axe or a knife to kill people who buy or sees him killing someone. He has also killed a person with a voodoo ritual. He appeared in 8 movies. He has a wife, Tiffany Valentine (also a killer doll) and one daughter/son who has mental issues (also a doll).

Chucky has made appearances in all the child's play films as listed here.


Kebechet

In the Ancient Egyptian religion, Kebechet (also known as Qebehet, Kebhut, Kebehut, Qebehut, and Kabechet) was the goddess of freshness and purification. She was known as the "wandering goddess" or the "lost child". She was the daughter of Anubis and his wife Anput and was thought to help her father in his role as the god of embalming. She was particularly associated with embalming fluid used during mummification.

Kebechet was often depicted as a snake, sometimes with a body of stars. She was also depicted as a woman with the head of a snake. Sometimes she takes the form of an ostrich, linking her to the goddess of Ma´at who represented justice and balance in the universe and was involved in the judgement of the dead.

Mariloup Wolfe

Mariloup Wolfe (born 3 January 1978) is a Canadian actress from Montreal, Quebec. She became famous through her role as "Marianne" in the popular TV series "Ramdam".

Mariloup Wolfe studied arts and communications at College Andre-Grasset. She got a college degree in this subject. After that, she went to the McGill University for one year and did a minor degree in cultural studies. She finished her bachelor's degree at Concordia University in cinematographic productions and made a specialization in this matter at the same university. All those studies were made in Montréal.

Wolfe performed in the television series "Ramdam" for many years. She played "Marianne", a charming teenager in an ordinary family. Her role in this youth series won her many awards. In particular, she won a Metrostar in the category for young comedy series, two Artis awards in 2007 and 2008 and a Gemeaux prize for the best interpretation of a major role in a youth series. She also acted in an animated television series "Fais ça court", which was about the creator of a short film.

Wolfe is the mother of two young boys: Manoe (born in May 2010) and Miro (born December 2011). Her ex-husband and father of their children is Guillaume Lemay Thivierge. Just like her, he is a comedian and met her in the "Ramdam" series in which they both acted. Wolfe represented the "Yoopa" magazine, a reference for parents, for one year. She signed an editorial in each publication. She is the owner of an Energy Cardio center at Blainville and she participated at “Rallie des gazelles” with Jessica Barker. Recently, she was an invited stylist for “Thyme Maternity”.


Khnum

Khnum (; also spelled Khnemu) was an Egyptian god. He was originally the god of the source of the Nile River. He was also the ram-headed god, a minor water god, the god of fertility, and the potter god of creation. He created the first children on his potter's wheel with clay from the banks of the Nile River. Khnum also controls when the Nile will flood.

Spring Breakers

Spring Breakers is a 2012 American movie set in St. Petersburg, Florida. The movie is written and directed by Harmony Korine. It is about five college aged girls who rob a restaurant to pay for spring break expenses. Starring are Vanessa Hudgens, Selena Gomez, Ashley Benson, Rachel Korine and Zendaya. "Spring Breakers" is rated R by the MPAA.

Heather Morris

Heather Elizabeth Morris (born February 1, 1987 in Thousand Oaks, California) is an American dancer, actress, and singer. She played Brittany Pierce in "Glee". She was also in "Bedtime Stories" and "". She was a backup dancer for Beyoncé.

Topsy Tjulyata

Topsy Tjulyata is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She makes wooden objects which are known in Western Desert languages as '. She makes these objects by carving the wood and then engraving patterns (') into its surface with a burning wire. This technique is called pokerwork. The wood she uses is sourced locally from the area around Uluṟu, where she lives. She makes both decorative sculptures and traditional tools. The patterns engraved into the objects depict ", spiritual stories about creation ancestors from the Dreamtime.

Topsy began working in arts and crafts at Ernabella in the late 1940s. She specialised in wood carving. While she was living there, she married Walter Pukutiwara, a shepherd who also crafted tools. They later moved to Amaṯa in South Australia.

In 1981, Topsy and Walter went to Uluṟu and set up a tent at the base of Uluṟu. From there they sold their " works to tourists for over two weeks. They did this trip with other artists from Amaṯa, including Pulya Taylor and Tony Tjamiwa, and their friends Peter Yates and Pat D'Arango. In 1983, this group travelled around to artist communities in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. This was to discuss the idea of setting up a new craft centre at Uluṟu that would sell artworks from around the region to tourists. The couple moved to Muṯitjulu so that they could help set up Maṟuku Arts. Topsy and Water were some of the first artists for the centre, and worked together closely until Walter's death in 2004. Topsy is still a member of the organisation's Governing Committee.

A collection of wooden bowls made by Topsy are held in the National Gallery of Australia. The patterns engraved on the surfaces depict stories about the Seven Sisters. Both the Powerhouse Museum and the National Museum of Australia contain examples of Topsy's sculptures. The sculptures are of , the perentie man.


Raw milk

Raw milk is milk which is not pasteurized. Raw milk was consumed before the invention of pasteurizing in 1864. Medical groups strongly recommend against eating or drinking raw milk. In Asia, rules and laws about raw milk are rarely enforced; in most of the European Union raw milk products are legal; in France raw milk and its products are legal and essential as high quality food. Around the United States, however, there are restrictions and warnings about raw milk and its products.

Pascal's law

Pascal's law is a law about the physics of a fluid. It says that if pressure is exerted on a non compressible fluid in an enclosed vessel, this pressure will be distributed evenly throughout the fluid. It is named after Blaise Pascal who discovered it in 1647. An example of Pascal's law is the way a fluid flows out of one syringe to another through a pipe or tube. 

Walter Pukutiwara

Walter Pukutiwara (c. 1930 – 10 November 2004) was an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. He crafted traditional tools, such as spears and spear-throwers, and wooden sculptures, known in Western Desert languages as '. He made these by carving the wood and then engraving patterns (') into its surface with a burning wire. This technique is called pokerwork. The patterns engraved into the objects depict ", spiritual stories about creation ancestors from the Dreamtime. The National Museum of Australia contains many examples of Walter's works.

Walter was born just south of Uluṟu, some time around 1930. The place where he was born is associated with the , and so the " (brushtail possum) is his personal totem. Walter grew up living a traditional way of life in the bush with his family. When he was a young man, he went to live at the mission in Ernabella, South Australia. He worked there with sheep, as a shepherd and shearer. He got married to Topsy Tjulyata, and the couple moved to Amaṯa. During the 1980s, Walter served as the Pitjantjatjara representative on the Aboriginal Arts Board (AAB). He lobbied the board for money to support art and crafts in Amaṯa. As a result, the craft centre at Amaṯa was established in February 1981.

Later in 1981, Walter and Topsy went to Uluṟu and set up a tent at the base of Uluṟu. From there they sold their "" works to tourists for over two weeks. They did this trip with other artists from Amaṯa, including Tony Tjamiwa and Pulya Taylor, and their friends Peter Yates and Patricia D'Arango. In 1983, this group travelled around to artist communities in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. This was to discuss the idea of setting up a new craft centre at Uluṟu that would sell artworks from around the region to tourists. The couple moved to Muṯitjulu so that they could help set up Maṟuku Arts, in 1984. Water and Topsy were some of the first artists for the centre. Walter served on the organisation's Governing Committee for 20 years, including as chairman many times.

From 1976 to 1978, Walter also served as a member of the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Arts Board. In the early 1990s, he helped to set up Aṉangu Tours, the main tour operator in Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park. His daughter, Rene Kulitja, and son-in-law, Richard Kulitja, took over the company when Walter retired. Walter died on 10 November 2004, in Alice Springs.


Archedictyon

Archedictyon (plural = archedictya) is the name of a hypothetical scheme of wing venation of the common ancestor of all winged insects.

The nature of the archedictyon is an important in the taxonomic classification of the large, primitive Palaeozoic insects known as Palaeodictyoptera. It was used for this purpose as early as 1854. A National Museum of Natural History database for the study of ants, wasps, bees and termites describes the archedictyon as:
...the primitive original vein network [of] the wings of many of the most ancient insect fossils; the complex network of irregular veinlets between the veins in the outer [three-quarters] of both wings, including the anal lobe.

According to a 1999 paper on the evolution of flght in Palaeoptera the cross veins of some Palaeodictyoptera may be an adaptive feature.

The archedictyon is believed to have contained between six and eight longitudinal veins, but current understanding of the design is based on a combination of fossil data and speculation.

The "Comstock-Needham system" designed by two entomologists describes these veins and their branches:

Crossveins are named based on their relative position to the more prominent longitudinal veins:

In extant insects, the term implies a retention of primitive characteristics but "not necessarily a simplicity of form". Modern insects with wings to which the term "archedictyon" has been applied include the termite "Mastotermes darwiniensis" from Australia and the praying mantis "Orthodera novaezealandiae". from New Zealand.

The term is also used in the discussion of phasmids. Then it refers to a network of non-directional veins in the costal region of the wing or in the elytron.


Elytra

Elytra are the modified, hardened front wings of beetles and some bugs (Heteroptera). In most true bugs, the forewings are called hemelytra, as only the basal half is thickened while the apex is membranous. 

The elytra act as protective wing-cases for the hind wings underneath, which are used for flying. To fly, a beetle opens the elytra and then extends the hindwings, flying while still holding the elytra open, though some beetles in the families Scarabaeidae and Buprestidae can fly with the elytra closed.

In some groups, the elytra are fused together, and the insect is flightless. Some of the ground beetles (family Carabidae) are a good example of this. 

Brian Griffin

Brian Griffin is one of the main characters in the American animated TV sitcom, "Family Guy".

He is at least a 10-year-old pet dog of the Griffin family. He shows many human behaviours (he can walk upright, drink, smoke, and speak English) but he still shows many behaviours associated with dogs, such as fetching a ball, fearing the vacuum cleaner and barking at squirrels.

It is hinted that Lois and Brian were married for a length of time.

He is the only "Family Guy" character to have appeared in every episode of the series. In a 2004 interview, Seth MacFarlane (the show's creator) revealed that Brian is his favorite character.
In the 12th season episode, "Life of Brian", he gets hit by a car and dies later at the veterinarian. Before he dies, he thanked the Griffins for giving him a wonderful life and that he loves them all. He was soon brought back to life in the Christmas special "Christmas Guy".

Gina Lollobrigida

Gina Lollobrigida was an Italian actress. She was very popular in the 1950s and 1960s. She mostly acted in Italian movies. She received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the National Italian American Foundation in 2008.

In the mid-1980s, she starred in the television series "Falcon Crest". The role was first offered to Sophia Loren, who turned it down. A rivalry with Loren was often reported in the press. Lollobrigida said in a 2015 interview that "Loren and her press agent started this 'rivalry'" and that Lollobrigida was bored of it.

In 2013, Lollobrigida sold her jewelry collection through Sotheby's. She donated the nearly $5 million to benefit stem cell therapy.

Lollobrigida died in Rome on January 16, 2023 at the age of 95.

Lollobrigida won three David di Donatello, two Nastro d'Argento and six Bambi Awards. She was nominated three times for the Golden Globe and won one in 1961 as "World Film Favourite – Female". She was nominated once for a BAFTA.

In 1985, she was nominated as an officier of Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by Jack Lang because of her achievements in photography and sculpture.

She was awarded the Légion d'honneur by then French president François Mitterrand.

On 16 October 1999, Gina Lollobrigida was nominated Goodwill Ambassador of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).

Gina

Gina [ jee-n"uh" ] is a female name with Italian origin. Gina is a well-liked name for newborn girls with a fascinating history and significance. This name originated from Italy and is a diminutive form of Regina, which translates to "queen" in Latin. Additionally, Gina is a truncation of Georgina, which means "farmer" in Greek. This name is very popular for girls in several countries. The name is shorthand for the name "Regina". Celebrities with the name include Gina Gershon and Gina Lollobrigida.



Mayra Arduini

Mayra Arduini (born October 4, 1993) is a Brazilian singer and songwriter. She was a member of the band College 11. 


Kasabian

Kasabian is a British rock band. It was formed by Tom Meighan (singer), Sergio Pizzorno (backing vocal and guitar), bassist Chris Edwards and guitarist Chris Karloff in 1997. Then it was called Saracuse. Ian Matthews and Jay Mehler joined the band after the departure of Chris Karloff in 2006. Jay joined Liam Gallagher's band Beady Eye in 2013 and was replaced by Tim Carter. They have recorded four albums, "Kasabian", "Empire", "West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum" and "Velociraptor!", and are working on the fifth.

They mostly get their inspiration from Primal Scream. They got a lot of influence from the Stone Roses. They use a little electro sound joined with a bass groove mixed in a rock template.


Trope

Trope is a term for a figure of speech. The term has evolved to identify an overused theme or device. A trope may mean a convention, a plot trick, a setup, a narrative structure and a character type all at the same time.

In rhetoric, there are many types of tropes.


Geraldine Fitzgerald

Geraldine Fitzgerald (November 24, 1913 around Dublin, Ireland-July 17, 2005 near New York City) was an Irish-American actress who acted in many movies and television programs. She starred in critically acclaimed movies like "Wuthering Heights" and "Dark Victory"; she also performed on television series, such as "Cagney & Lacey". Fitzgerald died due to Alzheimer's in New York.


Leaving group

In chemistry, a leaving group is an atom or molecule that leaves another molecule during a reaction. This reaction can be for example a nucleophilic substitution. In this case the leaving group gets a pair of electrons. Some leaving groups are better than others. This is because some atoms or molecules like getting extra electrons. The halides are a good example of good leaving groups.

The type of leaving group can change the type of reaction that happens. For example, bad leaving groups make an SN1 reaction more difficult, while they make an SN2 reaction easier.

Anita Barone

Anita Louise Barone (born September 25, 1964) is an American actress. She is best known for her role of "Georgia Jones" in the Disney Channel TV series "Shake It Up".



Sigma bond

A sigma bond (σ bond) is a type of chemical bond. It is the strongest one of the covalent type. In a sigma bond, the atomic orbitals from two atoms which are nearby go one on top of each other. This is different from a pi bond where they touch sideways. This is why a sigma bond is stronger. Sigma bonds can involve s, p, d or f orbitals. They must however be of the right symmetry to be able to form the bond.

Since the σ bond is strong, the bonding orbital is low in energy. This also means that the antibonding orbital σ* is high in energy.

Diet of Japan

It is made up of the House of Representatives (lower house) and the House of Councillors (upper house). The members of both houses of the Diet are directly elected. The Diet selects the Prime Minister. 

The Diet was first convened as the Imperial Diet in 1889.

In 1947, the Diet took its current form.



Lena Dunham

Lena Dunham (born May 13, 1986, New York City) is an American actress. She works mainly in television programs. She created and stars in the television series "Girls". She has won several Golden Globe Awards for this.

Dunham studied creative writing at Oberlin College. She often talks about this in her work. In 2012, Dunham she started dating Jack Antonoff. She is a feminist.

Jillian Murray

Jillian Leigh Murray (born June 4, 1984 in Reading, Pennsylvania) is an American actress. She acts in independent movies. She acted as Heather in "An American Carol". She also starred in other movies.

Leatherface

Leatherface is a fictional character in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" movie series. He appeared in all seven movies and is often portrayed as either the main or secondary antagonist or sometimes even the tragic villain protagonist. He is a mentally disturbed serial killer, who uses a chainsaw to attack and murder his victims somewhere in his ranch in Texas. He wears a mask made out from human skin and usually eats the remains. Because he wears the skin mask he is called Leatherface. He was played by Icelandic-born American actor Gunnar Hansen. He has appeared as a guest fighter in "Mortal Kombat X" alongside Jason Voorhees, The Predator, and The Alien.

Gorton's of Gloucester

Gorton's of Gloucester is a company that makes fishsticks and other frozen seafood in the United States. It has been based in Gloucester, Massachusetts, since 1849.

Michael Myers

Michael Myers is an American fictional character from the "Halloween movie series". He first appeared in John Carpenter's "Halloween". Myers only kills on Halloween day in Haddonfield, Illinois.

He first killed his sister on Halloween night of 1963 and since then he was searching to kill his last living family member, Cynthia "Laurie Strode" Myers. He was sent to a mental hospital, but during his transportation to another mental hospital, he escaped when the truck was attacked. After "" (Which was the only movie he did not appear) he was searching to kill Laurie's daughter.

When the franchise was rebooted with the 2018 movie "Halloween", Michael and Laurie are not siblings. After forty years at Smith's Grove Sanitarium, he escapes again and returns to Haddonfield for another killing spree. He again finds Laurie, who has been living in fear of his return.

His psychiatrist, Dr. Samuel Loomis is trying to save Michael's victims and stop Michael from killing. Myers appeared in 9 "Halloween" movies. He was played by many different actors throughout the series.

His mask was originally a James T. Kirk mask that was painted white with its eyeholes enlarged, eyebrows and sideburns removed and the hair was darkened. An Emmett Kelly clown mask was also considered.


Mothra

Mothra is a "kaiju", a type of fictional monster who first appeared in the book series "The Luminous Fairies and Mothra" by Takehiko Fukunaga, Shinichiro Nakamura, and Yoshie Hotta. The first movie she appeared in was "Mothra".


Bradley Raymond

Bradley Raymond is an American film director. He has directed different movies including "", "The Lion King 1½" and "Tinker Bell".


Elizabeth Montgomery

Elizabeth Montgomery (April 18, 1933—May 18, 1995) was an American actress . She acted in movies and television programs. Her father was actor Robert Montgomery. She starred as Samantha Stephens in the sitcom "Bewitched". She played Lizzie Borden in "The Legend of Lizzie Borden". She had other roles besides these.

Montgomery was born in Los Angeles. She died from colorectal cancer in Beverly Hills, California.

Elizabeth

The name Elizabeth is a female given name. It is pronounced [ ih-liz-"uh"-b"uh"th ] . Elizabeth  can be traced back to the Greek designation, Elisabet, a variation of the Hebrew theonym, Elisheva, signifying "God is my oath". This name was ranked #14 on the US Popular Names in 2021. There are many variants of it worldwide. It was the 10th most popular in the United States, and among the top 50 in England and Wales. 

Famous people with the name include Elizabeth Taylor, Queen Elizabeth II and Elizabeth Arden.

In the New Testament, Elizabeth is the mother of John the Baptist and the wife of Zechariah. (Gospel of Luke chapter 1)

Elizabeth can be spelt Elisabeth, and can be shortened to Liz, Lizzie, Lisette, Lilly, Libby, Eliza, Beth and Lisa.


Josephine

The name Josephine [ joh-z"uh"-feen, -s"uh"- ] is a female given name. Josephine is a timeless name that has been well-liked for hundreds of years. It is the feminine version of the name Joseph and has a meaning of "God will increase" or "may Jehovah add/give increase." There are many variants. The name is a female version of "Joseph" (which is a Hebrew version of Yosef). There are many celebrities with the name Josephine and related forms, although the name is only marginally popular in the United States.


Ramnagar, Udhampur

Ramnagar () is a town and subdistrict of Udhampur District in Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Angkuna Kulyuru

Angkuna Kulyuru is an Aboriginal Australian artist. She is perhaps best known for her batik and printing works. She also does weaving, basketry, and carved wooden sculptures (""). Her batik designs display the fluid, abstract style that is distinctive to Ernabella Arts. There is no specific meanings to her designs, but they are inspired by the natural environment.

Kulyuru was born in 1943, at Wamitjara, a rockhole near Kenmore Park (now Yunyarinyi). This is in the far north of South Australia, near the border with the Northern Territory. Her family are Pitjantjatjara. They lived a traditional life in the bush, but settled at Ernabella soon after Kulyuru was born. When she grew up, Kulyuru started work in the community's craft centre after originally working at the school. She began learning batik methods in the 1970s, and became one of Ernabella Arts' most prolific and well-known batik artists. Kulyuru has nine children. Five of Angkuna's daughters have also become artists: Unurupa (born 1962), Amanda (1964), Karen (1969), Daisybell (1972) and Tjulyata (1978).

Kulyuru's works have been shown in many exhibitions since the 1980s. One of her early batik works was chosen as a finalist for the National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award in 1987. It was bought by the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory. Other examples of her work are held in the National Gallery of Victoria, the National Gallery of Australia, and the National Museum of Australia. An example of one of her weaving work, a jug made out of palm leaves, is in the British Museum.


Maureen O'Sullivan

Maureen Paula O'Sullivan (17 May 1911 – 23 June 1998) was an Irish actress best known for playing Jane in the "Tarzan" series of films starring Johnny Weissmüller.

O'Sullivan was born in Boyle, County Roscommon, Ireland in 1911. She is the daughter of Mary Lovatt (nee Fraser) and Charles Joseph O'Sullivan, an officer in the Connaught Rangers who served in World War I. Aside from Irish, she had some English and Scottish ancestry.

She acted in movies which were mostly released prior to 1984. She also performed in stage shows. 

She was the mother of seven children. Stephanie and Mia Farrow are actresses.

Maureen died in Scottsdale, Arizona on June 23, 1998 due to complications of heart issues and surgery. 

&quot;Superstar&quot; Billy Graham

Eldridge Wayne Coleman (June 7, 1943 – May 17, 2023) was an American professional wrestler. He was of part Arkansas Cherokee descent. Graham was best known for his highly dramatic and charismatic style of wrestling. He created the style while working with The World Wide/World Wrestling Federation under the ring name, "Superstar" Billy Graham. He was also an amateur fine artist. Graham was widely acknowledged as the person who changed modern American pro wrestling by combining it with bodybuilding. Many modern professional wrestlers have a bodybuilders' physique. Before wrestling, Graham played 5 games with the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League (CFL).

During the steroid allegations involving WWE owner Vince McMahon in 1992, Graham went on "The Phil Donahue Show". On the program, he said that he commonly used steroids. He blamed the WWF for his addiction. The drugs were not illegal in the 1970s. This caused problems between Graham and McMahon. They lasted for over ten years.

He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2004 by Triple H. In 2011, it was reported that he wanted his name removed from the WWE Hall of Fame after he was upset that Abdullah the Butcher was also made a member of the Hall of Fame.

Graham was hospitalized in January 2023 because of an ear and skull infection. In April, he was treated for kidney, heart and lung problems. Graham died on May 17, 2023 while on life-support at a Phoenix, Arizona hospital of multiple organ failure, aged 79.

Graham held many championships during his professional wrestling career:



Butterfly McQueen

Thelma "Butterfly" McQueen (January 7, 1911 – December 22, 1995) was an American actress. She was originally a dancer. McQueen first appeared on screen in 1939, as "Prissy", Scarlett O'Hara's maid in the movie "Gone with the Wind". She continued as an actress in movies through the 1940s, then moving to television acting in the 1950s.

Butterfly was born Thelma McQueen in Tampa, Florida. She was planning to become a nurse until a high-school teacher suggested that she try acting. McQueen studied with Janet Collins and went on to dance with the Venezuela Jones Negro Youth Group. Around this time she received the nickname "Butterfly" because of her constantly moving hands in the Butterfly Ballet in a production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream". She had always hated her birth name, and later legally changed her name to Butterfly McQueen. She performed with the dance troupe of Katherine Dunham. She made her professional debut in George Abbott's "Brown Sugar".

McQueen's first on-screen credited role was "Prissy", the young maid in "Gone with the Wind". McQueen did not enjoy playing the part and felt it was demeaning to African Americans.

She also played a small part as a sales assistant in "The Women" (1939). She also played "Butterfly", Rochester's niece and Mary Livingstone's maid in the Jack Benny radio program, for a time during World War II. She appeared in a small role in "Mildred Pierce" (1945) and played a supporting role in "Duel in the Sun" (1946). By 1947, she had grown tired of the ethnic stereotypes she was required to play. She then ended her movie career.

From 1950 until 1952 she played "Oriole", another racially stereotyped role, on the television series "Beulah". In a lighter moment, she appeared in an episode of "The Dating Game" in 1969.

Offers for acting roles began to decline around this time, and she devoted herself to other pursuits including political study; she received a bachelor's degree in political science from City College of New York in 1975. In 1979 McQueen won a Daytime Emmy Award for her performance as Aunt Thelma, a fairy godmother in the "ABC Afterschool Special" episode "The Seven Wishes of Joanna Peabody." She had one more role of substance in the 1986 movie "The Mosquito Coast".

McQueen never married or had any children. She lived in New York in the summer months and in Augusta, Georgia during the winter.

In July 1983, a jury awarded McQueen US$60,000 in a judgment stemming from a lawsuit she filed against two bus-terminal security guards. McQueen sued for harassment after she claimed the security guards accused her of being a pickpocket and a vagrant while she was at a bus terminal in April 1979.

McQueen died at age 84 on December 22, 1995 at Augusta Regional Medical Center in Augusta. She died from burns she had gotten when a kerosene heater she tried to light malfunctioned and burst into flames.

A lifelong atheist, she donated her body to medical science and remembered the Freedom From Religion Foundation in her will.


Googly

In cricket, a googly is a type of way the ball is bowled. A googly is bowled by a right-arm leg spin bowler. It is occasionally called a Bosie (or Bosey) after its inventor Bernard Bosanquet.

Brittany Daniel

Brittany Ann Daniel (born March 17, 1976) is an American actress. She works mostly in television programs. She and her twin sister Cynthia performed in many venues using the "twin gimmick." She played Jessica Wakefield in the teen sit-com "Sweet Valley High". When she Sweet Valley program ended, Cynthia decided to leave acting in favor of a career as a photographer and Brittany decide to keep right on acting. She played Kelly Pitts in the comedy-drama television series "The Game". 

Brittany Daniel was born in Gainesville, Florida.

Richard G. Morris

Richard Graham Michael Morris (born 1948) is a British neuroscientist. He is known for developing the Morris water navigation task. This is one of the most-widely used learning tests for rodents. He is also known for investigating how the hippocampus works. He is the director of the Centre for Cognitive and Neural Systems (Edinburgh) He is also the Wolfson Professor of Neuroscience at the University of Edinburgh. He became a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1997. Morris was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2007.

Brittany (name)

The name Brittany [brit-n-ee] is a female name of French and Latin origins. It came from Brittany, a region of France.Brittany is a Celtic name that originates from the ancient region of Britain. This feminine name signifies "from Britain" or "from the land of the Britons". It is widely used in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. This name was first used in America in the very early 1970s. It was used the most during the 1990s.This name was ranked #934 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

The name comes from the word "Britannia", a 2nd-century Roman goddess.



Filibuster

Filibuster, also known as talking out a bill, is a tactic of parliamentary procedure. Filibustering occurs when a person addresses a parliament for a new law, and somebody disagrees with such law, so they start talking and don't stop until the parliament calls off for the day. It is a method of stopping an unfavorable bill to the mind a parliament member from being passed.
The term "filibuster" comes from the French word "flibustier," meaning "pillaging pirate." In terms of parliamentary procedure, the word was not used until the 19th century However, the use of long speeches as a delaying tactic is part of the history of the Roman Senate. For example, Cato the Younger is known for using filibuster tactics to block Julius Caesar's rise to power. 


In the United States, current rules in the Senate require all Senators to be allowed to deliver a speech for as long as they want. Voting cannot begin until all Senators finish giving their speeches. A filibuster allows a senator to block a bill by speaking on behalf of the bill for too long on purpose so it would not be brought to a vote. To pass a bill, the Senate only needs at least 50 votes (out of 100) in support of the bill. To end a filibuster will require cloture which requires 60 votes (out of 100) in support. A cloture would allow the bill to be voted on because it forces all debates to end. 

To get around the filibuster, the Senate may choose to include a provision of the bill through a reconciliation bill. A reconciliation bill bans filibusters and only requires 50 votes (out of 100) for it to pass. In 2013, the Senate Democrats changed the rules to ban filibusters for confirming the President's nominee for courts other than the Supreme Court. In 2017, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell added Supreme Court nominations to the ban on filibusters in order to confirm Neil Gorsuch (appointed by Donald Trump) to the Supreme Court with only 50 votes. 

Supporters of the filibuster argue it protects the minority from having no say in the bill. However, critics claim it gives the minority too much power by blocking any legislation. 

In 2021, the Democratic Party introduced legislation that would eliminate the filibuster that could be passed with only a majority vote. However, Democratic senators Joe Manchin and Kyrsten Sinema said they are opposed to modifying the filibuster.


Balochistan High Court

The High Court of Balochistan is the highest judicial institution of Balochistan, Pakistan. The court is formally known as High Court of Balochistan. It is situated at the provincial capital Quetta.

Steven Moffat

Steven William Moffat (; born 18 November 1961) is a Scottish television writer and producer. He is the writer and director of "Doctor Who". Moffat is also the director, creator, and ruiner of Sherlock. He has written three series for both of his projects. He created several iconic monsters, including the Weeping Angels. He has won four BAFTA Awards.

Satanic leaf-tailed gecko

The Satanic Leaf Tailed Gecko ("Uroplatus phantasticus"), is a species of gecko. It is only native to the island of Madagascar. It was first described in 1888 by George Albert Boulenger.

They look a lot like a dead leaf. Its veins are showing and look just like the veins on a leaf. Its tail looks like it has been rotted or nibbled by insects. They are mostly mottled brown. They have small brown dots on their underside, which helps people tell them apart from other species. It may also be known as the eyelash leaf tailed gecko or the fantastic leaf tailed gecko.

Satanic leaf-tailed geckos are native to the central and northern tropical forests of Madagascar. They climb on the trees and bushes. Satanic leaf-tailed geckos are found only in the mountainous rainforests in the southern two-thirds of Madagascar. They are found at the base of trees distinguishing itself as leaf litter. 

They weigh about 10 to 30 grams. Adults are normally about 3-6 centimeters long including their tail, but sometimes they can be up to 9 centimeters long.

The geckos eat different kinds of insects, flies, worms, and spiders. They can eat large insects because of their big mouth.

Northern pygmy owl

The Northern pygmy owl ("Glaucidium gnoma") is a small owl native to North and Central America.

The Northern pygmy owl is small and has a long tail. It has shiny yellow eyes, yellow feet, and small tuffs of fur with its ears. Its feathers are a reddish brown speckled with white. Like all of the members of its family, it has fake eye spots that are black and outlined in white on the back of its neck. The Northern Pygmy Owl's stomach is white with black stripes. The Northern Pygmy Owl tends to perch in a diagonal position rather than an upright position.

Northern pygmy owls nest and breed in evergreen-filled forests and woodlands with variety. They normally mate in Spring. They prefer to live in tree cavities or old woodpeckers' holes. They do not add anything to their nest. The mothers keep three or four eggs warm. But she waits for all of the eggs to be laid before she starts incubating. That is an inimitable trait of northern American owls. While the female owl takes care of the eggs, the male consistently brings food for them. After the eggs hatch, the mother takes care of them for about one week. The baby owls will gain the ability to fly in about twenty-seven to twenty-eight days.

Northern pygmy owls are widespread across North America. They usually live in the scattered areas with less trees, rather than large parts of land with lots of unbroken trees. Northern pygmy owls are most active during the dawn or the dusk. Northern pygmy owls can also be seen in the daytime, when the weather is overcast. They like to perch on conifer or small trees, or in a snag. When they perch, they bob their head up and down, and flick their tails, and hold their tails to one side.

One third of the pygmy owls' diet are rodents, large insects, and small birds. Northern pygmy owls are very aggressive hunters, so fast that they can catch their prey in flight.


Emily Watson

Emily Margaret Watson (born 14 January 1967) is an English actress. She was born in Islington, London. She acted in "Breaking the Waves", "Hilary and Jackie", "Cradle will Rock" and "Angela's Ashes" and "Oranges and Sunshine". Her television roles include the title character in "Appropriate Adult", for which she won a BAFTA Award.

Emily

The name Emily [ em-"uh"-lee ] is a female given name. It comes from the Roman name "Aemilia". It is very popular in the English-speaking world. There are many famous people with the name Emily. Emily has been a popular name for baby girls for centuries and has been used in various cultures, each with its own interpretation. The name Emily is believed to have originated from the Latin name Aemilia, which meant "rival" or "emulating." During the Roman era, it was a common name among the aristocracy and was later adopted by the English. The name Emily has been associated with several meanings, with one of the most popular being "industrious" or "hardworking." This significance is rooted in the Latin word "aemulus," which means "rival" or "emulating." In ancient Rome, girls born into affluent families were given the name Aemilia, indicating the expectation that they would be diligent and hardworking. This name was ranked #21 on the US Popular Female Names in 2021.

It is also the name of a song on Joanna Newsom's album Ys.

The name has been used for Atlantic hurricanes.


Conor Maynard

Conor Maynard (born 21 November 1992) is an English singer. He comes from Brighton. His first album, "Contrast", was a large success: it went top of the UK charts. He had four singles from that album: "Can't Say No", "Vegas Girl", "Turn Around" and "Animal". They all reached the top 10 in the UK charts. They also did well in Scotland, Ireland, and other countries.


Emma (given name)

Emma [ em-"uh" ] is a female given name. It comes from the Germanic word "ermen" (which means universal or whole). 

The name is very popular for females in the English-speaking world. It became popular in the United States in the mid to late 20th century. This name was one of the most popular for 2008. 

It is the feminine version of the name "Emmanuel", which is derived from the Hebrew name "Immanuel" that means "God is with us". 

Additionally, the name Emma is linked to the Latin word "emere", which means "to purchase" or "to obtain".


Mason

Mason may refer to:


Lilyan Tashman

Lilyan Tashman was an American stage, silent movie, and early "talkie" actress. She was born in New York City. She won notice as a vaudevillian in the Zeigfield Follies. Her first movie was "Experience" in 1921. This was followed by many others. She often played the bitchy "other woman". Tashman was a lesbian and looked for sex with other women in public restrooms. She had a long term affair with Greta Garbo. She married vaudevillian Al Lee and, later, openly gay actor Edmund Lowe. Their parties were the talk and the scandal of early Hollywood. Tashman died of cancer in 1934. Her last film, "Frankie and Johnny", was released after her death in 1936.

National Aboriginal &amp; Torres Strait Islander Art Award

The National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award (NATSIAA) is a competition, exhibition and award held each year for visual arts in Australia. It is one of the most important art awards in Australia. It was first created in 1984 by the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory. Telstra has sponsored the event since 1992, so it is often known as the Telstra Award.

The competition is open to all adult Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander artists. It features artists from all over Australia. Its goal is to show the best indigenous art in the country. The works can be in any media, including paintings (on bark, canvas and paper), prints, sculpture, textiles, weaving, ceramics, glass, photography, digital media and video.

The first prize of AU$40,000 is awarded to the work considered the best in the show. Smaller prizes of AU$4,000 each are awarded in four categories.



Hanlon's razor

Hanlon's razor is a saying that reads:

In simpler words: some bad things happen not because of people having bad intentions, but because they did not think it through properly.

The quotation is attributed to Robert J. Hanlon of Scranton, Pennsylvania, US. According to his friend Joseph Bigler, Hanlon first used it as part of something he wrote for a compilation of various jokes related to Murphy's law. The compilation book was published in 1980 titled "Murphy's Law Book Two, More Reasons Why Things Go Wrong". The name was inspired by Occam's razor.

There are many similar sayings. One example is ""Never ascribe to malice that which is adequately explained by incompetence."" Something similar has been attributed to science fiction author Robert Heinlein’s short story "Logic of Empire" in 1941 (“I would say that you have fallen into the commonest fallacy of all in dealing with social and economic subjects-the "devil theory".'Huh?' 'You have attributed conditions of villainy that simply result from stupidity.”). The phrase has also been erroneously attributed to Napoleon Bonaparte.

Hulk

Hulk may refer to:


 the TV series


Andrea Martin

Andrea Louise Martin is an American-Canadian actress, singer and comedian. She is best known for her work in the television series "SCTV" and "Great News". She has been in movies such as "Black Christmas" (1974), "Wag the Dog" (1997), "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" (2001), "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" (2002), "My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2" (2016) and "Little Italy" (2018). She has also been in the animated movies"Anastasia" (1997), "The Rugrats Movie" (1998) and "" (2001).

Martin has been also acted on stage. She has won Tony Awards for both "My Favorite Year" and the 2013 version of "Pippin". Martin has been on Broadway in "Candide", "Oklahoma!", "Fiddler on the Roof", "Young Frankenstein", "Exit the King", and "Act One". She has gotten five nominations for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical. This is more than any other actress. She got her first nomination for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for the 2016 version of "Noises Off".

She also starred as Carol Wendelson on the NBC sitcom "Great News", and as Marilyn Kessler in the Hulu series "Difficult People".

Santon

A santon ("little saint") is small, hand painted, terra cotta figurine manufactured in Provençal. These figurines represent characters in the "nativity scene" such as the Holy Family and the Magi. Also represented are traditional characters from 19th century French village life such as the scissors sharpener, the fishwife, the chestnut seller, and the miller. Santons had their origin in the days of the French Revolution when revolutionists forbade large nativity scenes. The production of santons today is a family affair with parents teaching the craft to their children. Santon makers gather in Marseille and other places during the Christmas season to display and sell their products.

Aldo Moro

Aldo Romeo Luigi Moro (September 23, 1916 – May 9, 1978) was an Italian politician who was the 38th Prime Minister of Italy from December 4, 1963 through June 24, 1968. He was also the Italian Minister of Justice, the Italian Minister of Education, and the Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs. His political career would last from 1963 from 1974. He was a Roman Catholic.

He was born on September 23, 1916 in Maglie, Apulia, Italy and studied at the University of Bari and at Sapienza University of Rome. Moro was married and had 4 children.

Moro was kidnapped on March 16, 1978 by the Red Brigades (BR), a Marxist-Leninist terrorist organization. On May 9, 1978, the Red Brigades said that he would go free so they sent him to a car. As Moro began to enter the car, he was fatally shot after 55 days of his captivity. He was 61 years old. In fact, Pope Paul VI "offered himself in exchange … for Aldo Moro …".


Nick Clooney

Nicholas Joseph "Nick" Clooney (born January 13, 1934) is an American journalist, anchorman, and television host. He is the brother of Rosemary Clooney and the father of George Clooney. He is also the father of Adelia Clooney.

Clooney was born on January 13, 1934 in Maysville, Kentucky. His parents had German, Irish, and English ancestry. His career would begin in California during the 1960s. Later he moved to Lexington, Kentucky and to Cleveland, Ohio. Clooney was married to Nina Bruce Warren since 1959. They had two children. He now lives in Los Angeles, California.

Clooney ran to be part of the United States House of Representatives for Kentucky for the Democrat Party in 2004. He ran against Ken Lucas. Clooney lost 44% to 54%.


Hope, Arkansas

Hope is a city in Arkansas. It is the birthplace of former Arkansas governors Bill Clinton, who was later U.S. President, and former Governor Mike Huckabee, who unsuccessful ran for the Republican nomination in 2008 and 2016. According to the 2020 United States Census its population is 8,952.


Ellen Burstyn

Ellen Burstyn (December 7, 1932, Detroit) is an American actress who stars on the stage and in television programs and movies. She performed as Kate Bartok in the NBC television series "The Doctors"; her movies include "Requiem for a Dream", a movie in which she performed as a drug addicted mom.

Sleeping Dogs

Sleeping Dogs is an action-adventure video game. It was developed by United Front Games and published by Square Enix. It was released on 14 August 2012. The game is set in Hong Kong and focuses on an undercover operation to infiltrate the Triads (an underground society). The main character in the game (who the player controls) is Wei Shen. He was sent away to the United States to become a police officer and then decided to come back to Hong Kong to stop the Sun On Yee shipping company who do many illegal things. This game consist of three major parts: cops, traids, and face.

Kate Mulgrew

Katherine "Kate" Mulgrew (born April 29, 1955 in Dubuque, Iowa) is an American actress. She works on stage and in movies and television programs. She starred in "" and "Orange Is the New Black". She acted in "Throw Momma from the Train". She has worked in other television programs and movies.

Warren Barfield

Warren Harding Barfield, Jr. (born May 4, 1979) is an American singer of Christian music.


Ellen Pompeo

Ellen Katherine Pompeo (November 10, 1969) is an American actress. She works mostly in television shows. She portrayed the character Meredith Grey in "Grey's Anatomy". She also does other television work. She was born in Everett, Massachusetts. She married producer Chris Ivery in 2007.

Foreign exchange market

The foreign exchange market (forex, FX, or currency market) is a form of exchange for the international trading of currencies. The foreign exchange market is also known to be the largest in the world with over $5.1 trillion being traded every day. The markets are also open 24 hours a day for 5 days a week and are some of the most active as traders from across the globe exchange currencies.

While most forex is traded by large institutions, banks and corporations, there are a great many retail foreign exchange traders. These are traders that will trade on their own accounts and buy / sell forex in order to target a specific return. This has increased dramatically recently with internet usage and online trading platforms. In the moral context this practice is to be avoided as personal behavior and also considering potential damage to the real economy.

Crystal LED

Crystal LED refers to a manufacturing technology of screens.

This technology makes use of pixels mounted on each segment RGB of the display, such that each pixel is illuminated independently. This differs from the usual liquid crystal display which produces mixed white light by a backlight and then filters out the unwanted colors at each pixel. 

Sony unveiled Crystal LED display technology in the CES 2012.


Bertha

The name Bertha [bur-thuh]is a female Germanic name. It comes from the Old High German word "berhta", which means "the bright one". The name dates back to the 6th century. Bertha is not a popular name for girls (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021), although it is being used for tropical storms on List 6 in the Atlantic naming list.





Greenwood, Nova Scotia

Greenwood is a village in the western part of Kings County in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley.

Greenwood was a small hamlet south of the Dominion Atlantic Railway's Kingston Station. In 1942, the Royal Air Force created the RAF Station Greenwood and built an aerodrome on nearby farmland for a facility to train aircrew under the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan. The Royal Canadian Air Force took over the facility in 1944. It was renamed RCAF Station Greenwood, a name it kept until the February 1, 1968 unification of the Canadian Forces. Then the airfield and related facilities were renamed CFB Greenwood.

During the 1970s–2000s, the village of Greenwood grew in population, as many other air force bases in eastern Canada closed and their aircraft and personnel moved to CFB Greenwood.

Now, the village and base's combined population is about 4,500. The village has many services and is also the location of the Greenwood Mall, the largest shopping centre in the western part of the Annapolis Valley


Havre Boucher

Havre Boucher is a Canadian community in Antigonish County, Nova Scotia.

The village takes its name from "Havre Boucher", a natural harbour that opens onto St. George's Bay to the north. The original community of Havre Boucher is located to the west side of the harbour, although it now includes the communities of Auld's Cove, Cape Jack, East Havre Boucher, West Havre Boucher, Frankville and Linwood.

Havre Boucher is a rural area, largely dependent upon the fishing industry, as well as serving as a service centre for local communities.

The construction of the Canso Causeway, which opened in 1955, saw the Canadian National Railway mainline from Truro-Sydney diverted from Linwood north through Havre Boucher and Cape Jack, before following the Strait of Canso to the causeway. Before 1955, the railway ran from Linwood to Mulgrave where a ferry service operated to Point Tupper. Havre Boucher saw the construction of a large railway yard, which remains in operation today by the Cape Breton and Central Nova Scotia Railway.

Formerly an incorporated village, offering its residents political control through an elected governing body known as a "village commission" which operated under the Nova Scotia Municipal Services Act, its status was dissolved in 2018.


List of communities in Nova Scotia

This is a list of communities in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, as designated by the Union of Nova Scotia Municipalities.

Incorporated municipalities in Nova Scotia are either counties, towns or regional municipalities. There are no incorporated cities in Nova Scotia as of 1996.

Nova Scotia has three regional municipalities.
Nova Scotia has 27 towns.

Nova Scotia has 12 municipal districts.

Nova Scotia has 21 villages.

A

B

C

D

E

F

G

H

I

J

K

L

M

N

O

P

R

S

T

U

V

W

Y

Titan Lake In-situ Sampling Propelled Explorer

Titan Lake In-situ Sampling Propelled Explorer (TALISE) is a proposed space probe. It was presented at the European Planetary Science Congress on September 27, 2012. If this space probe is accepted, it will be sent to Ligeia Mare, a lake on Saturn's biggest moon named Titan. It's purpose is to study the liquid on the moon and take scientific measurements while it sails to the coast.

Keith Aulie

Keith Aulie (born June 11, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL) along with Toronto Maple Leafs, Edmonton Oilers, and Tampa Bay Lightning.

On July 1, 2014, Aulie signed a one-year contract with the Edmonton Oilers.

"Junior and professional statistics source"

"International statistics source"


Natasha

Natasha [ n"uh"-tah-sh"uh" ] is a Russian female name. It is short for "Natalia", which indicates "Natal Day". Natasha is a lovely name that boasts a range of interpretations. It can signify "born on Christmas day" or "birthday." This name is widely used for girls and is particularly prevalent in English-speaking nations. With a rich history, Natasha remains a favored choice for parents of baby girls, owing to its beauty and popularity. Celebrities and famous people include singer Natasha Bedingfield, Natasha Richardson and actress Natasha Lyonne. This name was ranked #905 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Erika

Erika or Erica is a female given name.The pronunciation of this name is [ er-i-k"uh" ]. In Old Norse, it means "ever powerful" or "ruler of people". The name is very popular in Australia, the United States, Canada and Europe. There are many famous people with this name. As "Erika", the name was used for tropical cyclones in the Atlantic basin. The name was retired after Tropical Storm Erika in 2015. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Diana Vickers

Di Vickers (born 30 July 1991) is a British singer-songwriter, actress and fashion designer who first came to public attention as a semi-finalist on the fifth series of British talent show "The X Factor" in 2008.

Alicia

Alicia [ uh-lish-uh, uh-lish-ee-uh, uh-lee-shuh, -shee-uh ]is a female given name. It is related to the name "Alice". The name is very popular in certain countries which speak English.In 2021, the U.S. national ranking for newborn prevalence is 415.Alicia is thought to signify "noble" or "belonging to nobility." Additionally, it is linked with alicium, a Latin word that means "truth."

It was also used for a hurricane in 1983, Hurricane Alicia.


Microtubule

Microtubules are found in biological cells as a part of the cytoskeleton. They are hollow tubes whose walls consist of 13 columns of tubulin molecules. Its main functions are to maintain a cell's shape, cell motility, chromosome movement in cell division, and organelle movement. They look like hollow noodles which transmit signals to our nerves

Water gardens

A water garden is a garden in which the chief thing, interest, and attraction is water and plants that live in water. The water may be put in a fountain, a pond, a waterfall, or other. Water have been built for thousands of years. It was natural that in the hot places of Egypt and Mesopotamia refreshing water gardens should be found. As early as 1225 BC, Ramses III built water lily ponds. 

The Inca of Peru built gold and silver water channels, pools, and basins as early as 2500 BC. Their homes and palaces had water running in channels under the floors to cool the surrounding air. Their courtyards had cooling pools for tired travelers.

The Chinese and Japanese imitated nature in their water gardens. The water garden was a sign of perfection and peace. By the third century AD they had written down the essentials of a water garden. In the 15th century, they turned the water garden into an art form that used the sound and motion of water. A reflecting pool expressed the union of heaven and earth. The Japanese built a dry garden, using small rocks, sand, and other materials to represent the course of a stream or river. Nature was recreated to serve as a source of thinking.

Europeans began using water for playing in the Middle Ages. Springs and wells were made focal points in gardens. Carp pools not only provided food, but a place for thinking and resting in monasteries. In Spain, the starkness of the Alhambra was softened with canals and pools.


The Gondoliers

The Gondoliers; or, The King of Barataria is an operetta in two acts by Gilbert and Sullivan. It is the twelfth of their fourteen operettas. It was first performed at the Savoy Theatre in London on 7 December 1889. It ran for 554 performances. It tells of two gondoliers. One appears to be the heir to the throne of Barataria, but which one? 

After completing "The Yeomen of the Guard", Sullivan wanted to leave light opera for more serious music. Gilbert reminded him that light, humorous operas were the source of their great success. Their manager Richard D'Oyly Carte promised Sullivan the opportunity to write a grand opera on the condition that he continue to write the light operas. Sullivan accepted. The grand opera would be "Ivanhoe".

Gilbert proposed a Venetian setting for the new light opera. Sullivan would have the chance to write bright, colorful music. Sullivan went to Venice to soak up the atmosphere. Once back in England, he received the lyrics to the new opera as Gilbert completed them. Sullivan however puttered at them. He was distracted with plans for the grand opera. He devoted the fall of 1889 however to "The Gondoliers". Sullivan labored at the light opera and completed it by December 2. The curtain went up on "The Gondoliers" on December 7 before a brilliant audience. The press raved.

"The Gondoliers" was an instant hit in London, chalking up 554 performances. It earned more money than any other Savoy opera in its original run. 20,000 copies of the published score were sold on publication, and over 70,000 copies of various arrangements were sold within a few days. 

D'Oyly Carte's "E" Company mounted the first provincial production on 19 February 1890 in Preston, Lancashire. From then on, it was never absent from the touring repertory until it was omitted from the final two seasons (September 1980–February 1982) before the closing of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.



Marco and Giuseppe are two gondoliers. One of them is believed to be the King of Barataria. But which one? It is decided that the two will jointly rule Barataria until the King's identity is brought to light. To complicate the story, a Princess has been promised in marriage to the King of Barataria. In the end, the two gondoliers marry their long time Venetian sweethearts. The Princess discovers her father's drummer boy is the long lost heir to the throne of Barataria. She is thrilled because she has always loved him. Everyone lives happily ever after.





Heavy Rain

Heavy Rain is an interactive action-adventure psychological thriller video game made by Quantic Dream for the PlayStation 3.

There was a patch released for the game which allowed player to use the PlayStation Move controller.

The player controls Ethan Mars, the main protagonist who is trying to find his son after he kidnapped by a serial killer known as the Origami Killer that drowns their victims in rainwater. The player also controls investigative journalist Madison Paige, FBI profiler Norman Jayden, and private detective Scott Shelby. Paige, Jayden and Shelby are all trying to find out the Origami Killer's identity.

CNN and Gaming Union named the game as Game of the Year in 2010. It was also named as the Best PS3 Game of 2010 by both GameSpy and IGN and was included in the book "1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die" in 2011.

The game received a high-definition (HD) remaster, which released on PlayStation 4 in March 2016.

The game was ported to PC's running Microsoft Windows along with two other games made by Quantic Dream in "" and "" on 22 July 2019.


DragonFly BSD

DragonFly BSD is an open source, Unix-like operating system focused on symmetric multiprocessing (SMP). Features introduced in DragonFly BSD include and the filesystem.

Matthew Dillon created DragonFly BSD from FreeBSD 4.8 code in 2003. Matthew Dillon was formerly a part of the FreeBSD community. Dillon disagreed with FreeBSD 5's approach to SMF. Many were disappointed with the performance and stability FreeBSD 5's early releases. Dillion split from the FreeBSD project in order to develop the FreeBSD 4 series in the direction he felt was best.


Body Count (band)

Body Count are an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California.

The band was formed in 1990 by rapper Ice-T and some of his friends. They released their self-titled debut album, "Body Count", on March 31, 1992. The album featured the controversial song "Cop Killer".

Band member Beatmaster V died in died of leukemia in 1996, Mooseman was killed in a drive-by shooting in 2001 and D-Roc the Executioner died in 2004 from lymphoma.

Their debut album featured the controversial song "Cop Killer" which received negative reactions from political figures like then-President George H.W. Bush, then-Vice President Dan Quayle and Tipper Gore, co-founder of Parents Music Resource Center. Ice-T decided to re-release the album with the song "Cop Killer" on it saying "I didn't want my band to get pigeon-holed as that's the only reason that record sold. It just got outta hand and I was just tired of hearing it. I said, 'fuck it,' I mean they're saying we did it for money, and we didn't. I'd gave the record away, ya know, let's move on, let's get back to real issues, not a record but the cops that are out there killing people."





Yellowcard

Yellowcard are an American pop punk band from Jacksonville, Florida. 

The band was formed in 1997 after the members of the band met each other at the Douglas Anderson School of the Arts. They released their debut album, "Midget Tossing", on April 1, 1997. The band's best known song is "Ocean Avenue" which reached #37 on the Billboard Hot 100.





Trapt

Trapt is an American hard rock band from Los Gatos, California.

The band was formed in 1997 when the members met each other in high school in the mid-'90s and shortly thereafter developed an act with vocalist Chris Taylor Brown, guitarist Simon Ormandy, bassist Peter Charell and drummer David Stege.

In 1999, Trapt independently released Amalgamation. In 2000, Trapt also independently released Glimpse EP. Also in 2000, David Stege left the band and was replaced by Robin Diaz. In 2001, Trapt signed with Warner Bros. Records. Also in 2001, Robin Diaz left the band and was replaced by Aaron Montgomery. 

Trapt starting working on their debut album in 2001. Trapt released their self-titled debut album, "Trapt", on November 5, 2002. Their self-titled album featured the band's best known song is "Headstrong" which reached #16 on the Billboard Hot 100.

In early 2004, Trapt started to working on their second studio album to release in fall of that year, but got delayed into early 2005, then delayed once again to fall 2005. Also in 2004, Trapt released a self-titled three track EP. The three tracks were "Made of Class" and "Echo" from the debut album and the previously unreleased, "Promise". 

On September 13, 2005, Trapt released the second studio album, "Someone In Control". It's single, "Stand Up" reached No. 3 on the US Mainstream Rock chart.

Their live album, Trapt Live was released in 2007. In 2008, Simon Ormandy left the band and was replaced by Robb Torres. Trapt's third studio album, "Only Through the Pain" was released on August 5, 2008. 

Trapt's fourth studio album, "No Apologies" was released on October 12, 2010. In 2011, Trapt released a compilation album called "Headstrong". 

In 2012, Aaron Montgomery left the band and was replaced by Dylan Howard. "Reborn" was released on January 22, 2013. 

On February 7, 2014, Trapt re-released "Amalgamation" and "Glimpse EP". On June 15, 2014, they started working on their sixth studio album. "DNA" was released on August 19, 2016.






Sick Puppies

Sick Puppies are an Australian alternative metal band from Sydney. 

The band was formed in 1997 after band members Shimon More and Emma Anzai met in the music room of Mosman High School. They released their debut album, "Welcome to the Real World", on 3 September 2001. 

Their song "You're Going Down" was used as the theme song for the 2009 WWE pay per view Extreme Rules and is also included on the soundtrack to the video game WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2010.





Diana (given name)

Diana is a female given name. It is pronounced [ dahy-an-"uh" ].It has ranked among the top 200 female names in the United States since the 1930s.This name was ranked #225 on the US Popular Names in 2021. Originating from Latin, the moniker Diana is linked to the Roman goddess of the hunt and the moon. Moreover, it is connected to the Latin term "divine," conveying the sense of being "heavenly" or "godly." Famous Dianas include the singer Diana Ross, Princess Diana and a Roman goddess who is named Diana. The name was also used for two hurricanes in the Atlantic in 1984 and 1990. The 1990 storm hit eastern Mexico. It caused more than 100 deaths. The name "Diana" was then retired.


Melinda

Melinda [ m"uh"-lin-d"uh" ] is a girl name derived from Greek word "meli" (that means "honey"). Melinda is a timeless name that has been in existence for centuries. Its history is steeped in richness and meaning. Originating from Greece, the name Melinda signifies "sweetness" or "honey." It is a name that frequently evokes feelings of kindness, empathy, and affection.The name is extremely popular in certain countries. However, in the United States, the name peaked at 72 in popularity, and has been on the gradual decline since the 1970s. The name was first used in the year 1815 by József Katona. Examples of the name for famous persons include Melinda Gates (who is wife for Bill Gates). This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Melinda French Gates

Melinda Ann French Gates (née French; August 15, 1964) is an American business woman who once worked at Microsoft. She was married to Bill Gates. They met while she was working for Microsoft.

She was awarded an honorary damehood by Queen Elizabeth II in 2014 for her services to charity and international development. As an American citizen, she cannot be called "Dame Melinda", but can use the letters "DBE" after her name. Her current occupations are that she is a philanthropist and she is running the "Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation" with her ex-husband. She has three children : Phoebe Adele Gates, Rory John Gates, and Jennifer Katharine Gates. She got awarded for the Gates Foundation in May 2006.

On May 3, 2021, Bill and Melinda Gates announced that they had decided to divorce following 27 years of marriage, and 34 years as a couple. The couple said they will keep working together on charitable efforts.


Bhabanipur Shaktipeeth

Bhabanipur () is a sacred site in Hinduism. It is one of the Shakti Peethas of the Indian subcontinent.

Kimberly

The name Kimberly [ kim-ber-lee ] is mostly a female name, though this name is sometimes used for males. There are multiple spellings of this name, although in the United States "Kimberly" is most prevalent. The name is taken from Kimberley, located in South Africa (which is in turn named for Lord Kimberley, a person in the 19th century). Kimberly is a widely used moniker for female infants that has been in circulation for multiple decades. The name holds a significant past and profound significance. The name Kimberly originated from two Old English words, "cyneburg" and "leah," signifying "royal fortress" and "meadow," correspondingly. It was initially employed in the United States during the 1940s and has been a preferred pick among parents ever since. This name was ranked #220 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


University of Sydney

The University of Sydney is a public university in Sydney, Australia. The main campus is in the suburbs of Camperdown and Darlington. Founded in 1850, it is the oldest university in Australia and Oceania. In 2011, it had 32,393 undergraduate and 16,627 graduate students.

The University of Sydney is organised into sixteen faculties and schools. They offer bachelor's degrees, master's degrees and doctoral degrees. The univsersity often ranks amongst the best universities in Australia and Oceania. In 2012, it was ranked 39th in the world; 3rd in Australia, behind Australian National University (24th) and the University of Melbourne (36th) in the 2012 QS World University Rankings.

The main campus is in the top 10 of the world's most beautiful universities. This is according to the British Daily Telegraph and the American Huffington Post. This ranking is among other campuses, such as Oxford's and Cambridge's.

The campus spreads across the inner-city suburbs of Camperdown and Darlington. First, it was in what is now Sydney Grammar School. Then, in 1855 the government granted land in Grose Farm to the university. This is three kilometres from the city. Now, this land has the main Camperdown campus on it.

The main campus is the home base of the large Sydney Medical School. This school has many affiliated teaching hospitals across the state.

The main campus is the focus of the university's student life. The student-run University of Sydney Union has three buildings. These are the Wentworth, Manning and Holme Buildings. These buildings house a large proportion of the university's catering outlets. These buildings also provide space for recreational rooms, bars and function centres. One of the most significant activities organised by the Union is Welcome Week. This is a three-day festival at the start of the academic year. Welcome Week centres on stalls set up by clubs and societies on the Front Lawns.

The main campus is also home to a variety of statues, artworks, and monuments. These include the Gilgamesh Statue and the Confucius Statue.

The NSW state government has reduced transport links to the campus. It also reduced transport links to the closest Redfern railway station. But, there is still access to buses on the neighbouring Parramatta Road and City Road. This is to prioritise the growth of other Sydney universities.

In 1854, the architect Edmund Blacket designed the first buildings. Then, in 1858, people finished building the Great Hall. In 1859, people finished building the Main Building. Finally, in 1862, people completed the Quadrangle and Great Tower buildings.

In the mid-20th century, the university expanded in enrollment. This led the university to buy more land.

The 2002 conservation plan of the university stated many campus features are significant. This includes Victoria Park.

Since 2007, the university has used space in the former Eveleigh railway yards. They are to the south of Darlington. It has used this space for examination purposes.

In 2015, The NSW Department of Planning and Environment endorsed a plan. This was the University of Sydney's $1.4 billion Campus Improvement Plan. It involved many new important structures and renovations.

In 2018, the government agreed to put sites on the state heritage register. These include the University of Sydney and some surrounding areas. This created a conservation area. This area contains the Camperdown campus and the nearby Victoria Park.

The beginning of 2021 saw the closure of the Cumberland campus. Then, some health disciplines returned to the Camperdown campus. They did this in the state-of-the-art, purpose-built Susan Wakil Health Building.


Canary Current

The Canary Current is a wind-driven surface current that is part of the North Atlantic Gyre. This eastern boundary current branches south from the North Atlantic Current and flows southwest about as far as Senegal where it turns west and later joins the Atlantic North Equatorial Current. The current is named after the Canary Islands. The archipelago (group of islands) partially blocks the flow of the Canary Current (Gyory, 2007).
This wide and slow-moving current is thought to have been exploited in the early Phoenician navigation and settlement along the coast of western Morocco. The ancient Phoenicians not only exploited numerous fisheries within this current zone, but also established a factory at Iles Purpuraires off present day Essaouira for extracting a Tyrian purple dye from a marine gastropod murex species (Hogan, 2007).

Sarah (given name)

Sarah [ sair-"uh" ] is a female given name. It comes from the Hebrew language. It is a common name. It refers to Sarah, the wife of Abraham in Hebrew Bible. In Hebrew, Sarah means "the woman of high rank". This name is used a lot in the United States, Europe and Canada. In the United States, the name ranked near 30 in 2010. Its alternate spelling "Sara" ranked near 121. This name was ranked #92 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


Hall of Mirrors (Versailles)

The Hall of Mirrors () is a gallery in the Palace of Versailles, France. It was constructed on what was once a terrace designed by Le Vau. Mansart and Le Brun designed and built the Hall between 1678 and 1684. The Hall is decorated with marble. The "French order" capitals depict a cock, Apollo, and fleur-de-lys. The walls and cornices are decorated with gilded bronze trophies by Coysevox, Tubi, Le Gros, Clérion, and Flamen. The niches contain depictions of Bacchus, Urania, Modesty, Venus in Modesty and antiques from the collections of King Louis XIV.

The ceiling depicts the War with Holland (1672-1678). The medallions and trompe l'œil paintings depict the War of Devolution (1667-1668). They also depict the administrative reforms in the early years of Louis XIV's reign. Two of the four alabaster tables are from the collections of the duc d'Antin. The vases and busts are from the Royal collections. The 1770 chandeliers and candelabra were reconstructed in 1980 after the originals and documents in the archives.

During the 17th century, the Hall of Mirrors was used by Louis XIV when he walked from his private apartment to the chapel. At this time, courtiers assembled to watch the king and members of the royal family pass. In 1745 the Hall was the scene of "The Yew Tree Ball". It was at this event that Louis XV met Madame de Pompadour. In the 19th century, the Prussian king, William I, was declared German emperor on 18 January 1871 in the Hall of Mirrors by Bismarck and the victorious German princes and lords. French Prime Minister Clemenceau chose the Hall of Mirrors to sign the Treaty of Versailles that ended World War I on 28 June 1919. The Hall of Mirrors still serves for state occasions such as receptions for visiting heads of state.

Campbell's dwarf hamster

Campbell's dwarf hamster ("Phodopus campbelli") is a species of hamster. It is native to central Asia. The species was named after a man called W. C. Campbell, who collected the first one in Mongolia on 1 July 1902. 

They typically eat corn, oats, peanuts, vegetables and a wide variety of seeds. They also eat insects, arthropods mollusks, leaves, wood, bark, seeds, stems, flowers, fruits, and grains.

The Campbell's dwarf hamster has predators like foxes, owls, eagles, kestrels, and falcons.

Campbell's dwarf hamsters live about 2.5 years to 3 years. They live in burrows and use grass, feathers, and wool, to create it. Seeds and food are extremely close inside because they don’t want other animals to find their food source so that they can have enough food when it is time for winter.

The Campbells Russian hamster is a grayish color with a cream white belly and a dark stripe running down its back. There are 3 types of colors that have been identified. The collared, mottled, and the spot. They each vary and can be very different from another.


GNU Hurd

GNU Hurd is a multiserver kernel with the goal of providing users with as much freedom to do as they wish with the GNU operating system as possible. It was initially intended to provide a free alternative to Unix (GNU stands for "GNU's Not Unix"). The Hurd was the intended implementation of the GNU operating system before Linux became the kernel of choice for GNU users. The current goal of the Hurd project is:

[T]o create a general-purpose kernel suitable for the GNU operating system, which is viable for everyday use, and gives users and programs as much control over their computing environment as possible.

The Hurd kernel consists of a microkernel that provides basic kernel services and a collection (or "herd") of servers / daemons that provided services that are beyond basic. This design was meant to provide developers with freedom that Unix and other Unix-like operating systems did not. For example, this design allows developers to program servers in languages other than the one used by the kernel. GNU Mach currently is the microkernel being used in the Hurd.

Richard Stallman created the GNU project in 1983 and founded the Free Software Foundation (FSF) in 1985 in order to fund and promote the development of free software and GNU. By the early 1990's, the GNU toolchain and other components besides the kernel were completed. Work began the Hurd in 1990. Stallman decided to use Carnegie Mellon University's Mach microkernel as the basis for the Hurd microkernel.

In 1991, Linus Torvalds released the Linux kernel, and free software enthusiasts ported GNU's completed components to the Linux kernel in order to create GNU/Linux. NetBSD and FreeBSD were released a couple of years later, yet the Hurd was not in a functional state. Due to the presence of functioning alternatives, interest in the Hurd waned. As the FSF moved away from GNU development and more towards free software activism, Debian became more involved in the Hurd's development.



Frederick

Frederick (also spelled Frederic) is a masculine given name that means "peaceful ruler". The name is the English form of the German name "Friedrich". The pronunciation of the name is [ fred-rik, -er-ik ]. This name ranked among the top 100 masculine names for the United States between 1880 and 1957. After that, the name became less popular. The name was number 536 in popularity in the United States in the late 2000s. At the same time it was number 99 in England. As "Frederic", the name was used on a hurricane that struck the Gulf Coast of the United States in September 1979.This name was ranked #476 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Madame de Pompadour

Jeanne Antoinette Poisson was better known as Madame de Pompadour. The Marquise of Pompadour (29 December 1721 – 15 April 1764) was courtier and the official chief mistress of Louis XV from 1745 until her death. She was born in Paris, Kingdom of France, and died there from tuberculosis at 42. She was presented to the royal court by a cousin of the King, the Princess of Conti. 

Emina Jahović

Emina Jahović Sandal (born 15 January 1982) is a well-known Serbian-Turkish singer-songwriter, model, and actress.

She is of Bosniak origin and is married to Mustafa Sandal, the leading Turkish pop star.

Emina grew up in a Bosnian Muslim family in Novi Pazar, Serbia. Her brother is Mirsad Türkcan, the first Turkish basketball player to play in the NBA. She majored in Management at Braća Karić University in Belgrade.

She is 5'10" (178 cm) tall and is an official face of the Macedonian fashion label "Kara". She is quite popular across the entire area of former Yugoslavia and all around Eastern Europe. Emina is also known in Iran for her role in "Omre Gole Laleh" and is widely-recognized amongst the diaspora communities of the Former Yugoslavia in the United States.

Her sister-in-law is Dina Džanković, the last beauty queen to have the title of Miss Serbia and Montenegro.

She has two sons, Yaman (b. 2008) and Yavuz (2012).

In 2000, she won the youth festival Zlatna staza with the song "Samo ti, moja muziko". Her debut album "Tačka" was released in 2001 by Dino Merlin, the world-wide known artist.

In 2002, she participated in BH Eurosong with the song "U, la-la" and received an award at the Radio Festival in Sarajevo.

In 2003, she participated in the Sunčane Skale festival and won the third place with her song "Uzalud se budim". That made her one of the most popular artists in the former Yugoslav republics.

In 2005, she released her second album called "Radije ranije" through "City Records". In the 2005 Budvanski Festival she won the award for the best songwriter.

In 2008, Emina released her maxi single in English called "Exhale" in NYC. This album is produced by Bojan Dugić, the GRAMMY Awards voting member. Emina's 2008 video clip of "Još ti se nadam" is one of the most expensive music videos in Serbian music history.

In 2009, Emina Jahović's third studio album entitled "Vila" was released through PGP RTS.

In 2010, she was nominated to represent Serbia at the 2010 Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Ti kvariigro" that is composed by Goran Bregović for her.

She also performed in the 2013 Dosso Dossi Fashion Show on January 9, 2013 while Adriana Lima was on the runway.

Emina Jahović Sandal is known for resemblance to the Spanish actress Penélope Cruz.




The Fleece Inn

The Fleece Inn is a public house located in Bretforton, Worcestershire in the Vale of Evesham. The building is a half-timbered one. It is over six hundred years old. It has been a pub since 1848. It is now owned by the National Trust. The Fleece Inn is distinguished by its homely character. Pewter mugs, brass and copper utensils, pottery and china, oak settles and benches, a spinning wheel, all contribute to the homely atmosphere. The inn was damaged by fire on 27 February 2004. Repairs and rebuilding began on 1 November 2004. The Fleece officially reopened on 18 June 2005 with a new roof and other upgrades.


Tamil nationalism

Tamil nationalists in both Sri Lanka and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu attempted to create an independent state (Tamil Eelam) amid the increasing political and physical violence against ordinary Tamils by the Sri Lankan government since the pogroms of 1983, known as Black July. After the island's independence from Britain, the Sri Lankan government passed the Citizenship Act of 1948, which made more than a million Tamils of Indian origin stateless.

Ski resort

A ski resort is a place where people go skiing or to do other winter sports. Usually, these places are towns or villages in the mountains. This is because a lot of snow is needed for these sports. Ski lifts and slopes down the mountain are also needed. The lifts are usually cable cars, gondola lifts and chairlifts. Ski resorts also have hotels and restaurants for tourists. 

There are many ski resorts around the world. The Alps in Europe have a lot, and so do the United States and Canada. There are very few in Africa because it does not snow a lot there.

Charlecote Park

Charlecote Park is a house and park owned by the National Trust. It is located 4 miles east of Stratford-upon-Avon, and 6 miles south of Warwick on the B4086 Stratford/Banbury road. The house and park were owned by the Lucy family from the 13th century to 1945, when they were presented to the National Trust.

Sir Thomas Lucy tore down an earlier structure to make way for the present house in 1558. He was a man of wealth. He entertained Queen Elizabeth I at breakfast in 1572 as she made her way to Kenilworth. Lucy is better known for having fined the young William Shakespeare over a poaching incident in 1583. This incident prompted Shakespeare to flee Warwickshire for London.

Charlecote was inherited in the direct male line until George Lucy died in 1786. This man improved the house. He hired Capability Brown to improve the park about 1769. In the early years of the 19th century, another George Lucy continued improvements, leaving little unchanged except for the gatehouse.

Elimination reaction

In organic chemistry, an elimination reaction is when some atoms or group of atoms are taken away from a bigger molecule. Usually, a double or a triple bond are made by this reaction.

There are two main ways to do an elimination reaction. The first is called E1. It happens in two steps. If there is a good leaving group in the molecule, it can leave on its own. Then, a base or another substance can take away the other group. The second way is called E2. This happens only in one step. In this case, the base takes away one group while at the same time the leaving group goes away.

A common elimination reaction happens with alcohols. If there is strong acid around, a molecule of water can be eliminated to form the double bond.

Reaction mechanism

A reaction mechanism is writing step by step how a chemical reaction works. Usually, only the overall change can be seen in a reaction. The things made in between react too quickly to be seen. These are called intermediates, and in going from one intermediate to another a transition state is crossed. However, it is important to understand all the steps that make the total change. This is because then one can understand more difficult reactions or try to make a reaction work in a certain way.

There are many type of reaction mechanisms. In organic chemistry, the more common ones are nucleophilic substitution, elimination and addition. People sometimes use arrow pushing to draw how electrons move around during a reaction. This makes it easy to see which bonds are formed and which are broken during the process.

Deborah

Deborah (also spelled Debra) is a female name. It is pronounced [ deb-er-"uh", deb-r"uh" ]. It is used a lot in some countries. This name was ranked #909 on the US Popular Names in 2021. The name comes from a Hebrew word for "the bee". This name was used by a prophet woman inside the Old Testament Book of Judges. In the United States, "Deborah" itself was most popular for females born between 1950 and 1970. It ranked number 25 for 1990, although it is now less popular. Its variant forms "Debra", "Debby" and "Debbie" have been used for Atlantic tropical cyclones. Famous people with the name include Debbie Allen and Debbie Gibson.


List of national flowers

A floral emblem is a flower or plant that is chosen by a country as a symbol or emblem for that country.

Pauline Phillips

Pauline Esther Friedman Phillips (writing as Abigail Van Buren) (July 4, 1918 – January 16, 2013) was an American advice columnist and radio show host who was known for her radio show "Dear Abby" during the 1950s.

Phillips was born on July 4, 1918 in Sioux City, Iowa. Her parents were Jewish-Russian immigrants. She studied at Morningside College. Her twin sister, Esther "Eppie" Pauline Friedman Lederer, was also a well-known advice columnist. She used the name Ann Landers.

Phillips was married to Morton Phillips from 1939 until her death in 2013. They had two children. She had Alzheimer's disease since 2002. Phillips died on January 16, 2013 in Minneapolis, Minnesota from the disease, aged 94.


Fountain of Apollo

The Fountain of Apollo () is a fountain at the Palace of Versailles. It depicts the Greek sun god Apollo rising from the sea at daybreak in his four-horse chariot. He is accompanied by Tritons. In 1639, Louis XIII had a pond dug on the site of the fountain called the Pond of the Swans. In 1671, Louis XIV enlarged the pond. Le Brun suggested it be dedicated to Apollo based on its east-west orientation. The parallels drawn between Louis and the sun god also entered into the decision. Le Brun's Apollo is seen sitting in his four-horse chariot. He rises from the grotto of Thetys where he has spent the night. This theme was popular in the arts at the time. The gilded statue was made by Tuby of Rome. It was installed in 1671. Beyond the fountain lies the Grand Canal. The Fountain of Apollo incorrectly depicts Apollo rising in the west rather than the east.

In 2014, a same-scale replica was unveiled in Tainan, Taiwan, at the entrance of the Chimei Museum. The museum commissioned French artist Gills Perrault in 2008 to reproduce the Fountain of Apollo, same as the one in Palace of Versailles. It took three years for modern laser measuring and the mold to be made in France for the reproduction sculpture, and another three years to carve the marble in Italy. This Fountain of Apollo in Chimei Museum, however, correctly depicts Apollo rising from the east. 



Frank Gehry

Frank Owen Gehry (born Frank Owen Goldberg; February 28, 1929) is a Canadian-American architect who won the Pritzker Prize in 1989. He is known for his buildings such as 8 Spruce Street, Dancing House, Port Olímpic, Jay Pritzker Pavilion, Guggenheim Museum Bilbao and the Walt Disney Concert Hall. He built buildings across the United States and across South America.

Gehry was born on February 28, 1929 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada to Polish-Jewish parents. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. He stuided at Los Angeles City College and at the University of Southern California. Gehry now lives in Santa Monica, California.

In 1989, Gehry won the Pritzker Prize.


Queen's apartment at Versailles

The Queen's apartment at Versailles () consists of several rooms: The Queen's Bedchamber; The Queen's Private Cabinets; The Room of the Queen's Gentlemen; The Queen's Antechamber; The Room of the Queen's Guard. The apartment overlooks the Parterre du Midi, and parallels the King's Apartment. When the King's Apartment was abandoned at the end of Louis XIV's reign, the Queens continued to occupy the Queen's Apartment.




The royal couple ate in "The Queen's Antechamber". This was a public event. Louis XVI and Antoinette sat with their backs to the fireplace. Only the royal family could sit at the table. The duchesses, princesses, and others of great rank were allowed to sit on stools facing the royals. Others of high rank stood.

Louis XIV enjoyed the dinner ritual. Louis XV preferred more private suppers. Louis XVI ate well. Antoinette was bored. A witness reports that: "The Queen sat on the King’s left. They had their backs turned to the fireplace [...] The King ate with a good appetite, but the Queen did not remove her gloves and did not use her serviette (napkin), which was very wrong of her". To ease her boredom, the Queen asked for music at every meal. She had a platform set up for this purpose.

This room was once The Room of the Queen's Guard. In the 1680s, the room was sometimes used as a theatre. Royal virtues are illustrated in the ceiling paintings of ancient heroines by Vignon and Paillet. Portraits of Louis XVI's aunts by Madame Labille-Guiard are part of the decor. Above the doors are works by Madeline de Boulogne dated 1675.


Madame du Barry's apartment

Madame du Barry's apartment at Versailles was the apartment that belonged to Madame du Barry. It was here that King Louis XV had suppers with Du Barry, warming the coffee himself at the stove. The library sofa was designed by Delafosse. The parrot cage is embellished with porcelain flowers and is indicative of Du Barry's taste. The apartment and bedchamber are on the site of the small gallery. This gallery was decorated with "exotic hunting scenes" by Boucher, Lancret, and others. They are at this time in the Amiens museum. 


SunRice

Ricegrowers Limited is trading as SunRice. It is one of the largest rice food companies in the world and one of Australia's leading branded food exporters. In the 2023 Financial Year, the company recorded revenue of A$1.6 billion and Net Profit After Tax of A$54.8 million.

The SunRice Group comprises multiple businesses, assets and operations across Australia, New Zealand, the Middle East, the United States, the Pacific Islands and Asia. It has around 35 major brands in approximately 50 global markets and employs over 2,000 people.

Australian rice production is based in regional southern New South Wales. The company's head office is located in Leeton (with a corporate office also in Sydney), and it has rice mills in Leeton, Deniliquin, and Coleambally. SunRice also operates stockfeed plants in Leeton, Tongala and Cobden.

SunRice's main office is in Leeton. 


Bois-d'Arcy, Yonne

Bois-d'Arcy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Les Bordes, Yonne

Les Bordes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Branches, Yonne

Branches is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Brannay

Brannay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Brienon-sur-Armançon

Brienon-sur-Armançon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Brion, Yonne

Brion is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Brosses

Brosses is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bussières, Yonne

Bussières is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bussy-en-Othe

Bussy-en-Othe is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Bussy-le-Repos, Yonne

Bussy-le-Repos is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Butteaux

Butteaux is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Carisey

Carisey is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


La Celle-Saint-Cyr

La Celle-Saint-Cyr is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Censy

Censy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cérilly, Yonne

Cérilly is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cerisiers

Cerisiers is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cézy

Cézy is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chablis

Chablis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chailley

Chailley is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chambeugle

Chambeugle is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Chamoux, Yonne

Chamoux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champcevrais

Champcevrais is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champignelles

Champignelles is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champigny, Yonne

Champigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champlay

Champlay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champlost

Champlost is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champs-sur-Yonne

Champs-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Champvallon

Champvallon is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Montholon.

Chamvres

Chamvres is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


La Chapelle-sur-Oreuse

La Chapelle-sur-Oreuse is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


La Chapelle-Vaupelteigne

La Chapelle-Vaupelteigne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Charbuy

Charbuy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Charentenay

Charentenay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Charmoy, Yonne

Charmoy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Yrouerre

Yrouerre is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Charny, Yonne

Charny is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Voutenay-sur-Cure

Voutenay-sur-Cure is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Volgré

Volgré is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Montholon.

Voisines, Yonne

Voisines is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chassignelles

Chassignelles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chassy, Yonne

Chassy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chastellux-sur-Cure

Chastellux-sur-Cure is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Châtel-Censoir

Châtel-Censoir is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Châtel-Gérard

Châtel-Gérard is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chaumont, Yonne

Chaumont is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chaumot, Yonne

Chaumot is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Chemilly-sur-Serein

Chemilly-sur-Serein is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. 

Historic monuments : "Eglise de la décollation de saint jean baptiste, Cassemouche watermill."


Chemilly-sur-Yonne

Chemilly-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chêne-Arnoult

Chêne-Arnoult is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Cheney, Yonne

Cheney is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cheny

Cheny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chéroy

Chéroy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chéu

Chéu is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chevannes, Yonne

Chevannes is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the middle of France.



Chevillon, Yonne

Chevillon is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Pisy

Pisy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Poilly-sur-Serein

Poilly-sur-Serein is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Poilly-sur-Tholon

Poilly-sur-Tholon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pontaubert

Pontaubert is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chichée

Chichée is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Viviers, Yonne

Viviers is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vireaux

Vireaux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vinneuf

Vinneuf is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vincelottes

Vincelottes is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chichery

Chichery is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Chigy

Chigy is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Les Vallées-de-la-Vanne.


Chitry

Chitry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cisery

Cisery is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Guillon-Terre-Plaine.


Les Clérimois

Les Clérimois is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Collan

Collan is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Collemiers

Collemiers is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Compigny

Compigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cornant

Cornant is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Coulangeron

Coulangeron is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. 


Coulanges-la-Vineuse

Coulanges-la-Vineuse is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Coulanges-sur-Yonne

Coulanges-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Coulours

Coulours is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Courgenay, Yonne

Courgenay is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Courgis

Courgis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Courlon-sur-Yonne

Courlon-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Courson-les-Carrières

Courson-les-Carrières is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Courtoin

Courtoin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Courtois-sur-Yonne

Courtois-sur-Yonne is a commune in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Coutarnoux

Coutarnoux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Crain, Yonne

Crain is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cravant, Yonne

Cravant is a former commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Deux Rivières.

Cruzy-le-Châtel

Cruzy-le-Châtel is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.



Cry, Yonne

Cry is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cudot

Cudot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cussy-les-Forges

Cussy-les-Forges is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Cuy, Yonne

Cuy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Dannemoine

Dannemoine is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Dicy

Dicy is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Diges

Diges is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Dissangis

Dissangis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Dixmont, Yonne

Dixmont is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


NASCAR Hall of Fame

The NASCAR Hall of Fame showcases drivers who have given large contributions to the sport of NASCAR. It also shows people who have been great grew chiefs, car owners, and others who have made big positive changes to NASCAR. Construction on the Hall of Fame began on January 26, 2007, and it officially opened on May 11, 2010. The City of Charlotte built and owns the NASCAR Hall of Fame. The Hall is run by the Charlotte Regional Visitors Authority. Winston Kelley is the NASCAR Hall of Fame Executive Director. The first class of people who were inducted in the hall of fame were inducted the day after the 2010 NASCAR Sprint All-Star Race. Richard Petty and Dale Inman helped unviel the first display at the Hall of Fame, which was the Plymouth Belvedere that Petty drove to 27 race wins in 1967.

To be inducted into the Hall of Fame, somebody who used to drive in NASCAR had to have driven for at least 10 years. This person must also have been retired for at least three years.
People who did not drive in NASCAR, but were part of the sport in an important way must have also been active for at least ten years. Under special circumstances, somebody may be inducted into the Hall of Fame even if they were not active for 10 years.

A group of 21 people on a nominating committee chooses nominees from those we meet the requirements to be in the Hall of Fame. This group is made up of:

After a list of candidates is chosen, a total of 48 votes are cast by another group of people on a voting committee. The voting committee is made up of the nominating committee and the following:

On October 14, 2009, the NASCAR Hall of Fame panel met at the Charlotte Convention Center in Charlotte, North Carolina, to choose the first group of people to go into the Hall of Fame. Five people were selected. These people were:

The class was inducted on May 23, 2010.

The members of the Class of 2011 are:

The Class of 2011 was announced on October 13, 2010, and was inducted on May 23, 2011.

The members of the Class of 2012 are:

The Class of 2012 was announced on June 14, 2011, and was inducted on January 20, 2012.

The members of the Class of 2013 are:

The Class of 2013 was announced on May 23, 2012 and was inducted on February 8, 2013.

The ticket prices are Adult $19.95, Senior (60+) $17.95, Military $17.95, and Children (5-12) $12.95. Open daily 10 a.m. - 6 p.m. (closed only Easter, Thanksgiving and Christmas)


Ruddigore

Ruddigore; or, The Witch's Curse is a two-act operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan. It was premiered by the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company on 22 January 1887 at the Savoy Theatre in London, England. It ran for 288 performances over 8 months. It is the tenth of the fourteen operettas written by Gilbert and Sullivan. 


The baronets of Ruddigore are compelled to commit a crime every day under a witch's curse. Robin Oakapple is a baronet of Ruddigore who has fled the curse. He and his love, Rose Maybud, are about to marry when Robin's identity is exposed. 

In Ruddigore Castle, Robin cannot commit himself to a life of crime. The portraits of his ancestors come to life to punish him. He outwits them and frees himself from the curse for all time. He is reunited with Rose.





Mia (given name)

The name Mia is a female name taken from the Slavic terminology "mila" (which represents "darling"). The moniker "Mia" comes from the Italian language and has its roots in the term "mio," which translates to "mine" or "my." It's common in Italian culture to use "Mia" as a pet name, akin to the English terms "honey" or "sweetheart." This usage imbues the name with a sense of warmth and affection, making it an ideal option for parents seeking a name that expresses love and tenderness towards their child. The name is strongly prevalent throughout Europe, the United States, England and Germany; in central Europe, "Mia" is a pet name version for "Maria", "Amelia" and "Emilia". This name was ranked #8 on the US Popular Names in 2021. There are many celebrities with the name, including Mia Hamm, Mia Rose and Mia Farrow.


La Ferté-Hauterive

La Ferté-Hauterive is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Fleuriel

Fleuriel is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Fourilles

Fourilles is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Franchesse

Franchesse is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Gannat

Gannat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.

The D116 road passes through Gannat.




Gannay-sur-Loire

Gannay-sur-Loire is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Garnat-sur-Engièvre

Garnat-sur-Engièvre is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Gennetines

Gennetines is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Gipcy

Gipcy is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Givarlais

Givarlais is a former commune in the Allier department in central France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Haut-Bocage.


Gouise

Gouise is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


La Guillermie

La Guillermie is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Hauterive, Allier

Hauterive is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Dollot

Dollot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Domats

Domats is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Domecy-sur-Cure

Domecy-sur-Cure is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Domecy-sur-le-Vault

Domecy-sur-le-Vault is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Dracy

Dracy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Druyes-les-Belles-Fontaines

Druyes-les-Belles-Fontaines is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Dyé

Dyé is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Égleny

Égleny is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Égriselles-le-Bocage

Égriselles-le-Bocage is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Épineau-les-Voves

Épineau-les-Voves is a commune that is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Épineuil

Épineuil is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Escamps, Yonne

Escamps is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Escolives-Sainte-Camille

Escolives-Sainte-Camille is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Esnon

Esnon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Étais-la-Sauvin

Étais-la-Sauvin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Étaule

Étaule is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Étigny

Étigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Étivey

Étivey is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Évry, Yonne

Évry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the centre of France.


La Ferté-Loupière

La Ferté-Loupière is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Festigny, Yonne

Festigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Flacy

Flacy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fleury-la-Vallée

Fleury-la-Vallée is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.

Fleys

Fleys is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Flogny-la-Chapelle

Flogny-la-Chapelle is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Foissy-lès-Vézelay

Foissy-lès-Vézelay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Foissy-sur-Vanne

Foissy-sur-Vanne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fontaine-la-Gaillarde

Fontaine-la-Gaillarde is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fontaines, Yonne

Fontaines is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fontenailles, Yonne

Fontenailles is a former commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Les Hauts de Forterre.


Fontenay-près-Chablis

Fontenay-près-Chablis is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fontenay-près-Vézelay

Fontenay-près-Vézelay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fontenay-sous-Fouronnes

Fontenay-sous-Fouronnes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fontenouilles

Fontenouilles is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Fontenoy, Yonne

Fontenoy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fouchères, Yonne

Fouchères is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fournaudin

Fournaudin is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fouronnes

Fouronnes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fresnes, Yonne

Fresnes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Fulvy

Fulvy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pimelles

Pimelles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Piffonds

Piffonds is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pierre-Perthuis

Pierre-Perthuis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Perrigny-sur-Armançon

Perrigny-sur-Armançon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pontigny

Pontigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pont-sur-Vanne

Pont-sur-Vanne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pont-sur-Yonne

Pont-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


La Postolle

La Postolle is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pourrain

Pourrain is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Précy-le-Sec

Précy-le-Sec is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vincelles, Yonne

Vincelles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villy, Yonne

Villy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villon, Yonne

Villon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. 

Villiers-Vineux

Villiers-Vineux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Germigny, Yonne

Germigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Gigny, Yonne

Gigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Girolles, Yonne

Girolles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Gisy-les-Nobles

Gisy-les-Nobles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Givry, Yonne

Givry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villiers-sur-Tholon

Villiers-sur-Tholon is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Montholon.

Jeshorehwari Kali Temple

Jeshoreshwari Kali Temple () is a famous Hindu temple in Bangladesh, dedicated to the goddess Kali.

Shri Shail

Shri Shail () is a Hindu temple in Bangladesh. It is dedicated to Shakti. It is in Joinpur village, Dakshin Surma, near Gotatikar, 3 km north-east of Sylhet town.

Sugandha Shaktipeeth

Sugandha Shaktipeeth (), is a Hindu temple of the Goddess Sunanda, in Bangladesh. It is in the village of Shikarpur, 10 miles north of Barisal.

Karen

Karen is a female given name, and a Danish short version of "Katherine". The pronunciation of the name is [ k"uh"-ren ]. The name Karen is of Danish origin, and it means "pure" or "chaste." It ranked in the top 10 during 1950s and 1960s, peaking at the #3 in 1965. There are multiple celebrities with the name. In addition, the name is currently being used for Atlantic tropical cyclones.
'Karren' is also a surname. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). Karen has also became a derogatory term for middle-aged white women.


Pattan

Pattan () is a unit and a subdistrict of Baramulla District in Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Ganderbal

Ganderbal () is unit and a sub-district of Ganderbal District, Jammu and Kashmir State of India. It used to be part of Srinagar District.

Kangan

Kangan () is town and a sub-district of Ganderbal District, Jammu and Kashmir, India. It used to be part of Srinagar District.

Electoral college

An electoral college is a group of people who are chosen to elect a candidate to a particular office (job). The electors usually have one vote each. Often each elector represents a particular organization or entity. Many times, though, the electors are simply important people whose wisdom would ideally make a better choice than a larger group of people. The electoral college can ignore the wishes of a general membership.

A similar concept existed in the former Holy Roman Empire, in which the Holy Roman Emperor was elected by the rulers of various provinces of the Empire, or their representatives. These rulers were referred to as Electors. For instance, King George III of Great Britain was also Duke and prince-elector of Brunswick-Lüneburg ("Hanover") and later became King of Hanover, though he never visited Hanover. 


Katherine

Katherine is a female name that is very popular in multiple countries, and especially so in Christian countries. It is of Greek origin and means "pure" or "clear." The pronunciation of the name is [ kath-er-in, kath-rin ]. The name and its related variants have ranked on the 100 most popular girls names in the United States since around 1880. There are many celebrities with the name itself and its variants. Its variants "Kate", "Katrina" and "Karen" have been used on Atlantic tropical cyclones. This name was ranked #158 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Khagrachari District

Khagrachari () is a district in southeastern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Chittagong Division and the Chittagong Hill Tracts. it has many tourist area, Such as sajek velly, Richang Jhorna, Alu Tila etc.

Cox's Bazar District

Cox's Bazar () is a district in the Chittagong Division of Bangladesh.

Hugo (name)

The name Hugo [ hyoo-goh ] is a male given name of Germanic origin "Hugo", which means "bright in mind and spirit". Hugo is a moniker with a lengthy existence, boasting a complex background and significance. Its roots can be traced back to the Germanic language, where it translates to "mind" or "intellect." The term itself originates from the Old High German word "hug," signifying "thought" or "mind." The name Hugo has seen usage in various societies and tongues, earning a widespread appeal throughout the course of history. The English spelling for "Hugo" is "Hugh". The name can also be used for surnames. The popularity of "Hugo" is very high in Europe. A devastating hurricane with the name struck the Caribbean Islands and South Carolina in September 1989.


Gazipur District

Gazipur () is a district of central Bangladesh. It is part of the Dhaka Division.

Manikganj District

Manikganj () is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Narsingdi District

Narsingdi (, ) is a district in central Bangladesh. It is 50 km north-east of Dhaka, the capital city of Bangladesh. It is part of the Dhaka Division.

Munshiganj District

Munshiganj () is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Antica

The Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Antica (GNAA), or National Gallery of Ancient Art, is an art gallery in Rome, Italy, located on two sites: the Palazzo Barberini and the Palazzo Corsini. The Palazzo Barberini was designed for Pope Urban VIII, a member of the Barberini family, by Italian architect Carlo Maderno (1556–1629) on the old location of Villa Sforza. Its central salon ceiling was decorated by Pietro da Cortona with the visual panegyric of the Allegory of Divine Providence and Barberini Power to glorify the papal Barberini family. The Palazzo Corsini, formerly known as Palazzo Riario, is a 15th century palace that was rebuilt in the 18th century by architect Ferdinando Fuga for Cardinal Neri Maria Corsini. For a partial list of artworks, see Palazzo Corsini entry.

The gallery's collection includes works by Gian Lorenzo Bernini, Caravaggio, Giovanni Baglione, Hans Holbein, Perugino, Nicolas Poussin, Giulio Romano, Raphael, Carlo Saraceni Tiepolo, Tintoretto and Tiziano.


Guilford Native American Association

The Guilford Native American Association is a Native American community association in Guilford County, North Carolina. It is a North Carolina "State-recognized American Indian Organization", 
and is a United Way referral agency.

Started in September 1975 by local parents as a non-profit education advocacy group, the association has grown to include child care, employment, and age-based community programs. It is the oldest American Indian urban association in North Carolina and one of the oldest organizations of its kind in the United States.

Its stated main goal is to "assist Indian people in achieving social and economic self-sufficiency". It serves over 5,000 Native Americans in Guilford and the surrounding counties. One of its major events since 1976 is an annual pow-wow and cultural festival.The association also operates the Guilford Native American Art Gallery in Greensboro, North Carolina.


Prudery

Prudery is being very modest, especially about sex. A person with such an attitude is a prude. Synonyms and hyponyms for this term include celibacist, anti-sexualist, erotophobe, anti-sexualist and genophobe.

Adaptive replacement cache

Adaptive replacement cache (often abbreviates "ARC") is a page replacement algorithm which was developed by IBM. It has a better performance than the frequently used LRU cache algorithm.

Golden triangle (universities)

The Golden Triangle is an unofficial name for a set of leading universities in the southern English cities of Oxford, Cambridge and London.

The University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge ('Oxbridge') form two corners of the triangle. The third is London: Imperial College, University College London, King's College London and the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE). The last three are independent colleges of the University of London. The universities within the triangle (with the exception of the LSE) attract the highest research incomes of all British universities.

However, it has been argued that it should be replaced by a term like "Brilliant Diamond", to include the University of Manchester. The figures below suggest that both the universities of Manchester and Edinburgh belong in the same class, and might better reflect the geographical spectrum of the UK higher education.

Oxford, Cambridge and some of the London institutions collaborate in research. The Global Medical Excellence Cluster (GMEC) for biomedical research was formed by Oxford, Cambridge, Imperial College, University College London, King's College London and Queen Mary University of London.

Anna

The name Anna [ah-nuh] is a female given name with multiple variants. In Hebrew, it means "favor" or "grace". The variant "Anne" was originally French, although it has been in use in English for hundreds of years. The variant spelling "Ann" was originally English. There are countless famous people, queens and saints under this name and its variants(The year when the name Anna was most popular is 1904. In that year, the number of births is 5330, which represents 1.823 percent of total female births in 1904). This name was ranked #84 on the US Popular Female Names in 2021. 

The Spanish variant "Ana" has been used for Atlantic tropical cyclones. There are also many composite variants of Anna, including "Annabelle" (which is French) and "Annabella" (which is Italian).




Sovereign's Orb

The Sovereign's Orb is a piece of coronation regalia. It was created for the coronation of Charles II in 1661 from the royal goldsmith Robert Viner. It is made of gold, sapphires, rubies, emeralds, amethyst, diamonds, pearls, and enamel. It has been used at all coronations and events after the one of Charles II. 

In 1671, it was damaged in Colonel Thomas Blood's attempt to steal the regalia. The Orb shows Christian sovereignty over the earth. It was set with 12 large diamonds, 30 rubies, sapphires, and emeralds for the coronation of George I in 1714. 

During the coronation ceremony, the Archbishop of Canterbury places the orb in the right hand of the Monarch. It is put back on the altar. The Monarch leaves the coronation wearing the Crown, carrying the Scepter, and holding the Orb.

William and Mary came to the throne in 1689 as King and Queen, each in their own right. An orb was made for Mary II. It is called Queen Mary's Orb. It was used once and never used again. Both orbs were placed on Queen Victoria's coffin at her funeral.

The orbs are hollow balls of gold. The Sovereign's Orb is 6.5" in diameter. It weighs 42oz 7dwt. Queen Mary's orb is smaller: it measures 5.75" in diameter. It weighs 34oz 6dwt. Queen Mary's orb was originally set with hired jewels. Today it is set with imitations for display purposes. The Sovereign's Orb is currently set with over 600 precious stones and pearls.


Haiku (operating system)

Haiku (initially OpenBeOS) is an open source operating system in development aimed at personal desktop computing and inspired by Be Inc.'s BeOS. It is designed to be fast and easy to use. Haiku is written in C++ and uses a kernel based on the NewOS kernel. Haiku is licensed under the MIT License.

Haiku uses the Be File System (BFS). Features of this filesystem include a 64-bit address space, journaling, and extensible attributes. Haiku's version of the BFS is optimized for speed and performance.

Michael Phipps started the Haiku project in 2001 as Palm, Inc. was purchasing Be, Inc.. In 2003, Phipps founded the non-profit Haiku, Inc. in order to support Haiku and its development.


Lucy

The name Lucy [ loo-see ] is a French and English female given name. It is feminine for the male name "Lucius" (which means "as of light"). There are several celebrities with this name. Fictional characters having the name include Lucy McClane from "Die Hard".
Lucy is a beautiful, happy, cheerful name. This name was ranked #47 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Henrietta

Henrietta is a female given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ hen-ree-et-"uh" ]. It comes from the male given name "Henry which means "ruler of the household" or "estate ruler."" Henrietta is the English form of the French name "Henriette". The short version of this name is "Harriet". In some English-speaking areas, Henrietta is not used as much as it used to be. "Harriet", however, is popular for certain countries. Both "Henrietta" and "Harriet" were most popular in the 1960s in United States. Henrietta itself ranked 446th in popularity in the 1990 census. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Sebastian Shaw

Sebastian Lewis Shaw (May 29, 1905 – December 23, 1994) was an English actor, director, novelist, playwright and poet. Shaw is known for his role in "", "The Spy in Black", "It Happened Here", "Men Are Not Gods", and in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". 

Shaw was born on May 29, 1905 in Holt, Norfolk, England. He was raised in Holt. Shaw stuided at Slade School and at the Royal Academy of the Dramatic Arts. He was married to Margaret Delamere from 1929 until they divorced in 1956. They had daughter, Drusilla. Shaw died on December 23, 1994 in Brighton, East Sussex, England from natural causes, aged 89.


Ian Richardson

Ian William Richardson (7 April 1934 – 9 February 2007) was a Scottish actor who was well known for his role as Francis Urquhart in "House of Cards". He won a Drama Desk Award in 1976.

Richardson was born on 7 April 1934 in Edinburgh, Scotland. He was raised in Balgreen, Edinburgh. Richardson studied at Balgreen Primary School, at Tynecastle High School, at the George Heriot's School, and at the College of Dramatic Arts. He was married to Maroussia Frank from 1961 until his death in 2007. They had a son, Miles. Richardson died on 9 February 2007 in London, England from a heart attack, aged 72.


Lady Elizabeth Delmé and Her Children

Lady Elizabeth Delmé and Her Children (1779) is an oil on canvas portrait by Joshua Reynolds. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC. The sitters in the picture are Lady Elizabeth Delmé and her children John and Isabella Elizabeth. They sat for their portraits in April and June 1777. Reynolds was paid three hundred pounds for the work in 1780, and touched up and re-varnished the picture in 1789.

Reynolds believed in the what was called the "Grand Manner". The two years involved in completing the portrait would have aged the children. "But Reynolds worked from abstract principles of design rather than observation of nature," the National Gallery of Art writes, "One of his conceptions for Grand Manner likenesses was: "Each person should have the expression which men of his rank generally exhibit." Reynolds therefore suppressed psychological individuality to gain a grandeur appropriate for these aristocrats."

Reynolds alluded to the Madonnas of Raphael (such as the "Madonna of the Goldfinch") in the triangular configuration of the sitters. This was another attempt to evoke the Grand Manner. Rembrandt and Titian are hinted at in the browns of the background. 

Cynthia Saltzman writes in "Old Masters, New Worlds" (2009) that "Lady Delmé has a long, elegant face, heavy-lidded eyes, and towering powdered hair. She wears a white dress and a cloak that covers her knees in a cascade of rose-colored satin that speaks both to her beauty and to the luxury at her command." Saltzman writes that "Lady Delmé" is one of the finest representatives of Reynolds's intent to raise portraiture to the level of history painting. English portraiture of the period "flattered the sitter", Saltzman explains, by depicting the sitter as a member of a powerful ruling class whose very existence made the world a better place.


Cookie (movie)

Cookie is a 1989 comedy movie released on August 23, 1989 by Warner Brothers. 



Mrs. Winterbourne

Mrs. Winterbourne is a 1996 romantic comedy and drama starring Shirley MacLaine, Ricki Lake, and Brendan Fraser. It is kindly based on Cornell Woolrich's book "I Married a Dead Man", which has already been filmed in Hollywood as "No Man of Her Own" (1950) starring Barbara Stanwyck, and in Hindi as "Kati Patang" (1970). The movie was filmed on location in and around Toronto, Ontario including Eaton Hall in King City, Ontario.



St. Edward's Crown

St. Edward's Crown is a part of the British coronation regalia. The crown was commissioned for the Coronation of Charles II on 23 April 1661 from the Crown Jeweller, Robert Viner. After the 1689 coronation of William III, its importance diminished. It was often carried in procession and set on the altar rather than placed on the Monarch's head. The Imperial State Crown was used instead for the actual crowning. It was not until George V's coronation in 1911 that the crown resumed its traditional place.

The present St Edward's Crown contains much of the crown made in 1661 for the coronation of King Charles II. The crown is made of gold. It weighs 71oz 14dwt. It was set with hired stones for the coronations and then reset with imitations for display purposes. In 1911 it was fitted with 444 semi-precious stones. The crown frame dates to 1661 but it is possible that it (or parts of it) were constructed from a pre-Restoration crown. Materials used include gold, silver, platinum, enamel, tourmalines, topazes, rubies, amethysts, sapphires, garnet, peridot, zircons, spinel, aquamarines, velvet, and ermine.

At a coronation, the Archbishop of Canterbury takes the crown from the altar and places it reverently upon the Monarch's head. "God save the King/Queen" is heard. The princes and princesses, the peers and peeresses put on their coronets and caps. The trumpets sound and a royal salute is fired at the Tower of London. After the crowning, the Monarch is enthroned and receives the homage of the clergy, princes, and peers.


Cry-Baby

Cry-Baby is a 1990 American romantic teen musical movie written and directed by John Waters. It stars Johnny Depp as 1950s teen rebel "Cry-Baby" Wade Walker, and also features a large ensemble cast that includes Amy Locane, Iggy Pop, Traci Lords, Ricki Lake, Kim McGuire, David Nelson, Susan Tyrrell, and Patty Hearst. The film did not achieve high audience numbers in its initial release, but has subsequently become a cult classic and spawned a Broadway musical of the same name which was nominated for four Tony Awards.

The movie is a parody of teen musicals (particularly "Grease") and centers on a group of delinquents that refer to themselves as "drapes" and their interaction with the rest of the town and its other subculture, the "squares", in 1954 Baltimore, Maryland. "Cry-Baby" Walker, a drape, and Allison, a square, create upheaval and turmoil in their little town of Baltimore by breaking the subculture taboos and falling in love. The film shows what the young couple have to overcome to be together and how their actions affect the rest of the town.

Part of the movie takes place at the now-closed Enchanted Forest amusement park in Ellicott City, Maryland. Others take place in the historic towns of Reisterstown, Jessup, Milford Mill and Sykesville, Maryland.

In 1954 Baltimore, Wade "Cry-Baby" Walker is the leader of a gang of "Drapes", which includes his teenage mom sister Pepper, facially disfigured Mona "Hatchet Face" Malnorowski, wild and free-spirited Wanda Woodward, and Milton Hackett, the nervous son of overzealous religious activists. His ability to shed a single tear drives all the girls wild. One day after school, he is approached by Allison Vernon-Williams, a pretty girl tired of being a "square", and the two fall in love. That same day, Cry-Baby approaches the "square" part of town to a talent show (""Sh-Boom"", ""A Teenage Prayer"") at the recreation center where Allison's grandmother hosts events, and introduces himself to her, who is skeptical of his motives. Cry-Baby invites Allison to a party at Turkey Point, a local hangout spot for the drapes.

Despite her grandmother's skepticism, Allison accompanies Cry-Baby to Turkey Point and sings with the drapes (""King Cry-Baby""). As Cry-Baby and Allison tell each other about their orphan lives (Cry-Baby's father was sent to the electric chair after being the "Alphabet Bomber" - a killer who bombed places in alphabetical order airport, barber shop etc.; Allison's parents always took separate flights to avoid orphaning her if they crashed, but one day both their planes went down), Allison's jealous square boyfriend, Baldwin, starts a riot. Cry-Baby is blamed for the fight and sent to a penitentiary, outraging all his friends and even Allison's grandmother, who is impressed by Cry-Baby's posture, manners, and musical talent.

As Lenora Frigid, a girl with a crush on Cry-Baby but constantly rejected by him, claims to be pregnant with his child, Allison feels betrayed and returns to Baldwin and the squares, though her grandmother advises her against rushing into a decision. Meanwhile, in the penitentiary, Cry-Baby gets a teardrop tattoo. He tells the tattoo artist, fellow drape Dupree (Robert Tyree): "I've been hurt all my life, but real tears wash away. This one's for Allison, and I want it to last forever!".

Eventually, Allison is persuaded by the newly established alliance between the Drapes and her grandmother to stand by Cry-Baby and join the campaign for his release (""Please, Mr. Jailer""). Cry-Baby is released but immediately insulted by Baldwin who, after revealing that his grandfather is the one who electrocuted Cry-Baby's father, challenges him to a chicken race. Cry-Baby wins, as Baldwin chickens out, and is reunited with Allison.

The movie ends with all watching the chicken race crying a single tear, all except for Allison and Cry-Baby, who has finally let go of the past, enabling him to cry from both eyes.



Methuselah

Methuselah was the son of Enoch and the father of Lamech in Genesis chapter 5. He is stated as having lived to the age of 969 (verse 27) and so his name in English is proverbial for great age.

Baby Cakes (movie)

Baby Cakes is a 1989 television movie starring Ricki Lake and Craig Sheffer. It was released on Valentine's Day in 1989 and is currently aired sporadically on Lifetime and Lifetime Movie Network.


Kashmir conflict

The Jammu and Kashmir conflict (, ) is a dispute over the territory of Kashmir. The dispute is between India, Pakistan and China. India claims all of the region that was once a princely state which it considers it's territory. It currently controls about 43% of the territory, including most of Jammu, the Kashmir Valley, Ladakh, and the Siachen Glacier. India's claims are disputed by Pakistan, which controls about 45% of Jammu and Kashmir, including Azad Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan. Pakistan says there should be a referendum in Kashmir on whether the people want to join India or Pakistan, or become independent.

The conflict started during the Partition of India (1947–48). On October 20, 1947, tribesmen backed by Pakistan invaded Kashmir. The Maharaja of Jammu & Kashmir initially fought back but on 27 October appealed for assistance to the Governor-General Louis Mountbatten, who agreed on the condition that the ruler accede to India and that a plebiscite would be held afterwards, which was not. Once the papers of accession to India were signed, Indian soldiers entered Kashmir with orders to stop any further occupation, but they were not allowed to remove anyone from the state. India took the matter to the United Nations. The UN resolution asked Pakistan to vacate the areas it has occupied and asked India to assist the U.N. Plebiscite Commission to organize a plebiscite to determine the will of the people. Pakistan refused to vacate the occupied areas.

In 1947-8 India and Pakistan fought their first war over Jammu and Kashmir. Under United Nations' supervision, they agreed to a ceasefire along a line which left one-third of the state - comprising what Pakistan calls Azad Jammu and Kashmir, and the Northern Areas administered by Pakistan and two-thirds, Jammu, Ladakh and the Kashmir Valley, controlled by India. In 1972, under the terms of the Simla agreement, the ceasefire line was renamed the Line of Control. 

Although India claims that the entire state is part of India, it has been prepared to accept the Line of Control as the international border, with some possible modifications. Both the US and the UK have also favoured turning the Line of Control into an internationally-recognised frontier. 

But Pakistan has consistently refused to accept the Line of Control as the border since the predominantly Muslim Kashmir Valley would remain as part of India. Formalising the status quo also does not take account of the aspirations of those Kashmiris who have been fighting since 1989 for independence for the whole or part of the state.

Another reason behind the dispute over Kashmir is water. Many rivers start in Kashmir. Some of them are tributaries of the Indus River basin, such as the Jhelum and Chenab River. These flow into Pakistan and are used for irrigation there. Other rivers like the Ravi, Beas River and the Sutlej flow into northern India.

One of the origins of the conflict is that with the Boundary Award of 1947, many of the Pakistani irrigation systems can be controlled from India. Pakistan has been afraid that India could stop the flow of rivers that start in Indian-controlled Kashmir and flow into Pakistan. This would harm the agrarian economy of Pakistan. The Indus Waters Treaty signed in 1960 resolved most of these disputes over the sharing of water.

Today Kashmir is split, as follows:

Kashmir has been a source of conflict between India and Pakistan for more than 60 years. Currently a boundary - the Line of Control - divides the region in two, with one part occupied by India and one militarily administrated by Pakistan. India would like to formalise this status quo and make it the accepted international boundary. But Pakistan and Kashmiri activists reject this plan because they both want greater control over the region.

As with other disputed territories, each government issues maps depicting their claims in Kashmir as part of their territory, regardless of actual control. It is illegal in India to exclude all or part of Kashmir in a map. It is also illegal in Pakistan not to include the state of Jammu and Kashmir. Non-participants often use the Line of Control and the Line of Actual Control as the depicted boundaries, as is done in the CIA World Factbook, and the region is often marked out in hashmarks, although the Indian government strictly opposes such practices. When Microsoft released a map in Windows 95 and MapPoint 2002, a controversy was raised because it did not show parts of Kashmir as part of India as per Indian claim. However, all the neutral companies claim to follow the UN's map and over 90% of all maps containing the territory of Kashmir show it as disputed territory.

The Mikado

The Mikado, or The Town of Titipu is a two-act operetta. The book and lyrics were written by W. S. Gilbert. The music was written by Arthur Sullivan. The operetta premiered 14 March 1885 at the Savoy Theatre, London, with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company. 

"The Mikado" is the ninth of the fourteen Gilbert and Sullivan operettas. It had 672 performances in its original run. This was the longest original run of any Gilbert and Sullivan operetta.

At the time of the operetta's creation, London was overwhelmed with all things Japanese: tea shops, kimonos, fans, etc. Gilbert reported that he got the idea for "The Mikado" when a Japanese sword fell from the wall of his study.


Nanki Poo is the son of the Mikado. He has disguised himself as a wandering minstrel to be near the village girl he loves Yum Yum. Their love is complicated by an old woman named Katisha who believes she will marry Nanki Poo. In the end, Nanki Poo and Yum Yum are united. Katisha settles for Koko, the town's executioner.




Roxanne

Roxanne [ rok-san ] is a female given name. The name is based on the Greek name "Roxane". "Roxane" comes from the Persian word "Roschana", which means "dawn of day". The name was ranked 389 in the 1990 U.S. Census. It fell out of the top 1000 girls names in the 21st century. The name has been popular in Australia and Canada, however. This name was used for a damaging hurricane in 1995. It was also the title of a single from music group The Police in the 1980s.


The Ballet of the Nuns

The Ballet of the Nuns is the first "ballet blanc" and the first romantic ballet. It is an episode in Act III of Giacomo Meyerbeer's grand opera, "Robert le Diable". It premiered in November 1831 at the Paris Opéra. The choreography (now lost) was created by either Filippo Taglioni or Jean Coralli. 

The short ballet tells of deceased nuns rising from their tombs in a ruined cloister to seduce the knight, Robert le Diable. At the end of the ballet, the white-clad nuns return to their tombs. The ballet was created because officials at the Paris Opéra wanted to demonstrate the building's newly installed gas lighting. The lighting was capable of creating ghastly effects. 

"The Ballet of the Nuns" starred Marie Taglioni as the Abbess Helena. Although opening night was marred with a few mishaps, Taglioni made her indelible mark on the ballet world in the role. She became known for her ethereal qualities and her moral purity, and is one of the most celebrated ballerinas in history.

The ballet opens with Bertram, Robert le Diable's father, entering the ruined cloister of Sainte-Rosalie. He summons the ghosts of nuns who have violated their vows. They rise from their graves. He orders them to seduce his son Robert into accepting a deadly talisman. The Abbess Helena orders the ghosts to waltz. In spite of their sacred vows, the nuns waltz. The dead nuns give themselves over to unholy thrills.

Robert enters. The nuns hide, but return to prevent his escape. Robert stands terrified before a saint's tomb. The Abbess lures him towards the talisman in the saint's hand. Robert seizes it. The nuns continue their dance,fluttering like white moths. Their graves open and they sink into the earth. Stone slabs slide into place, covering the dead. A choir of demons is heard.
Ballet of the 18th century was based on rational thought and classical art. The French Revolution however ushered in a period that brought romantic ballet to the stage. Trapdoors, gas lighting, and other elements that became associated with the romantic ballet had been used in the popular theaters on the Paris boulevards for some time. Such elements would gain official sanction and prestige at the Paris Opéra in the middle decades of the 19th century.

A ballet on a "Robert le Diable" theme was danced in Paris before Her Highness Mlle de Longueville in 1652. "The Ballet of the Nuns" however was something entirely new in concept to audiences on the ballet's opening night. Henri Duponchel, managing director of the Paris Opéra, was in charge of visual effects at the Opéra. He wanted to demonstrate the venue's recently installed gas lighting. Its reflectors produced a stronger, more keenly directed light than ever before. Working with him was Pierre Ciceri, chief scenery designer. Ciceri was inspired by either the Saint-Trophime cloister in Arles or the cloister of Monfort-l'Amaury for the ballet's moonlit setting.

The theme of the ballet is passion and death, and love beyond the grave. The scene is night rather than day, and Gothic Europe rather than the classical world of Greece and Rome. After almost 100 years of rational thought, audiences were clamoring for the mysterious, the supernatural, the vague, and the doomed. The story of the ballet is about a knight who slips into a cloister at midnight to steal a talisman from a dead saint's hand that will allow him to win a princess.

Hans Christian Andersen included the scene in one of his novels. Andersen writes of the scene, "By the hundred they rise from the graveyard and drift into the cloister. They seem not to touch the earth. Like vaporous images, they glide past one another ... Suddenly their shrouds fall to the ground. They stand in all their voluptuous nakedness, and there begins a bacchanal." The nuns were not completely naked, but Andersen did capture the essence of the scene.

Opening night was spoiled by a falling gaslight and a trapdoor that would not close properly. A piece of scenery fell, narrowly missing Taglioni. The curtain was brought down. The ballerina assured everyone she was unharmed. The curtain rose and the performance continued. It ended in a triumph for Meyerbeer, the Taglionis, and Dr. Louis Véron, the Opéra's new manager. 

Dr. Véron had recently been awarded the Paris Opéra as a private enterprise. He had great faith in Taglioni. He raised her salary to an unprecedented 30,000 francs a year. Her father was named ballet master with a three year contract. Véron's boldness was rewarded when Taglioni fulfilled her promise and became a great star.

The audience took prurient delight in the scandalous "Nuns". A reviewer for the "Revue des Deux-Mondes" wrote:A crowd of mute shades glides though the arches. All these women cast off their nuns' costume, they shake off the cold powder of the grave; suddenly they throw themselves into the delights of their past life; they dance like bacchantes, they play like lords, they drink like sappers. What a pleasure to see these light women.

"Nuns" was the first "ballet blanc" and the first romantic ballet. The opera was performed 756 times between 1831 and 1893 at the Paris Opéra. French Impressionist Edgar Degas painted the ballet scene several times between 1871 and 1876. 

Under her contract, Taglioni was to appear in "Nuns" about a dozen times. She left after six. It is possible that the erotic implications of the nuns' ballet did not set well with her. She may have been reluctant to appear in a ballet within an opera. A foot injury and the accidents that marred the first performance may have given the ballerina pause for thought. Bad press directed at her father may have caused Taglioni to withdraw. Taglioni was replaced by Louise Fitzjames, who danced the role 232 times. 

The Danish choreographer August Bournonville saw Fitzjames's performance as the Abbess in Paris in 1841. He based his own choreography, which was used in Copenhagen between 1833 and 1863, on this. His choreography has been fully preserved. It represents the only record of the original.

Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's future wife Fanny Appleton wrote, "The diabolical music and the dead rising from their tombs and the terrible darkness and the strange dance unite to form a stage effect almost unrivaled. The famous witches' (nuns) dance in the freezing moonlight in the ruined abbey, was as impressive as expected ... They drop in like flakes of snow and are certainly very charming witches with their jaunty Parisian figures and most refined pirouettes." 

Critic and dance historian Andre Levinson writes, "The academic dance had been an agreeable exercise to watch. Now, [ballet] clarified matters of the soul. Ballet was a divertissement (an entertainment, a distraction). It became a mystery." Kisselgoff writes, "... the preoccupation with the supernatural that characterized so much of 19th-century ballet could be traced to the success of the "Ballet of the Nuns" in Meyerbeer's first production at the Paris Opéra".

Dietrich Bonhoeffer

Dietrich Bonhoeffer (4 February 1906 in Breslau – 9 April 1945 in Flossenbürg concentration camp) was an important Lutheran pastor from Germany who was killed by the Nazis during World War II. He is known partly for his belief that killing Adolf Hitler was a moral act. In his early life he believed that all Jews should turn into Christians, but supported them anyway. He disagreed with the general anti-semitism and so created a theological college. He wrote a book called "The Cost of Discipleship" about following Christianity. 

Two days after Hitler became Chancellor, Bonhoeffer made a radio speech against him. Later, with Martin Niemöller and others, he started the anti-Nazi Confessing Church. Eventually he became part of the attempt by Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg to assassinate Hitler, but was arrested and executed, three weeks before Hitler killed himself. He was hanged days before the liberation of the POW camp where he was imprisoned.

Mia Sara

Mia Sara (born 19 June 1967, Brooklyn, New York) is an American actress. She appears mostly in movies. She was in "Timecop" (1994) and "Legend" (1985). She received a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress.

She was born Mia Sarapochiello in Brooklyn Heights, New York, of Italian-American descent. She is the daughter of Diana, a stylist and photographer, and Jerome Sarapochiello, a photographer and artist.

Tiffany (given name)

Tiffany [ tif-"uh"-nee ] is a female given name. The moniker Tiffany gained widespread popularity during the 1960s and 1970s, largely due to the renowned jewelry brand Tiffany & Co. Additionally, the character of Tiffany Case in the James Bond novel and film "Diamonds Are Forever" further contributed to the name's popularity. There are several different ways to spell it. The name is English for the Greek name "Theophania". "Tiffany" was formerly given to children who were born near Epiphany. There are several celebrities under the name, including singer Tiffany Darwish. This name was ranked #864 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Geraldine

Geraldine is a female given name.The pronunciation of the name is [ jer-"uh"l-deen ]. It is a female version of the name "Gerald". The name means "ruler of spear" .This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). There are many famous people having the name, such as Geraldine Ferraro, Geri Halliwell and Geraldine James.


Imperial State Crown

The Imperial State Crown is one of the Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom and symbolises the sovereignty of the monarch. The crown has existed in several versions since the 15th century. 

The modern version of the Imperial State Crown is of a design somewhat similar to that of St Edward's Crown, but shorter and encrusted with jewels: it includes a base of four crosses alternating with four fleurs-de-lis, above which are four half-arches surmounted by a cross. Inside is a purple velvet cap with an ermine border. The Imperial State Crown includes many precious gems, including 2,868 diamonds, 273 pearls, 17 sapphires, 11 emeralds, and 5 rubies.

The crown includes several famous jewels. The cross at the top is set with a stone known as St. Edward's Sapphire, a sapphire taken from the ring (or possibly coronet) of Edward the Confessor. The Black Prince's Ruby (actually a spinel) is set on the front cross pattée; the famous Cullinan II, or Lesser Star of Africa, is set on the front; and the back band contains the Stuart Sapphire. The crown also contains Queen Elizabeth’s Pearls.

When not in use, it is kept with the other Crown Jewels on display at the Jewel House in the Tower of London.

James (son of Alphaeus)

James (Son of Alphaeus) was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus. 

He has traditionally been identified with James the Just, bishop of Jerusalem.

Matthew/Levi is also called son of Alphaeus in the Gospel of Mark 2:14 so tradition has them as brothers but the New Testament does not state this, unlike the sons of Zebedee, Saint James and John.

Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom

The collective term Crown Jewels denotes the regalia and vestments worn by the sovereign of the United Kingdom during the coronation ceremony and at other state functions. The term refers to the following objects: the crowns, sceptres (with either the cross or the dove), orbs, swords, rings, spurs, the royal robe or pall, and several other objects connected with the ceremony.

Many of these descend directly from the pre-Reformation period and have a religious and sacral connotation.

After the death of James I, Charles I came to the throne. His many conflicts with parliament, stemmed from his belief in the divine right of kings. The many religious conflicts in his reign triggered the English Civil War. After six years of war, Charles was defeated and executed by the parliamentarians. Oliver Cromwell became the Lord Protector of England and, less than a week after the king's execution, the monarchy was abolished. The newly created English Republic found itself in a desperate financial state after the war. To raise funds the 'Act for the sale of the personal estate of the King,Queen and Prince' was put forward. Trustees were appointed to value the jewels and sell them to the highest bidder. The most valuable of these objects was the Tudor State Crown, valued at £1,100 (£1,740,000 as of 2011); it was set with 28 diamonds, 19 sapphires, 37 rubies and 168 pearls.

The present collection of Crown Jewels contains various crowns, some of which are used by every Sovereign, others being made personally for Sovereigns or for the Queen's Consort. Typically the crown of a King has a slightly pointed arched top, while that of a Queen has a slightly bowed top.



The Koh-i-Noor diamond was given to the East India Company by the former rulers of Punjab in 1849. It became part of the British Crown Jewels when Queen Victoria was proclaimed Empress of India in 1877. It also contains the Lahore Diamond (22.48 carats) from the Treasury of Lahore given to Queen Victoria by the East India Company in 1851. and a 17-carat (3.4 g) diamond given to Queen Victoria by the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire in 1856. The crown is now on display along with the other British Crown Jewels in the Tower of London.

Bird feet

Bird feet are adapted to the life they lead, and the patterns are often use in avian classification. They are derived from the basic limb of ancestral tetrapods, the pentadactyl limb. Humans (and other primates) have the original five fingers and five toes. Most birds have four toes, inherited together with over a hundred anatomical features from their theropod dinosaur ancestors. These four toes are arranged into four main patterns.


The bird knee joint between the femur and tibia (or rather "tibiotarsus") points forwards, but is hidden in the feathers. The backward-pointing "heel" (ankle) that is easily visible is a joint between the tibiotarsus and the tarsometatarsus.

The tarsometatarsus is the third segment of the leg. Only birds have this. It evolved from bones of the ankle in their ancestors. The tarsometatarsus is the extended foot area, which gives the leg extra lever length.

The scales of birds are made of the same keratin as beaks, claws, and spurs. They are found on the toes and sometimes further up on the ankle. The scales and scutes of birds are thought to be homologous with those of non-avian reptiles, and feathers have developed from the scales of Archosaurs.

Nancy (given name)

The name Nancy [ nan-see; "French" nahn-see ] is a female given name. It comes off "Hannah", meaning "grace". The name was originally a nickname for girls. However, from the 18th century onward, Nancy became a proper name. This name was ranked #945 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Narayanganj District

Narayanganj (, "") is a district in central Bangladesh. It is part of the Dhaka Division. The main city of the district is Narayanganj.

Addition reaction

In organic chemistry an addition reaction happens when two molecules come together to make a bigger one. This can only happen when one of the molecules already has a double or triple bond. These can be carbon-carbon bonds or even carbon-oxygen, carbon-nitrogen and others. One of the two molecules is called the nucleophile, and this is the one that gives the electrons to the other to make the new bond. The other molecule is called the electrophile, and this is the one that gets the electrons.

An addition reaction is the opposite of an elimination reaction. Common examples of addition reactions are the addition of water across a double bond and the nucleophilic attack on a carbonyl.

Ho Jong-suk

Ho Jong-suk (; July 16, 1908 – June 5, 1991) was a Korean politician, journalist and independence activist. One of her main topics of interest was feminism. Her courtesy name was Jongja(정자, 貞子) and her pen name was Sukayi(수가이, 秀嘉伊).



Electrophile

In chemistry, an electrophile is a molecule or an atom that is happy to take electrons from another one. Many electrophiles have a positive charge. They are also called Lewis acids. Some examples of electrophiles are molecules where the atoms have a big difference in electronegativity, like HCl or a carbonyl, or also oxidizing agents.

Electrophiles get attacked by a nucleophile, which is the opposite kind of molecule. This happens for example in addition reactions. 

CH + Br → BrCHCHBr

Feni District

Feni () is a small district in southeastern Bangladesh. It is part of the Chittagong Division.

Feni was free from Pakistan on 6 December 1971 and was established as a district on February 15,
1984. It has six upazillas, 45 union parishads,
and approximately 570 villages. The upazillas are:
1. Feni Sadar
2. Sonagazi
3. Fhulgazi
4. Chagalnaiya
5. Daganbhuiyan
6. Parshuram.

Noakhali District

Noakhali () is a district in south-eastern Bangladesh. It is in the Chittagong Division.

Lakshmipur District

Lakshmipur or Laxmipur District (, "Lakshmipur Jela" also "Lakshmipur Zila") with an area of 1455.96 km², is a district of Bangladesh. It is bordered by Chandpur District to the north, Bhola and Noakhali districts to the south, Noakhali District to the east, and Barisal and Bhola districts to the west.

The upazilas under this district are:
The district of Lakshmipur consists 3539 mosques, 45 temples, 1 churches.



Satkhira District

Shatkhira () is a district in south-western Bangladesh. It is part of Khulna Division.

Bagerhat District

Bagerhat () is a district in south-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Khulna Division.

Augustinians

The Augustinians were Roman Catholic monastic order. Martin Luther became an Augustinian monk at St. Augustine's Monastery in the German city of Erfurt in 1505. He later started the Reformation.

The name comes from Augustine of Hippo.

Erin

The name Erin [ er-in ] is an Irish and English female name. It comes from the ancient name for Ireland. Erin is a name that has been utilized for both male and female individuals, although it is more frequently assigned to females. The name has its origins in Ireland and is derived from the Gaelic term "Éirinn," which means "Ireland." Erin has been in use for centuries and has a profound historical and cultural significance. The name first became popular around the United States. Erin is one of the twenty most-often used female names in Wales. There are many famous people with this name. It is being used on Atlantic tropical cyclones.


Berthe Morisot

Berthe Marie Pauline Morisot (; January 14, 1841 – March 2, 1895) was an Impressionist painter. She was born in Bourges, France, and died in Paris.

In the 1860s, she studied with Camille Corot. She exhibited at the 1865 Salon. Morisot met artist Édouard Manet in 1868. Manet painted her portrait several times. The two had great influence on one another's work. In 1874, she married his brother, Eugène.

She exhibited at the first Impressionist exhibition in 1874. Morisot worked in oils, pastels, and watercolor. Her pictures are light and delicate. They typically depict women and children in everyday domestic life.

Many critics ridiculed the Impressionists. Morisot was not spared. She was never commercially successful during her lifetime. During her lifetime however, she outsold prominent Impressionists Claude Monet, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, and Alfred Sisley.

Henri Rousseau

Henri Julien Félix Rousseau (; 21 May 1844 – 2 September 1910) was a post-Impressionist painter. He was born at Laval, Mayenne. He worked a variety of jobs (saxophonist, toll collector) before beginning to paint at age 40. He was known as "Le Douanier" ("the customs officer").

From 1886 onwards, he exhibited at the "Salon des Indépendents". In 1905, he began exhibiting at the "Salon d'Automne".

François Mathey wrote: "Rousseau is considered to be the greatest master of naïve painting, for his art combines a spontaneous vision of reality with an imaginary universe of great plastic and poetical power, in which he allied audacity with innocence, monumental composition with minute detail".

Some critics ridiculed him for his style, but he came to be recognized as a self-taught genius. Rousseau's work had a great influence on many avant-garde artists.

He had an unhappy love affair in his last months. He died in Paris in 1910.

He painted a few pictures of the Rainforests, and his pictures were very busy.some of His paintings are very famous around the world.

Leslie Bibb

Leslie Bibb (born November 17, 1974 in Bismarck, North Dakota) is an American actress. She works primarily in movies, although sometimes in television programs. Her movies include "Skulls" and "Iron Man". Some sources say she was born in 1973. Others say 1974 or 1975.

Inferno (operating system)

Inferno is a distributed operating system made by Bells Labs and Vita Nuova Holdings based on ideas and technology from Plan 9 from Bell Labs. The three main principles behind Inferno's design are:
As a distributed operating system (i.e. an operating system working across and connecting multiple machines and devices together), Inferno is also designed to be able to operated on a variety of computer architectures. It can also be operated on top of other operating systems, such as Unix, Microsoft Windows, or Google's Android operating system. In order to make Inferno applications as portable to other computer architectures as the Inferno operating system, Inferno applications are written in a programing language called Limbo and run inside Inferno's Dis virtual machine.


Cynthia

Cynthia is a female given name that comes from Greek word "kynthia". It is pronounced [ sin-thee-"uh" ]. There are several different versions for this name. One short version is "Cindy". Cynthia is a Greek-origin name which translates to "from Mount Kynthos". It is derived from the Greek goddess of the moon, also referred to as Cynthia, and has become synonymous with the moon and the night sky. The name frequently indicates beauty, grace, and elegance.This name was ranked #806 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

There are many well known people under the name, including Cynthia McKinney and Cynthia Nixon. The short version, "Cindy", is being used for Atlantic Basin tropical cyclones.



Amber (name)

The name Amber" [am-ber] [/ˈæm bər/]is a female given name. It comes from the word amber. This comes from the Arabic word "anbar which means 'ambergris. The name is a very popular name for English-speaking areas. It was the 165th most popular for the United States in 2008. The name ranked among the top 25 most popular girl's names between 1980 and 1997. It ranked among the top 100 most used female names in Canada, Western Europe and Australia. There are some celebrities with the name, including Amber Heard.



Jacqueline

Jacqueline [ jak-"uh"-lin, -leen, jak-w"uh"-; "French" zhak"uh"-leen ] is a female given name. It has many variants. One variant is "Jackie". Jacqueline is a name that has its roots in a story from the Bible about two brothers, Jacob and Esau. In the tale, Jacob takes Esau's birthright and blessing, which means he takes over his brother's position and becomes a "supplanter" or "someone who replaces another." The name Jacqueline is commonly associated with qualities which include strength, determination, and perseverance. This is the feminine version for male name "Jacques". "Jacques" is a French version of "Jacob". Jacqueline was first used in the United Kingdom during the 17th century. The name is very popular in France, the United States, Australia, Canada and western Europe. Many famous people have Jacqueline and its related variants for their name.


Sasha Vujačić

Sasha Vujačić (born March 8, 1984) is a Slovenian basketball player. He played for the Los Angeles Lakers for most of his career.

Maryborough, Queensland

Maryborough is a city in south east Queensland, Australia. It is built on the banks of the Mary River. It is on the Bruce Highway about north of Brisbane. In 2006 there were 25,705 people living in the city and the nearby area.

Maryborough was first settled in 1847 which makes it one the oldest towns in Queensland. The city was named after the Mary River. The river was named after Lady Mary FitzRoy, wife of the Governor of New South Wales, Sir Charles Augustus FitzRoy.

Gympie

Gympie is a town in Queensland, Australia. The city is built on the banks of the Mary River. It is about north of Brisbane. In 2011 there were 18,602 people living in Gympie. Gympie is named after the Aboriginal words "Gympie Gympie" or "Gimpi Gimpi", meaning the stinging tree. The town was first called Nashville, after James Nash who found gold there in 1867. In 1868 it became Gympie.

Marilyn vos Savant

Marilyn vos Savant (born August 11, 1946 in St. Louis) is an American magazine columnist, playwright and author. She became very famous in the "Guinness Book of World Records" category for having the most highest IQ of 228. Since 1986, she has hosted "Parade" magazine's "Ask Marilyn" column. In the column she answers the questions from readers on a variety of subjects.

Guinness retired the "Highest IQ" category in 1990 after concluding IQ tests were too unreliable to designate a single record holder.

Murgon

Murgon is a town in Queensland, Australia. It is about northwest of Brisbane. It is a farming area with beef cattle, dairy farms and vineyards. The town is named after an Aboriginal word for "water lily". In 2011 there were 2,496 people living in Murgon.

Movement for Rights and Freedoms

The Movement for Rights and Freedoms (MRF) (; ), is a political party in Bulgaria. Their ideologies are centrism and liberalism. The MRF is a member of the Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe. The MRF represents Turks in Bulgaria.

The MRF was founded on 4 January 1990. The founder chairman of the MRF was Ahmed Dogan. After him, his deputy Lyutvi Mestan is elected as the 2nd chairman of the MRF.



Warren Truss

Warren Truss (born 8 October 1948, Kingaroy, Queensland) is an Australian politician. He was elected as the member for Wide Bay in the Australian Parliament in 1990. He became the leader of the National Party in 2007. In the Howard government, Truss was Minister for Customs and Consumer Affairs and Minister for Community Services. In July 1999 Truss became of Minister for Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry. In 2005 he became Minister for Transport and Regional Services. In September 2006 he became Minister for Trade.

Stan Musial

Stanley Frank "Stan" Musial (born Stanisław Franciszek Musiał; November 21, 1920 – January 19, 2013) or Stan the Man was an American professional baseball player who played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the St. Louis Cardinals (1941–1963). He is the National League's all-time leader in doubles, among many other records for doubles.

President Barack Obama presented Musial with Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest honor that can be given to a civilian, at the White House on February 15, 2011. Musial was a first-ballot inductee to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1969. He began to play baseball in 1941 until his retirement in 1963.

Musial was born on November 21, 1920 in Donora, Pennsylvania. He had Czech and Polish parents. He studied at the University of Pittsburgh.

Musial was married to the former Lillian Labash from 1940 until her death in May 2012. They had four children. Musial died on January 19, 2013 in the St. Louis suburb of Ladue, Missouri from natural causes, aged 92. He died on the same day as Earl Weaver.


Earl Weaver

Earl Sidney Weaver (August 14, 1930 – January 19, 2013) was an American professional baseball player and manager. After playing in minor league baseball, he retired without playing in Major League Baseball (MLB). He became a minor league manager, and then managed in MLB for 17 years with the Baltimore Orioles (1968–1982; 1985–1986). He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1996.

Weaver was born on August 14, 1930 in St. Louis, Missouri. He was raised in Baltimore, Maryland. Weaver was married to Jane Johnston for fourteen years unti they divorced. Then he was married to Marianna Osgood from 1964 until his death in 2013. He had four children. Weaver died on January 19, 2013 while on a cruise ship in the Caribbean Sea from a heart attack, aged 82. He died on the same day as Stan Musial.


Screaming Trees

Screaming Trees were an American grunge band from Ellensburg, Washington.

The band was formed in 1985 by brothers Gary Lee Conner and Van Conner. The band formed because the members had an interest in the punk, garage, and classic rock genres in high school.

They released their debut album, "Clairvoyance", on February 13, 1986. The band gained fame from the early 1990s grunge movement along with bands like Alice in Chains, Nirvana, Stone Temple Pilots, Soundgarden and Pearl Jam. The band broke up in 2000.



EPs

Zizan Razak

Mohammad Razizan Abdul Razak (born 15 April 1984), better known as Zizan Razak, is a Malaysian comedian. He is also a television host, actor, and most recently a rapper and a singer. He has also been in several reality television shows. He was runner-up (second place) in the first season of Raja Lawak (King of Comedy), a competition for comedians. In it he was known as "Zizan Raja Lawak". He was also a participant in Maharaja Lawak (Emperor of Comedy), which was a second series of competitions for the finalists of each season of "Raja Lawak". In the show, he was paired (as a team) with Johan Raja Lawak. They were known as "Jozan". They came second in the series, and won RM 250 thousand. Zizan was also in the reality show Super Spontan, which he won and took the prize of RM 100,000 and a Toyota Camry.

Zizan was born in Dungun, Terengganu. He is the younger of two siblings.

In 2011, Zizan was rumoured to be dating with Juliana Evans after starring together in the movie Hantu Bonceng. They later acted together in Mael Lambong.




Zizan was asked to say sorry for something he said in the comedy Hantu Bonceng in September 2011. It was said to insult Islam. Dewan Pemuda PAS Malaysia condemned what they saw as a clear insult to Allah. They referred to Zizan saying "Ashaduanna Muhammadar...syaitan", which means "I bear witness that Muhammad is ... the devil". Ustaz Azhar Idrus, an Islamic leader in Terengganu, also asked Zizan to repent to Allah.


Last Exit to Brooklyn (movie)

Last Exit to Brooklyn is a 1989 English-language British-German drama movie, directed by Uli Edel, and based on the novel by Hubert Selby Jr.

In the 1950s in Brooklyn, a group of prostitutes, unionist activists and drag queens lead difficult lives, an existence of drugs, crime and violence in a working class Brooklyn neighborhood.


Cabin Boy

Cabin Boy is a 1994 fantasy comedy movie directed by Adam Resnick and co-produced by Tim Burton, which starred comedian Chris Elliott. Elliott co-wrote the movie with Resnick. Both men worked for "Late Night with David Letterman" in the 1980s, as well as co-creating the short-lived FOX sitcom "Get a Life" in the early 1990s.

The project was originally to be directed by Tim Burton, who had contacted Chris Elliott after seeing "Get a Life". Resnick took over after Burton was offered the movie "Ed Wood".



Skinner (movie)

Skinner is a 1993 independent movie, splatter and slasher motion picture starring Ted Raimi, Traci Lords, Ricki Lake and Richard Schiff.

Dennis Skinner is a likeable decent-looking lad, who is driven by a disturbing childhood; moonlights as a skid row slasher style, serial killer who tends to prey on hookers, in-between those co-workers of his who despise him as he does in return. Who "punishes" those (he finds offensive) in particular, by flaying his victims alive. On his trail is Heidi, a junkie prostitute, who survived one of his brutal attacks and now strives for revenge.


Martha

Martha [ mahr-th"uh" ] is a female given name. Martha is an ancient name with a fascinating background and significance. Its origins can be traced back to the Aramaic language, where it is derived from the word "marta," which means "lady" or "mistress." In the Bible, Martha is recognized as the sister of Lazarus and Mary, and she is celebrated for her hospitality and dedication to serving Jesus. The name has been around through many centuries. Martha of Bethany is a very notable person who has the name. She is described in the Gospel of John and the Gospel of Luke. There are other people with this female name, including Martha Stewart, Martha McSally and Martha Coakley. The name was used for an Atlantic hurricane in 1969. This name was ranked #728 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Charles Roven

Charles Roven (born August 2, 1949) is an American movie producer. He is known for his works with "Batman Begins", "The Dark Knight", "The Dark Knight Rises", and with "Man of Steel".

Roven was born on August 2, 1949. He was married to Dawn Steel from 1985 until her death in 1997. They had one daughter, Rebecca Steel Roven. 


Danielle

Danielle is a female given name. It is pronounced [ dan-yel ]. It is feminine of the name "Daniel". "Daniel" is Hebrew for "God is my judge". Danielle is a strongly popular female name for certain countries.This name was ranked #443 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

There are many variants for this name. Famous people by the name include Danielle Steel and Danielle Fishel. This name is currently being used on Atlantic tropical cyclones.


Carol Castro

Carolina Osório de Castro (born March 10, 1984) is a Brazilian actress. 


Wally Pfister

Walter C. "Wally" Pfister (born July 8, 1961) is an Academy Award-winning American cinematographer and movie director who is known for his cinematography in "Batman Begins", "Memento", "Moneyball", "Insomnia", "The Dark Knight", "Inception", and in "The Dark Knight Rises". He began his directing career in the 2014 movie "Transcendence".

Pfister was born on July 8, 1961 in Chicago, Illinois. He was raised both in Chicago and in New York City, New York. Pfister was married to Anna Julien since 1992. They had three children.


Rajbari District

Rajbari (, "Rajbari Jela" or "Rajbari Zila") is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Gopalganj District

Gopalganj () is a district of Bangladesh. It is part of the Dhaka Division.

Madaripur District

Madaripur is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Shariatpur District

Shariatpur (, or ) is a district of central Bangladesh. It is part of the Dhaka Division.

Kushtia District

Kushtia () is a district in the Khulna Division of west Bangladesh. It is next to the river Gorai.

Chuadanga District

Chuadanga (; "Chuađaņa") is a district in western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Khulna Division.

Meherpur District

Meherpur () is a small district in south-western Bangladesh. It is part of the Khulna Division.

Jhenaidah District

Jhenidah is a district in southwestern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Khulna Division.

Magura District

Magura () is a district in south-western part of Bangladesh. It is a part of the Khulna Division.

Narail District

Narail (, "") is a district in south-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Khulna Division.

Chemical kinetics

Chemical kinetics, also called reaction kinetics, is the branch of physical chemistry connected with study of how fast chemical reactions go. This includes studying how different conditions such as temperature, pressure or solvent used, affect the speed of a reaction. Chemical kinetics can also be used to find out about reaction mechanisms and transition states.

The basic idea of chemical kinetics is called collision theory. This states that for a reaction to happen, the molecules must hit each other. Ways of increasing the speed of the reaction must therefore increase the number of hits. This can be done in many ways.

With experiments it is possible to calculate reaction rates from which you can get rate laws and rate constants. A rate law is a mathematical expression with which you can calculate the speed of a reaction given the concentration of the reagents.

the equilibrium is dynamic in nature

There are many types of rate laws, but the most common are:

From this data, it is possible to think about the mechanism of the reaction. If it is second-order, for example, then it is likely that both molecules in the reaction are coming together during the rate-determining step. This is the most difficult step in the mechanism to go through, because it has the highest activation energy.

Rose McGowan

Rósa Arianna McGowan (born September 5, 1973), better known as Rose McGowan, is an American former actress, model, singer, and author. She is best known to television audiences for her role as Paige Matthews in The WB supernatural drama series "Charmed" (2001–2006), and also for her recurring role in ABC's long running fantasy series "Once Upon a Time" as young Cora Mills.

McGowan made her film debut in the comedy "Encino Man" (1992), wherein she played a small role. Her performance as Amy Blue in Gregg Araki's dark comedy "The Doom Generation" (1995) brought her wider attention, and she received an Independent Spirit Award nomination for her performance. McGowan appeared as Tatum Riley in the horror film "Scream" (1996) and starred alongside Ben Affleck in the coming-of-age feature "Going All the Way" (1997). She appeared in several Hollywood films, including "Devil in the Flesh" (1998), "Jawbreaker" (1999), "Ready to Rumble" (2000), "Monkeybone" (2001), and "The Black Dahlia" (2006). McGowan played Ann-Margret, alongside Jonathan Rhys Meyers as Elvis Presley, in the CBS miniseries "Elvis" (2005). She starred in "Planet Terror" (2007) and had a supporting role in "Death Proof" (2007), both part of the double-feature film directed by Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino, "Grindhouse". Next, she starred in the crime thriller film "Fifty Dead Men Walking" (2008).

In 1996, McGowan was the cover model for the Henry Mancini tribute album "Shots in the Dark", and she was the face of the American clothing company Bebe from 1998 to 1999. She has also appeared on numerous magazine covers, including "Seventeen", "Interview", "Maxim", "GQ", "Entertainment Weekly", and "Rolling Stone".

After the Harvey Weinstein sexual abuse scandal broke and the #MeToo movement began, McGowan has been a supportive figure speaking out against harassment.

In March 2018, McGowan came out as non-binary. February 2021, McGowan became a permanent resident of Mexico and lives in Tulum, Quintana Roo.

Rose (name)

Rose [ rohz ] is a female given name based on the flower. The name "Rose" has been a popular choice for baby girls for centuries due to its timeless and attractive qualities. The name originates from the Latin term "rosa," which refers to the flower known as the "rose." Throughout history, "Rose" has been associated with the concepts of love, beauty, and purity, making it a meaningful and symbolic option for parents searching for a name for their daughter. This name was ranked #116 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

This feminine name comes from a late Latin word "rosa".

There are many variants. One of them is "Rosemary".

The name Rose is currently under List One of the Atlantic tropical cyclone names.


The 300 Spartans

The 300 Spartans is a 1962 Cinemascope movie depicting the Battle of Thermopylae. It was shot in the village of Perachora in the Peloponnese. It stars Richard Egan as the Spartan king Leonidas I, Ralph Richardson as Themistocles of Athens, and David Farrar as Persian king Xerxes. Diane Baker as Ellas and Barry Coe as Phylon provide the romantic element. 

The movie is about a force of Greek warriors led by 300 Spartans which fights against an enormous Persian army. The Spartans will not flee or surrender, even if it means their deaths. 

When it was released in 1962, critics saw the movie as a commentary on the Cold War. It was impossible to shoot at Thermopylae. The sea had receded about 3 miles farther away from the narrow pass. Some 5,000 members of the Royal Hellenic Army were loaned by the King of Greece to portray both the Spartans and the Persians.

Transition state

In a chemical reaction, the transition state is the point where there is a maximum value of energy. This energy is called the activation energy. When two or more molecules are mixed, they will hit each other. If they hit with enough energy to go through the transition state, they will react and form new molecules. At the transition state, new bonds are formed while the old ones are broken. In a graph or a drawing, the transition state is often marked with the double dagger ‡ symbol.

It is very difficult to study a transition state. This is because it is so high in energy that the molecules will stay in that form for a very short time, usually femtoseconds. It is important not to confuse transition states with intermediates. Intermediates are found at minimum points of energy, and they can live for a very long time. Like a transition state, however, an intermediate is between reagents and products of a reaction.

Studying transition states is very important to understand reaction mechanisms. There are theories and computer programs that can be used to calculate how the transition state looks like. This is a part of chemical kinetics. 

Winged Victory of Samothrace

The Winged Victory of Samothrace (or Nike of Samothrace) is a Parian marble sculpture now in the Louvre, Paris, France. It is believed to have been made about 190 BC. It was discovered in 1863. It commemorates Nike, the Greek victory in a sea battle near Samothrace. It stands 2.44 m high. The work presents a pose where violent motion and sudden stillness meet. It is notable for its graceful balance and for the rendering of the figure's draped garments, depicted as if rippling in a strong sea breeze.

Activation energy

The activation energy of a chemical reaction is the minimum energy that is needed to make the reaction happen. It usually has the symbol E and it is measured in kilojoule per mole. It can be thought of as a barrier between the reagents and the products of a reaction. The activation energy is the difference in energy between the transition state and the starting reagents.

This equation is a way of calculating the activation energy. Its form is:
Here, "k" is the rate constant of the reaction (which can be measured using chemical kinetics), "A" is a frequency factor, "R" is the universal gas constant, "T" is the temperature. If we measure how fast the reaction goes at different temperatures, then we can make a graph and calculate the activation energy using this equation.

When using a catalyst the activation energy is made smaller. This means that the reaction can go faster at the same temperature. The catalyst does not change the energy of the reagents or the products. Also, the catalyst does not change in the reaction. Therefore, it can be used again and again and only a small amount of a catalyst is needed. 

300 (comics)

300 is a graphic novel written and drawn by Frank Miller and colored by Lynn Varley. It tells the story of the Spartans, the Persians, and the Battle of Thermopylae. The individual volumes were collected and reprinted in their entire by Dark Horse in 1999. "Publishers Weekly" wrote: "Form and content are ideally wedded: Miller's writing is stark, his drawings moody and dramatic, and intensified by Varley's grimly appropriate palette of earth and blood. The reader can see and feel the harshness of both the Grecian landscape and Sparta's battle-worshipping culture, as Miller presents the complex historical moment facing the 300." The novel was made into a movie.

Sacred Band of Thebes

The Sacred Band of Thebes was an elite fighting unit within the ancient Theban army of the 4th century BC. The earliest surviving record of the Sacred Band by name was made in 324 BC. The unit was comprised of 150 male lovers. It was believed these men would make better warriors. Plutarch (46–120 AD) is the source of the most substantial surviving account of the Sacred Band. In his "Life of Pelopidas" Plutarch wrote, "Since the lovers, ashamed to be base in sight of their beloved, and the beloved before their lovers, willingly rush into danger for the relief of one another." The band was reportedly organized by the Theban commander Gorgidas in 378 BC. Male couples were originally dispersed throughout the ranks of the army. It was later decided to create a separate squad. The squad played a crucial role in the Battle of Leuctra. It was completely destroyed by Philip II of Macedon in the Battle of Chaeronea in 338 BC.

Jerry Hopkins

Elisha Gerald "Jerry" Hopkins (November 9, 1935 – June 3, 2018) was an American journalist and author. He was best known for writing the first biographies of both Elvis Presley and Jim Morrison of The Doors, as well as serving for 20 years as a writer for "Rolling Stone" magazine. He also wrote several other biographies, wrote history and humor, and was a writer-producer for Mike Wallace, Steve Allen and Mort Sahl. He has published 36 books and an estimated one thousand magazine articles. The books have been translated into 16 languages and total sales exceed 6 million.

Hopkins was born on November 9, 1935 in Camden, New Jersey. He was raised in nearby Haddonfield, a town founded by Quakers. His parents operated a dry cleaning store.

He attended a Quaker school through 6th grade and public schools through 12th. He earned a BA in journalism from Washington & Lee University in Lexington, Virginia (1957). For a short time, he worked as a reporter for the "Twin City Sentinel" in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. He was in the US Army for a short time. After that, he earned an MS in journalism from Columbia University in New York (1959).

After freelancing articles to the then-young "Village Voice" while at Columbia, he worked as a reporter for the "Times-Picayune" and as news editor of WWL Radio in New Orleans (1959-1961). He joined Mike Wallace as a writer-producer in New York for one year (1961-62) then moved to Los Angeles where he was a talent coordinator and writer-producer for Steve Allen (1962-1964). He also wrote and produced television programs for Mort Sahl, ABC-TV and Universal Studios (1964-1966; 1971). He wrote his first books during this period, an as-told-to autobiography of a health faddist, "Bare Feet and Good Things to Eat" (1965), and an astrological spoof, "You Were Born on a Rotten Day" (1969).

In the mid-1960s, he left television to open the first “headshop” in Los Angeles. He then became the Los Angeles correspondent for "Rolling Stone" (1967-1969). He wrote features and columns for alternative newspapers, MC’ed the first love-ins in Los Angeles, edited a collection of material from the underground press, "The Hippie Papers" (1968) and wrote a history of rock and roll, "The Rock Story" (1970).

Leaving "Rolling Stone" temporarily in 1969 to write "Elvis: A Biography" (1971), it was while then serving as the magazine’s London correspondent (1972) he began researching his Morrison biography, "No One Here Gets Out Alive". It was rejected by more than 30 publishers before publication in 1980, when it topped the "New York Times" bestseller chart and was credited by many with helping kick-start the Doors’ revival as well as inspiring a new publishing genre, the rock biography. A sequel to the Elvis biography, "Elvis: The Final Years" (1981) followed, along with biographies of Jimi Hendrix, David Bowie, Yoko Ono, and Raquel Welch, the latter of which was authorized but not published.

He moved to Honolulu, where he edited a monthly newsletter about Hawaiian music and dance and published several books taking Hawaiian culture as their subject, including "The Hula" (1981), a history; "How to Make Your Own Hawaiian Musical Instruments" (1988); "Elvis in Hawaii" (2002); and "Don Ho: My Life, My Music" (2007). He also was an editor at Pacific Business News in Honolulu and a speechwriter for Mayor Frank Fasi.

Moving to Thailand in 1993, he wrote for many travel, food and airline magazines. He worked with photographer Michael Freeman on "Strange Foods: An Epicurean Adventure Around the World" (1999), which was expanded and reissued as "Extreme Cuisine" with a foreword by Anthony Bourdain (2004). A collection of expatriate profiles, "Bangkok Babylon" (2005); a book of stories and essays, "Thailand Confidential" (2005); and "Asian Aphrodisiacs" (2006) followed. His 37th book, profiling Western novelists who helped forge the Asian myth, "Romancing the East", will be published in 2013.

Hopkins has been married four times, to Sara Cordell (1959-1963), Jane Hollingsworth (1968-1976), Rebecca Erickson Crockett (1980-1988) and has two grown children by his second wife, Erin Hendershot (b.1970) and Nick Hopkins (b. 1972), and six grandchildren. He and his wife, Lamyai (m. 2003), a citizen of Thailand, divide their time between a flat in Bangkok and a house and farm six hours away in rice country near the Cambodian border.

Hopkins died on June 3, 2018 in Bangkok of heart failure at the age of 82.



Themistocles

Themistocles (?524 BC-?460 BC) was an Ancient Greek Athenian politician and general. He fought against the Persians at the Battle of Marathon as a young man. He later persuaded Athens to build a navy which he commanded in the engagement against the Persians at the Battle of Salamis in 480 BC.

After the war he became unpopular and had to leave. He went to work for the Persian Empire.

Greek shield

The "Greek shield" of Ancient Greece was called a hoplon or aspis. It was from this word that hoplite (a Greek soldier) is derived. 

A hoplon was a deeply-dished shield made of wood. Some shields had a thin sheet of bronze on the outer face. This was placed just around the rim. In some periods, the shield was decorated. At other times, it remained undecorated. These large shields were designed for a mass of hoplites to push forward into the opposing army, and it was their most essential equipment. The shield was carried in the left hand. It was used by Spartans as a weapon of attack.

Probably the most famous decoration is the Spartan. This was a capital lambda (Λ). From the late 5th century BC onward, Athenian hoplites usually used the Little Owl (Athena's sacred bird). The shields of Theban hoplites were sometimes decorated with a sphinx, or the club of Herakles. 

Breadfruit

Breadfruit is the name for an evergreen tree in the mulberry family. Originally, the tree grew in Southeast Asia. It has been cultivated and is grown in the tropical and subtropical regions of Asia, Central and South America and the Caribbean. The tree can reach a height of up to . The breadfruit is the fruit of this tree. The fruits contain a lot of starch - much like potatoes; they are ground to make flour, which can then be used for baking.

Ancestors of the Polynesians found the trees growing in the northwest New Guinea area around 3,500 years ago. They gave up the rice cultivation they had brought with them from Taiwan, and raised breadfruit instead. They took the trees with them wherever they went in the Pacific. The exceptions were Easter Island and New Zealand: both places were too cold to grow the trees. Their ancient eastern Indonesian cousins spread the plant west and north through insular and coastal Southeast Asia. In historical times, it has also been widely planted in tropical regions elsewhere.

The Mutiny on the Bounty was caused by breadfruit trees: In 1787, William Bligh was ordered to load a number of these trees on Tahiti and to ship them to the Caribbean; there they would serve as a cheap food for the slaves working on plantations. The main plantations at the time were those of sugarcane. This was the first attempt a government made to grow an economically important plant at a different location. The attempt failed, because the seamen did not understand why the drinking water supply was used to water the plants; they threw the plants overboard.

Bligh was able to ship the trees in a second voyage: Arriving in the Caribbean, he faced a different problem: The slaves there did not accept breadfruit as a replacement for cereals. Bligh won the Royal Society medal for his efforts, even though the introduction was not entirely successful. Although most slaves refused to eat the new food, breadfruit was accepted into the cuisine of Puerto Rico.

Hercules Room

The Hercules Room (also known as the Hercules Drawing Room or Hercules Salon; ) is a State Room in the Palace of Versailles. It occupies what was once the site of a chapel. Louis XIV wanted the Hercules Room to be a showcase for a large painting by Paolo Veronese. The architect Robert de Cotte began working on the room in 1710. Work was completed in 1736. The Room has been the scene of many glittering events in the history of Versailles.

The large room is on the ground floor (first floor) of the Palace. It measures 18m x 14m x 45m. A chapel once stood on the site. The Hercules Room connects the royal chapel and the North Wing of the palace with the Grand Apartment of the King. Architect Robert de Cotte started work on the room in 1710. The project was set aside in 1715 when Louis XIV died. Work resumed in 1724. Louis XV hired architect Jacques Gabriel, marble worker Claude-Félix Tarlé, and sculptors Jacques Verberckt and François-Antoine Vassé to complete the room. The room is in the style of the Hall of Mirrors. 

Louis XIV wanted this room to be a showcase for a large painting by Paolo Veronese called "Meal at the House of Simon the Pharisee". This picture was painted for the refectory (dining hall) of the Servite Convent in Venice in 1570. In 1664, the Doge gave it to Louis XIV. He wanted the king to support him in a war with the Turks. Veronese's "Eliezer and Rebecca" hangs above the fireplace on the wall opposite "Simon". 

"Simon" is a large painting. It measures 4.5 m x 9.7 m. The painting was once displayed in the Apollo Gallery of the Louvre. It was hung in the Hercules Room in 1730. It was removed in 1832. It was sent at that time back to the Louvre. In 1961 "Simon" was returned to the Hercules Room. In 1994 the painting was restored.

The room was completed in 1736 with a painted ceiling called "Apotheosis of Hercules". This was painted by François Lemoyne. The painting gave the room its name. The King was pleased with the ceiling. He appointed Lemoyne First Painter. Lemoyne however did not live long enough to enjoy the honor. He committed suicide shortly after the appointment. 

The coving is decorated with representations of the Four Princely Virtues: Justice, Fortitude, Constancy, and Courage. These are separated by Cupids pointing to the Labors of Hercules. In the center of the ceiling, Hercules arrives in his chariot on Mount Olympus. Jupiter offers his daughter Hebe in marriage to the hero. Mars and Vulcan observe the fall of demons and vices. Apollo sits on the steps of the Temple of Memory.

"Apotheosis" is the largest ceiling painted on canvas in Europe480 square meters of surface area. It depicts some 140 figures representing the gods and goddesses of Olympus. They have gathered for the arrival of Hercules after his successful labors raised him to the rank of God. The piece was seen as a metaphorical allusion to the merits of the French King.


Robert de Cotte

Robert de Cotte (1656 – 15 July 1735) was a French architect-administrator. He introduced the Rococo style. He was a pupil of Jules Hardouin-Mansart. He later became his teacher's brother-in-law and his collaborator. De Cotte married Hardouin-Mansart's sister. After Hardouin-Mansart's death, de Cotte completed his unfinished projects. These included the royal chapel at Versailles and the Grand Trianon.

Paolo Veronese

Paolo Veronese (1528 – 19 April 1588) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance. He was a Venetian. He is remembered for paintings such as "The Wedding at Cana" and "The Feast in the House of Levi". He became known as "Veronese" from his birthplace in Verona. His best works are elaborate narratives. These are executed in a dramatic and colorful Mannerist style. They are full of majestic architectural settings and pageantry. His large paintings of biblical feasts are especially notable.


Hill Top

Hill Top is a 17th-century Lakeland farm once in the possession of children's author Beatrix Potter. She bought the farm house as a retreat from London in 1896 at a time when she was making a significant amount of money from her stories. She used the farm as a place to develop her stories. Many of these stories (such as "Jemima Puddleduck" and "Tom Kitten") were set on the farm. Farm furniture, the ponds, and other elements were used as props in her books. 

Potter married William Heelis when she was 47. She moved across the road to Castle Cottage. She kept Hill Top though to house her collections of china, the "Two Bad Mice" doll house furniture, and other things. She continued to use the house as a retreat. She willed the houses and a large acreage to the National Trust in 1944. Hill Top is located near Sawrey in Cumbria. It is between Esthwaite Water and Windermere, 2 miles south-east of Hawksmoor.


The Yew Tree Ball

The Yew Tree Ball () was a masked ball. It was held in the Hall of Mirrors at Versailles on the night of 25-26 February 1745. Fifteen thousand people waited in the Hercules Room for the ball to begin. King Louis XV and several of his gentlemen courtiers attended dressed as topiary yew trees. The ball is notorious for being the venue in which the king made contact with Jeanne-Antoinette Poisson. He had first seen her while hunting at Senart. On 14 September 1745, Poisson was officially presented to the Court as the Marquise de Pompadour. She was the king’s official mistress until her death in 1764. 


Flávia Alessandra

Flávia Alessandra Martins da Costa (born June 7, 1974 in Arraial do Cabo) is a Brazilian actress.

Fernanda Montenegro

Arlette Pinheiro Esteves Torres (born October 16, 1929 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actress. She is best known for her leading role in "Central Station", for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.

Clock Cabinet

The Clock Cabinet is a room at Versailles. It is one of the rooms in the king's private cabinets. An astronomical clock stands in the room. Louis XV took great interest in astronomy. The clock shows the time, the day of the week, the month, the year and the moon's quarter. In the crystal globe at the top, the planets can be seen moving around the sun according to Copernicus.

The clock was designed by Claude-Siméon Passemant, the King's engineer. It was made by the clock-maker Louis Dauthiau. The bronze casing was made by Jacques and Philippe II Caffiéri. The clock was used to determine the first official time system throughout the kingdom. The entire fixture measures over two meters tall.

The Academy of Science examined and approved the clock in August 1749. The Duc de Chaulnes presented it to Louis XV on 7 September 1750. It was put in the clock cabinet in 1754. The room actually got its name because of the large astronomical clock dials in the wainscoting. These clocks displayed the sunrises and moonrises every day. The king's scientific interests led him to upgrade that daily experience by having the Passemant clock installed in the room.

In 1692, the room was an Antechamber and part of Louis XIV's Art Cabinet. In 1738, it was remodeled into an oval-shaped drawing room. In 1760, it found its present form. The paneling is by Verberckt and Rousseau. The overdoors are copies of the Diana story originally painted by Boucher. The furniture in the room includes hunting tables ordered by Louis XV from Slodtz, Foliot, and Roumier. A Sèvres bisque equestrian statue depicting Frederic II stands in the room. Another equestrian statue in the room depicts Louis XV. It is a small copy by Vassé after Bouchardon's statue that stands in the Place de la Concorde.


Victoria (name)

Victoria [ vik-tawr-ee-"uh" ] is a female given name. It is Latin for "victory" and feminine for male name "Victor". Victoria is a name that has enjoyed widespread popularity for hundreds of years, and it has a fascinating background and significance. The name Victoria comes from the Latin term "victoria," which translates to "winning or triumph." This name has always been linked to attributes such as fortitude, might, and accomplishment in various eras. The name Victoria has a lot of variants, such as the short form "Vicky". This name was ranked #43 on the US Popular Names in 2021. There are several Queens, several Princesses and many other famous people under this female name. As "Vicky", the name is being used for Atlantic Basin tropical cyclones.


Reims – Prunay Aerodrome

Reims – Prunay Aerodrome () is an airfield serving the city of Reims. It is east-southeast of Reims, near Prunay, both communes in the Marne department in the Champagne-Ardenne region in northeastern France.

It is a class D aerodrome open to general aviation traffic with no commercial airline service scheduled. Also, it hosts the factory of Reims Aviation.

The airport is above mean sea level. It has one paved runway which is long. It also has a parallel unpaved runway measuring .

Tetuin

Tetuin is a flavone. It is a type of flavonoid. It is the 6-O-glucoside of baicalein. It can be isolated from the seeds of "Oroxylum indicum", the Indian trumpetflower, known as टेटु "tetu" in Marathi.

Bulbophyllum evasum

Bulbophyllum evasum is a species of orchid in the genus "Bulbophyllum".


Atlantic City, New Jersey

Atlantic City is a city in New Jersey, United States. It officially became a city in 1854 when a new railroad connected it to Philadelphia. Atlantic City is an internationally renowned resort city for gambling, conventions, and leisure. The city also served as the inspiration for the original version of the board game "Monopoly". Atlantic City is on Absecon Island on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean.

, the city has a population of 38,497. There were 274,534 people living in the Atlantic City–Hammonton Metropolitan Statistical Area as of the 2020 Census.

The three road routes into Atlantic City are the Black Horse Pike/Harding Highway (US 322/40), White Horse Pike (US 30), and the Atlantic City Expressway. Atlantic City is roughly south of New York City by road (via the Garden State Parkway), southeast of Philadelphia. 

Wholesale

Wholesale is the sale of large numbers of goods to retailers. The retailer then sells small amounts of the goods to individual users or consumers. A wholesaler often buys goods direct from the factory or the farm. The wholesaler can put together, sort or grade the products. The wholesaler will repack and redistribute the goods in smaller lots. Wholesalers usually have large individual warehouses to do this work. Food wholesalers often are located together at large markets.

Wholesalers used to be closer to where the retail goods were sold than they were to the factories or farms. Since internet sales have increased there are a number of wholesalers setting up near factories in China and Taiwan.

In banking, wholesale banking means services provided to large companies. Retail banking is services provided to small businesses or individuals.

Some examples of wholesale retailers include Costco, Sam's Club, and BJ's Wholesale Club

Network News Transfer Protocol

The Network News Transfer Protocol is a computer protocol that was used to create groups that could exchange news articles between people. It is not in very common usage now, but was commonly used in the late 1980s and 1990s. Many internet service providers still provide a NNTP server for their customers, and commercial Usenet services exist.

Workhouse

The workhouse was a place which offered housing and work to people who did not have any. They began in England and Wales during the 17th century. The first use of the word "workhouse" was in a report by the mayor of Abingdon in 1631 on the building of a workhouse in the town.

The beginnings of the workhouse go back to the Poor Law Act of 1388. This was designed to help solve a shortage of workers after the Black Death. It made it difficult for them to move about the country, and stopped them from looking for higher paid work somewhere else. This led to the state being responsible for the welfare of the poor. After the Napoleonic Wars there was a lot of unemployment. There was also unemployment caused by machines taking over work from farm workers. In the 1830s' there was also a series of bad harvests. These things put too much pressure on the existing ways of looking after poor people. 

New laws were passed, the New Poor Law of 1834, to try to deal with the problem. People would only be given help if they went into the workhouse to live. Some places hoped to make a profit from the workhouse by using the free labor of the people. Most did not have skills to get normal jobs, so workhouse jobs included breaking rocks into small stones, breaking bones to make fertilizer, or pulling apart old rope to reuse the fibre. This old rope, known as oakum, was used to pack joints in ship building to keep them watertight. A metal spike was used to unpick the rope, and the nickname for the workhouse was the spike.

Life in a workhouse was not meant to be easy. It was made hard so only the very poor with no hope of finding work would go there for help. Workhouse inmates had no rights in the workhouse and were subjected to strict rules and harsh punishments. However the workhouse did provide free medical care and education for the children. This sort of help was not available to poor people outside the workhouse system. Charles Dickens book Oliver Twist famously includes a chapter set in a workhouse. The reform increased non-violent property crimes, mostly poaching, by 17% This was worst when there was no work in farming.

Towards the end of the 1800s, the workhouses became filled with the old and sick, rather than unemployed poor people. In 1929 the laws were changed and the workhouses became hospitals. Some workhouses were renamed Public Assistance Institutions. These finally disappeared when the National Assistance act of 1948 was passed.

Ingrid

Ingrid [ ing-grid ] is a name for girls or women. The name comes from "Ingfriar" in Old Norse. "Ing" means Norse deity. "Friar" means beautiful. 

Ingrid is a lovely and distinctive moniker that has enjoyed widespread popularity in Scandinavian nations for many centuries. The appellation Ingrid originates from the Old Norse name Ingríðr, which translates to "charming goddess" or "elegant lady". It is a name that radiates power, loveliness, and elegance, rendering it an ideal selection for any infant girl. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

Many famous people have been named Ingrid. One of them being Ingrid Bergman. Others include Ingrid Cruz and Ingrid Michaelson. A hurricane with the name hit eastern Mexico in September 2013. The storm killed 32 and caused $1.5 billion in damage. The name "Ingrid" was then retired.


Facelift (album)

Facelift is the debut studio album by American rock band, Alice in Chains. "Facelift" was released on August 21, 1990. The album featured the singles "We Die Young", "Man in the Box", "Bleed the Freak" and "Sea of Sorrow".

Facelift became the first grunge album to be certified platinum. It has also gone on to been certified double-platinum by the RIAA for shipments of two million copies in the United States.


Dirt (album)

Dirt is the second studio album by American rock band, Alice in Chains. "Dirt" was released on September 29, 1992. The album featured the singles "Would?", "Them Bones", "Angry Chair", "Rooster", and "Down in a Hole".

Dirt is currently the band's highest selling album to date and has gone on to sell 5 million copies worldwide. The album was certified four-times platinum by the RIAA.

Dirt was the final album to feature Mike Starr on bass before he was kicked out of the band and replaced by former Ozzy Osbourne bassist Mike Inez.

The album was also included in the 2005 book "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die" and was ranked #1 on Guitar World magazine's top ten list of guitar albums of 1992


Alice in Chains (album)

Alice in Chains is the self-titled third studio album by American rock band, Alice in Chains. "Alice in Chains" was released on November 7, 1995. The album featured the singles "Grind", "Heaven Beside You", "Over Now" and "Again".

The album was certified two-times platinum by the RIAA.

"Alice in Chains" was the last album to feature lead singer Layne Staley. He was later found dead of a heroin overdose on April 5, 2002. The next album, "Black Gives Way to Blue" was released in 2009, with new vocalist William DuVall.

The album is sometimes referred to as "Tripod" because of Jerry Cantrell's three-legged dog on the front cover and Frank Lentini on the back cover.


Florence (given name)

Florence [ flawr-"uh"ns, flor- ] is a French or English female given name. It is from the Latin word "floreo", which means "flower". The name also comes from the city of Florence in Italy. It was most popular in the U.S. between 1900 and 1940. It is still popular in Canada and England. The name was used for many tropical cyclones in the Atlantic Basin until 2018. This name was ranked #713 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

In 2018 Hurricane Florence struck North and South Carolina. It killed over 50 people. It caused around $18 billion in damage.


Beauty contest

A beauty contest or beauty pageant, is a public contest to decide which person is the most beautiful. Usually, the entrants are young females, but there are some contests for men. Each contests has its own rules as to who may enter, and what the prizes are. A person who enters a beauty contest or pageant is called a contestant.

The usual reason for holding such contests is to create publicity for the organisation which runs the contest. The contests are often shown on television and reported (with photographs) in newspapers. The first local event was probably in the United States in the late 19th century. 1880 in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware has been claimed.

With most contests the criteria for judging is physical appearance, plus some judgement of personality. "Beauty Queen" is a term often used to describe the winners. Usually the winner acts as a publicity representative for the year following the contest. Examples are:


There are many local events round the world.

Steve Braun

Steve Braun (born August 14, 1976) is a Canadian television and movie actor from Winnipeg, Manitoba. Braun's credits include "The Immortal", a TV series in which he and co-star Lorenzo Lamas hunted demons; "The Trip", an independent movie about coming of age in the HIV age; and "Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle" (2004), a major motion picture in which he plays the lead villain. In addition, he starred as Brian Kelly in the 2004 thriller "The Skulls III". He also played the role of "Jonsey" in the 2007 thriller movie "". He also co-starred in the 2005 horror movie "Pterodactyl" as Willis Bradbury.

Braun was cast in a recurring guest role in The WB series "Twins", as Jordan, the love interest of Mitchee Arnold, played by Sara Gilbert. The series was broadcast from September 16, 2005 until May, 2006.

Braun was also in the movie "The Skulls III" as Brian.

Jacques Gabriel

Jacques Gabriel (1667–1767) was a French architect. He designed a lot of buildings in Paris.

Michelle Jacques Gabriel, is a designer, painter, architect and architect of the 17th and 18th centuries. He was one of the most prominent designers of the Versailless Palace in his lifetime. For his unique creativity and selflessness, he has always been attended by Louis XIV And eventually he became a trusted advisor to the king. He made important contributions to the king during his years of service, which is one of the most important works in the construction of the Versailles palace, which once served as the lobby of the fourteenth.

Michel had a mission to build the Versailles Palace throughout his life, he was also the first designer of the city's bridges in Paris. Interestingly, Gabriel's son (Ange Jacob Gabriel) continued his father's journey, and in this regard, like his father, completing the Versailles palace at the time of Louis 14 It has 15 significant roles. The Gabriel family is also home to the Cathedral of La Rochelle, the Royal Opera Royal Opera House and the Petit Trianon Palace, built on the palace of Versailles.

Isabel

Isabel (or Isabelle) [ iz-"uh"-bel ] is a female given name. It comes from the Hebrew name "Elisheva". "Elisheva" is often translated to "Elizabeth", of which Isabel is a division. There are many royal figures or queens with the name or its variants. Isabel is a name of great beauty that has enjoyed popularity for centuries. It has been embraced by diverse cultures, each giving it their own unique interpretation. The name Isabel originates from the Hebrew name Elisheba, which translates to "God is my oath." Over time, this name has been adopted by numerous cultures, such as the Spanish, Portuguese, and English. There are also many other famous people by Isabel and its related names. As "Isabel", this name was used on two Atlantic tropical cyclones. The 2003 storm was so damaging that the name was later retired.


François Lemoyne

François Lemoyne or François Le Moine (1688 – 4 June 1737) was a French rococo painter. He became First Painter to the King and worked with other artists of the era. However, the excess of work, court intrigues at Versailles, and the death of his wife drove him to madness. He committed suicide in Paris in 1737 by stabbing himself seven times, six months after finishing the ceiling painting "The Apotheosis of Hercules" in the Hercules Room in the Great Apartment of the King. With his death, the fashion of large allegorical ceilings disappeared.



Michael Winner

Michael Robert Winner (30 October 1935 – 21 January 2013) was an English movie director, producer, writer, editor, actor and restaurant critic. He was known for his work on the "Death Wish movie series". 

Winner was born on 30 October 1935 in Hampstead, London, England. His parents were Jewish immigrants: his mother was Polish and his father was of Russian descent. He studied at St Christopher School, Letchworth, and Downing College, Cambridge. He was married to Geraldine Lynton-Edwards from 2011 until his death in 2013. Winner retired in December 2012 and died on 21 January 2013 in Kensington, London, England from a liver illness, aged 77.


The George Inn

The George Inn is a public house in Southwark, London. It is on the east side of Borough High Street, close to London Bridge. It is the last galleried inn in London. It stands on a site where Shakespeare was said to have once acted in a similar galleried inn. The present inn was built in 1677. It was an important coaching post in the past. Charles Dickens speaks of the inn in "Little Dorrit".

The inn's long wooden exterior galleries are the only means of moving from one room to another on the first and second floors. A Victorian coffee room is downstairs. Upstairs, there is a large paneled dining room. The George Inn is owned by the National Trust.


The King's Head

The King's Head is a National Trust property in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England. The King's Head is a typical coaching inn. It has a large stable yard and an arched entrance high and wide enough to admit coaches. A window in the bar contains 15th century glass depicting angels bearing the arms of Henry VI and his queen, Margaret of Anjou. This glass and some parts of the building date to 1450. An exposed section of wattle-and-daub may be viewed. The King's Head is reached through a narrow passageway at the Aylesbury market square.

Suzuki Baleno

The Suzuki Baleno is a car produced by Suzuki. It was first introduced in 1995, and replaced by the Suzuki Liana in 2001. Suzuki again started making Suzuki Baleno in 2015 and introduced at Frankfurt Motor Show.

Suzuki Baleno was first sold in India starting from 24 October 2015 and then sold in Japan starting from 9 March 2016. It became availble in Europe from April 2016 and in United Kingdom from June 2016.

It comes with a 3 cylinder 1000cc Petrol engine and has 6 speed automatic transmission. Fuel tank can hold 37 Litres of petrol at a time.

Suzuki Baleno has a top speed of 170 kmph and can accelerate from 0 - 100 kmph in 11.4 seconds. It has an average fuel consumption of 14 - 18 kilometres per Litre of petrol.

Euro NCAP gave 4 out of 5 stars for the safety of Suzuki Baleno in 2016. It has front and side airbags to cover the head and chest of driver and front passenger. In addition it has automatic braking system to avoid collisions.

The Fifer

The Fifer or Young Flautist (1866) is an oil painting by French painter Édouard Manet. It hangs in the Musée d'Orsay, Paris, France.

Manet painted "The Fifer" after a trip to Spain he made in 1865. There he discovered the work of Diego Velázquez. Manet reflected the influence of Spanish painting in "The Fifer". The painting was rejected by the jury of the Paris Salon in 1866. The painting was exhibited in 1867. Manet died in 1883. In 1884, "The Fifer" was seen at the major retrospective exhibition of Manet's work organized as a tribute.

The rejection by the Salon jury caused the writer Émile Zola to publish a series of articles in defense of Manet in the newspaper "L'Événement".

Between 1873 and 1893, the painting was held by Jean-Baptiste Faure, a French composer and baritone, friend of Manet. In 1893, it was returned to the collection of art dealer Durand-Ruel. The painting was acquired in 1894 by Count Isaac de Camondo. It remained in his collection until 1911. That year it was donated to the French state. The painting was intended for the Musée du Louvre. It was not exhibited to the general public until 1914.

In 1947, the painting was moved to the Galerie nationale du Jeu de Paume. This museum is a showroom located in the Jardin des Tuileries and belonging to the Louvre. It remained there until 1986. It then was brought to the Musée d'Orsay with the rest of the Impressionist paintings in the Louvre. It can currently be seen in the Musée d'Orsay.

Manet portrayed an anonymous character: a teenage musician of the band of the Imperial Guard. The lad was sent to Manet by commander Lejosne. He was "treated like a grandee of Spain." Additional models may have also posed for the figure. The likenesses of both Léon Leenhoff (Manet's stepson) and Victorine Meurent (Manet's preferred model) have been seen in the boy's face and figure.

Sandra Orienti declares, ""The Fifer" is one of Manet's most famous paintings, and it is also one of his most daring works: here ... can be found a synthesis of all that is most complex in his vocabulary." She points out that the band boy's uniform is painted in red, black, and white with decorations in dull gold. The figure and its dress contrasts with the vague, undefined background. The lad has no support for himself except himself. "[h]is form ... seems to create a double dimension, the first being the small figure of the boy, the second his eyes and the spectator's eyes meeting between the rather crudely painted eyelids."

Puerto Varas

Puerto Varas is a city and commune of Chile with 32.912 inhabitants according with the INE census of 2002.


Julie

The name Julie is a French female given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ joo-lee ]. It comes from the Latin name "Julia". "Julia" means "youthful" or "soft haired" in Latin. The name Julie and its variants are feminine for the masculine name "Julius". Julie is very popular in the United States. The name was particularly popular between 1951 and 1991. Its variant, "Julia", has been in the top 100 female names dating back to 1980. Julie and its related names are being used by many famous people. They include Julie Andrews and Julie Benz. As "Julia" the name is currently being used for Atlantic Basin tropical cyclones. This name was ranked #658 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


The Balcony

The Balcony is an 1868 oil painting by the French painter Édouard Manet. It was exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1869. The painting depicts four figures. On the left is Berthe Morisot, who became in 1874 the wife of Manet's brother, Eugène. In the centre is the painter Jean Baptiste Antoine Guillemet. On the right is Fanny Claus, a violist. The fourth figure in the background is possibly Leon Leenhoff, Manet's stepson. It was sold by Gustave Caillebotte in 1884. It hangs at this time in Paris at the Musée d'Orsay.

The painting was inspired by "The Majas at the Balcony" by Francisco Goya. It was created at the same time and with the same purpose as "Luncheon in the studio". The three characters were all friends of Manet. They seem to be disconnected from each other. Berthe Morisot, on the left, looks like a romantic and inaccessible heroine, the young violinist Fanny Claus and the painter Antoine Guillemet seem to display indifference. The boy in the background is Manet's stepson, Léon. Just behind the railings, there are a hydrangea and a dog with a ball.

A study for "The Balcony", "The Portrait of Mademoiselle Claus", is in the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford. The portrait’s subject is Fanny Claus, the closest friend of Manet’s wife Suzanne Leenhoff. This unfinished portrait was painted as a study for the finished picture. 

Following Manet’s premature death in 1883, the portrait was bought in a studio sale by the artist John Singer Sargent. The portrait had only been seen once in public since it was first painted in 1868. In 2012 the Ashmolean Museum succeeded in raising the funds to acquire it and keep it permanently in a public collection in the United Kingdom.

This was the first time Berthe Morisot posed for Manet. Manet's "Luncheon in the studio" was the work of an innovator but "The Balcony" was not. Unlike Morisot, the three other figures are pale and undistinguished. Orienti writes, "Guillemet looks pompous and stupid, Jenny Clauss a stereotype, and the painting as a whole seems to suffer from the uneven distribution of the figures." The press considered the painting "discordant". The contrast of colors (the background completely black, the white faces and clothes, the blue tie of the man, and the green railings) contributes to create an atmosphere of "mystery".

Lord's Resistance Army

The Lord's Resistance Army is a paramilitary group, and a new religious movement. Joseph Kony founded it in 1987, in the north of Uganda, to fight against the government, headed by president Yoweri Museveni. The group operates in Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in South Sudan. It wants to establish an independent state which is governed by laws based on the Ten Commandments. There is an insurgency called Lord's Resistance Army insurgency, which was basically caused by the group. Uganda was able to evict the group, but it continues to terrorize the population in the other countries where it is active. In conjunction with the conflict, the group is also said to have committed several grave abuses of human rights.It has been accused of widespread human rights violations, including murder, abduction, mutilation, child-sex slavery and forcing children to participate in hostilities.

The group is led by Joseph Kony, who proclaims himself the spokesman of God and a spirit medium. Since 1987, Kony is believed to have recruited between 60,000 and 100,000 child soldiers and displaced around 2 million people throughout central Africa. The LRA is one of the foreign organizations designated as terrorist by the United States, and its leadership is wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes and crimes against humanity.

Michael Dukakis

Michael Stanley Dukakis (, born November 3, 1933) served as the 65th and 67th Governor of Massachusetts, from 1975 to 1979 and 1983 to 1991. He is the longest-serving Governor in Massachusetts and only the second Greek-American governor in United States history, after Spiro Agnew.

In 1988, he was the Democratic nominee for President, but lost to Republican then–Vice President, George H. W. Bush.

Dukakis was mentioned as candidate for Massachusetts Senator for a possible interim successor to Ted Kennedy, after Kennedy's death but Governor Deval Patrick chose Paul G. Kirk, the other candidate and a favorite of the Kennedy Family.

In 2008, he talked about his defeat in an interview with Katie Couric, in which he said he "owe[d] the American people an apology" because "if I had beaten the old man, we never would have heard of the kid, and we wouldn't be in this mess."


Tangail District

Tangail () is a district in the central region of Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Jamalpur District

Jamalpur () is a district in the Mymensingh Division of Bangladesh. It was originally established in 1869.

Sherpur District

Sherpur () is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Kishoreganj District

Kishorganj () is a district in central Bangladesh. It is a part of the Dhaka Division.

Netrokona District

Netrakona is a district in northeast Bangladesh. It is a part of the Mymensingh Division.

St Pancras Church, Ipswich

Saint Pancras is a Catholic church covering the town centre of Ipswich, England.

When it was built, the church was supposed to be used as the Catholic cathedral for the East of England.

Venus Consoling Love

Venus Consoling Love or The Bath of Venus is a painting by François Boucher. It is signed and dated 1751. It measures 107 x 84.8 cm (42 1/8 x 33 3/8 in.) It hangs in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. The painting once belonged to Mme de Pompadour. Boucher was Pompadour's favorite artist. The painting may have been intended for her apartment at Versailles or for her chateau at Bellevue.

She allegedly posed for the painting. It is more likely Venus was a product of Boucher's imagination. The technical dexterity evident in the painting is the principal charm of Rococo art.

"Boucher's success in communicating the charm and sensuality of the nude lies in his mastery of color and fluid brushstrokes ... The painting exemplifies the rococo love of asymmetric lines and sinuous curves, artfully arranged to seduce both the eye and the mind of the beholder."

Gilbert

Gilbert [ gil-bert ] is a British Isles male given name. It means "the bright pledge", or “the bright promise” in Germanic. Many famous people have carried the name, including W. S. Gilbert. There is also a Spanish form, Gilberto. It was used on a powerful Atlantic hurricane that struck the Caribbean and Mexico in 1988. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Gilbert is Caillou's pet cat that appears in the popular television show "Caillou".

Felicity (given name)

Felicity [ fi-lis-i-tee ] is an English female given name. It means "happiness". The name is derived from the Latin name "Felicitas". "Felicitas" is the name for an Ancient Roman goddess. This female name was at 236 in popularity for girls around England and Wales. The name was 390th in popularity on girls in the United States for 1999. Felicity is a female form of the male name "Felix". The name Felicity is the name of a character played by Keri Russell. This name was ranked #441 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Stentor

Stentor is a genus of filter-feeding ciliates. They are usually horn-shaped, and reaching lengths of 2 millimeters, they are among the biggest known unicellular organisms.

They are a type of protist ciliate in the heterotrich class. The old-fashioned name for them was trumpet animalcules.

The body is horn-shaped, with a ring of prominent cilia around the anterior "bell" that sweeps in food and helps swimming. Some reach several millimeters in length, making them among the largest single celled organisms. As in many freshwater protozoans, Stentor has a contractile vacuole. Because the concentration of salt inside the cell and in the surrounding freshwater is different, Stentor must store water that enters it by osmosis and then discharge it from the vacuole. They can regenerate, and small fragments can grow into full organisms. Each cell has one (often elongated) macronucleus and several micronuclei. Having two types of nuclei is charcteristic of ciliates.

Daming Sunusi

Muhammad Daming Sunusi (born in Bulukumba, South Sulawesi, Indonesia, June 1, 1952) is a judge from Indonesia. He became controversial for his words "rape victims and perpetrators alike, enjoy" in the House of Representatives at the fit and proper test as a potential Supreme Court Justice. 


Japan Airlines

Japan Airlines () is the flag carrier of Japan. Its headquarters are in Shinagawa, Tokyo, Japan. The airline and four of its sub-airlines (J-Air, JAL Express, JALways, and Japan Transocean Air) are members of the Oneworld airline alliance. Japan Airlines currently goes to over 90 destinations. 

Japan Airlines began on August 1, 1951. In 1954, it started international flights. It bought its first jet aircraft in 1968, the Douglas DC-8. Japan Air System merged with Japan Airlines in 2002. In 2007, it joined the Oneworld alliance. In January 2010, Japan Airlines declared bankruptcy. British Airways and Qantas helped the airline pay off debts. It finally got out of bankruptcy in April 2011. 


Panchagarh District

Panchagarh is a district located in the Rangpur Division of northern Bangladesh. Established as a district on February 1, 1984, it is the northernmost district in the country. The district spans an area of 1,404.62 km² and is bounded on three sides by the Indian border, with Darjeeling district to the north, Jalpaiguri and Cooch Behar districts to the northeast, Uttar Dinajpur to the west, Dinajpur and Thakurgaon districts to the south, and Nilphamari district to the east.

Panchagarh has two main beliefs about how it received its name. The first is that it was named after an area called Pancha Nagari in the kingdom of Pundu Nagar, and the second is that it was named after the five forts (garh) in the region, including Bhitargarh, Hosaingarh, Mirgarh, Rajangarh, and Devengarh.

The district was part of the Jalpaiguri district during the British Raj in undivided Bengal. In 1911, Jalpaiguri was fully established as a thana, and the headquarters of the Jalpaiguri thana was situated in Jagdal upazila of the current Panchagarh district. The thana was later relocated to the bank of Karatoya River in its current position for environmental and transportation benefits.

Geographically, Panchagarh is located in the lower basin of the Himalayas and has highlands compared to the rest of Bangladesh. The soil composition is distinct, with rich sand and stones. The district consists of five upazilas, 43 unions, 420 mauzas, 825 villages, two paurashavas, 18 wards, and 64 mahallas. It has 16 rivers, including the Karatoya, Atrai, Teesta, Nagor, Mahananda, Tangon, Dahuk, Pathraj, Bhulli, Talma, Chawai, Kurum, Tirnoi, and Chilka. The length of the border between Bangladesh and India in Panchagarh is 286.87 km (178.25 mi), designed by Sir Cyril John Radcliffe in 1947.

Thakurgaon District

Thakurgaon () is a district in the north-western side of Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rangpur Division and borders India to the west.

Nilphamari District

Nilphamari () is a district in northern bengal of Bangladesh. It is part of the Rangpur Division.

Lalmonirhat District

Lalmonirhat () is a district on the northern border of Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rangpur Division.

Kurigram District

Kurigram () is a district in northern Bangladesh. It is in the Rangpur Division.

Gaibandha District

Gaibandha () is a district in northern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rangpur Division.

Skymark Airlines

Skymark Airlines or Sky is a low-cost Japanese airline founded in 1998. It is partly owned by the Japanese travel company H.I.S.


Claire

The name Claire is a female given name. It is pronounced [ klair ]. It means "clear" in French. The popularity of the name in United Kingdom peaked in the 1970s and 1980s. Around 1997, the name fell out of the top 100 girls' names there. Many famous people have this name. This name was ranked #59 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

One of them is the actress Claire Danes.


Yakushima

Yakushima is a World Heritage Site south of Kyushu in southern Japan.

Chibi Maruko-chan

Chibi Maruko-chan (Little Maruko) is an anime broadcast on Sunday evenings in Japan. It is about a elementary school student and her family.

Japanese literature

Japanese literature is literature written in the Japanese language. Early Japanese literature was a lot like Chinese literature because Japan and China had a lot of contact. Over time, Japanese literature became a new style that was different from Chinese literature. 

Female authors were successful during the Heian period. When the Imperial Court became less powerful, female authors were less successful.


Shusaku Endo

Shūsaku Endō ( "", 27 March 1923 – 29 September 1996) was a Japanese writer known mainly for his novels. Endō is categorised as one of the "Third Generation" writers, the third major group of writers who appeared after World War II.

The Oval (Belfast)

The Oval is a football ground in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It is the home of Glentoran F.C.

Euglenozoa

The Euglenozoa are a large phylum of flagellate protists. They are part of the wastebasket taxon known as the Protozoa, which had many obviously different protists.

Euglenozoa include a variety of common free-living species, and some important parasites, of which a few infect humans. There are two main subgroups, the Euglenoidea "euglenids" and Kinetoplastea "kinetoplastids". Euglenozoa are unicellular, mostly around 1540 µm in size, although some euglenids get up to 500 µm long.

Most Euglenozoa have two flagella, parallel to one another in a pocket-like structure. In some there is a cytostome or mouth, used to eat bacteria or other small organisms. This is supported by a microtubule from the flagellar bases; two other tubules support the dorsal and ventral surfaces of the cell.

Some other Euglenozoa feed through absorption, and many euglenids have chloroplasts and so get energy by photosynthesis. These chloroplasts are surrounded by three membranes and contain chlorophylls "A" and "C", and other pigments, so are probably evolved from those of a captured green alga. Reproduction occurs only by cell division. During mitosis, the nuclear membrane remains intact, and the spindle microtubules form inside it.

The group is characterized by the ultrastructure of the flagella. In addition to the normal supporting microtubules, each contains a rod (called "paraxonemal"), which has a tubular structure in one flagellum and a latticed structure in the other.

The euglenozoa are generally accepted as monophyletic. They are related to Percolozoa. The two share mitochondria with disk-shaped compartments, which only occurs in a few other groups. Both probably belong to a larger group of eukaryotes called the Excavata. This grouping has been challenged.

Commodore 64

The Commodore 64 was a bestselling, 8-bit home computer from the 1980s. It was created by Commodore International, and it entered the market in 1982. Around 17 million units are believed to have been sold. The Commodore 64 is often credited with making personal computers popular amongst the masses. This quality sparked comparisons with the Ford Model T. The Commodore 64 was offered at relatively low prices, and was available in malls, department stores, and toy stores instead of solely in the shops of authorized dealers.


Kinetoplastid

The kinetoplastids are a group of single-cell flagellate eukaryotes. They include a number of parasites responsible for serious diseases in humans and other animals. There are also forms found in soil and aquatic environments. They are members of the phylum Euglenozoa. 

Their main distinguishing feature is the presence of a kinetoplast, a DNA-containing granule inside the single mitochondrion at the base of the cell's flagella (the basal body).

The kinetoplastids were first defined by Honigberg in 1961 as the flagellate order Kinetoplastida. They are traditionally divided into the biflagellate Bodonidae and uniflagellate Trypanosomatidae. 

The Trypanosomatidae includes several genera which are exclusively parasitic. "Trypanosoma brucei" causes Sleeping sickness; "Trypanosoma cruzi" causes Chagas disease, "Leishmania" causes leishmaniasis, "Crithidia" is parasitic on insects, and "Cryptobia" is an ectoparasite on the gills of fish.

"Bodo" is typical of the free-living Bodonids, and includes various species which feed on bacteria. 

Captain George K. H. Coussmaker

Captain George K. H. Coussmaker (1782) is an oil painting by Joshua Reynolds. Coussmaker was born in London in 1759 to Evert and Mary Coussmaker. He entered the military in 1776. He was promoted several times. He never saw active service. He retired in 1795. He married Catherine Southwell in 1790. They had two children, George and Sophia (later, the Baroness de Clifford). He died in 1801. 

Coussmaker sat for Reynolds 21 times and his horse 8 times between February 9 and April 16. Reynolds was paid 205 pounds. Another 10 guineas was paid for the frame. The portrait remained with Coussmaker and his descendants until 1884. It was then sold to William K. Vanderbilt. Vanderbilt bequeathed to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 1920. Museum curators describe the picture as "an exceptionally fine work ... The composition is complex and the whole vigorously painted."


Pet Shop Boys

Pet Shop Boys are a British synthpop duo: Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe. They formed in London in 1981 after they met in an electronics shop. They have sold 50 million records and are the most successful British music duo of all time. They have won three Brit Awards. They have been nominated for seven Grammy Awards. In 1984 their first single "West End Girls" was released. It reached number one in the UK and US.



Nicole

Nicole [ ni-kohl; "French" nee-kawl ] is a female given name of Greek origin. It means "victorious people". It is the French female version of the boy's name "Nicholas". There are many variants for this female name. Famous persons going by the name include Nicole Sullivan and Nicole Kidman. The name is being used for tropical storms or hurricanes in Atlantic Basin. This name was ranked #340 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


The Dancing Class

The Dancing Class is an oil painting by Edgar Degas painted about 1870. It was the first of his ballet pictures. It depicts a dance class at the Paris Opéra. When he painted this picture, Degas did not yet have privileges to go backstage at the Opéra. In the late 1870s, Degas said, "I have done [painted] so many of these dance examinations without having seen them that I am a little ashamed of it."

Joséphine Gaujelin (or Gozelin) is the dancer in the center of the picture. She waits for the starting note from the ballet master. The watering can (to wet down the rosin on the floor), the top hat as music holder, and the empty violin case are props that Degas would continue to use in his ballet pictures. Degas would re-use the poses in this picture many times.

Diastereomer

Diastereomers (also called diastereoisomers) are stereoisomers which are not enantiomers. They are molecules which have the same atoms and bonds but different stereochemistry in at least one, but not all, of their chiral centres. Diastereomers can have very different properties even though they look similar. This is different from enantiomers, that have exactly the same properties except when in a chiral environment like the human body.

Every chiral centre in a molecule has two possible ways of putting the groups in space. With only one chiral centre, there are two enantiomers. With two chiral centres, you can form 4 different isomers. When all chiral centres are changed at the same time, two pairs of enantiomers are formed. When only one chiral centre is changed at a time, sets of diastereoisomers are formed. With more chiral centres the possibilities are many more.

Diastereoisomers which are different at only one of more chiral centres are called epimers. For example, -Threose and -Erythrose (see picture) are diastereomers because they are different at only one of two chiral centres. Because of this they can also be called epimers.

Rate-determining step

The rate-determining step is the step for which the transition state has the highest energy. It is the slowest step within a chemical reaction. It can be thought of as the most difficult step to go through. It is also the step that must be used to calculate the activation energy.

Knowing which step is rate-determining is very important when studying a reaction mechanism. This is because if this step is changed the reaction can go much faster. This can be done for example by using a different reagent or changing the temperature or pressure. Changing the conditions for any other step of the mechanism will not change the overall speed of the reaction at all.

In the rate equation, which is an equation to calculate the speed of the reaction from the concentration of molecules, usually the only step that is important is the rate-determining one.

Japanese Footbridge

Japanese Footbridge is an oil painting by Claude Monet. It was painted in 1899. It measures 81.3 x 101.6 cm (32 x 40 in.). It hangs in the National Gallery of Art. 

In 1893, Monet moved to a house in rural Giverny. In 1893 and the years following, he turned a swampy area at Giverny into a water lily pool. It became a source of artistic inspiration. 

In 1899 Monet painted 12 works that centered on the garden and the Japanese Footbridge he constructed. The National Gallery of Art writes: "When Monet exhibited these paintings at Durand–Ruel's gallery in 1900, a number of critics mentioned his debt to Japanese art. More telling, the impenetrable green enclosure—heightened in the National Gallery painting by the placement of the top of the bridge's arch just below the painting's top edge—harkens back to the "hortus conclusus" (closed garden) of medieval images, while also evoking a dreamlike contemplative zone consonant with symbolist literature, especially poems such as "Le Nénuphar blanc" by Stéphane Mallarmé. Gustave Geffroy described this effect in his review of the exhibition (Le Journal, November 26, 1900), speaking of "this minuscule pool where some mysterious corollas blossom," and "a calm pool, immobile, rigid, and deep like a mirror, upon which white water lilies blossom forth, a pool surrounded by soft and hanging greenery which reflects itself in it."

Reproductions available in many sizes at Art Studio Gallery La Fayette 
Water Lilies

Water Lilies (or Nymphéas, ) is a series of about 250 oil paintings by French Impressionist Claude Monet. The paintings are of Monet's flower garden at Giverny. They were the main focus of Monet's work during the last thirty years of his life. Many of the works were painted while Monet suffered from cataracts. The paintings are on display in museums all over the world, including the Musée Marmottan Monet and the Musée d'Orsay in Paris, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Carnegie Museum of Art and the National Museum of Wales, among others.

As part of his extensive gardening plans at Giverny, Monet had a pond dug in his garden and planted with lilies in 1893. He painted the subject in 1899, and thereafter it dominated his art. He worked continuously for more than twenty years on a large-scale decorative series, attempting to capture every observation, impression, and reflection of the flowers and water. The series captures the blooms at different times of the day, and under different atmospheric conditions. After much hesitation, Monet exhibited a group of 48 water-lily paintings in 1909 at the Paris gallery of his art dealer, Paul Durand-Ruel. The series became an enormous financial, popular, and critical hit. By the mid-1910s, Monet had achieved a completely new, fluid, and somewhat audacious style of painting in which the water-lily pond became the point of departure for an almost abstract art.




Piper Laurie

Piper Laurie (born Rosetta Jacobs; January 22, 1932 – October 14, 2023) was an American actress. She played Catherine in the television series "Twin Peaks". She acted in the movies "Carrie" and "Children of a Lesser God". She also acted in stage plays. She was married to movie critic Joe Morgenstern from 1962 until they divorced in 1982. She was born in Detroit, Michigan.

During her career, she won a Primetime Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award and BAFTA Award.

Laurie died in Los Angeles, California on October 14, 2023, at the age of 91.

Nighthawks

Nighthawks is an oil painting. It was painted by American realist painter Edward Hopper in 1942. The picture shows two people sitting in a diner late at night. It is Hopper's most famous work. It is one of the most recognizable paintings in American art. Within months of its completion, it was sold to the Art Institute of Chicago for $3,000. It hangs in the Institute.

The Attentive Nurse

The Attentive Nurse is an oil painting by Jean-Baptiste-Siméon-Chardin. It measures 46.2 x 37 cm (18 3/16 x 14 9/16 in.). It was painted in 1747. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, DC. 

The National Gallery tells us that Chardin reveals dignity and beauty in everyday life. The woman is preparing an invalid's meal. Each object receives careful treatment from the artist. The table setting is a harmony of white tones: jug, tablecloth, egg, and plate. Every pot, each piece of crockery has been given distinct treatment. As Diderot wrote of Chardin, "it is not white, red, or black pigment that you mix on your palette, it is the very substance of objects."

Chardin's subjects were popular with all classes of society, including the aristocracy. The National Gallery writes, "Perhaps their appeal rested in their sense of order, of things in their proper place. Chardin anticipated the popularity of paintings of "sensibility," which increased from the 1740s on, telling a colleague that "one uses color, but one paints with sentiment."

Broth

Broth or stock is a tasty soup. It is sometimes defined as the liquid part of soup. It can be made in boiling water by adding meat, fish or vegetables, and taking out the fat. It is sometimes used as an ingredient (or stuff) in recipes to make food taste better.

In Britain, a broth is a soup in which there are solid pieces of meat or fish, with some vegetables. It is usually made with a stock or plain water as its base, with meat or fish added while being brought to a boil, and vegetables added later. Broth is often made more substantial by adding rice, barley or pulses. Broth is distinct from stock, which is a thin liquid made by simmering raw ingredients until all the taste has been got, then sieving the resulting liquid. In Japan, other stuffs such as kelp, dried small sardines and katsuobushi are also used for Japanese dishes, too.

In the United States terms, broths are made from portions of meat, whereas stocks are made from vegetable scraps and bones.


Samuel Loomis

Dr. Samuel James "Sam" Loomis (March 13, 1922 – c. October 29th, 1998) is an fictional British character in the "Halloween". He is one of the main protagonists of "Halloween", "Halloween II", "", "" and "". Donald Pleasence plays the character of Dr. Loomis in all five movies relating to Michael Michael Myers from parts 1-2 and from parts 4-6 (He and Michael did not appear in part 3). 

From all the "Halloween franchise", he is thought to be as the archenemy to the series' central character and main villain, Michael Myers. Dr. Loomis does not appear in the other movies after part six, because his portrayer Donald Pleasence died before part six was released. Malcolm McDowell plays Dr. Loomis in the 2007 re-make, "Halloween" and in its sequel "Halloween II".

His name Samuel Loomis is based on John Gavin's character name from Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 horror movie "Psycho".

The Swing (Fragonard, 1767-1768)

The Swing (1767-1768) is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted in 1767-1768. It measures 81 × 64 cm (31.9 × 25.2 in). The painting depicts a woman kicking off her shoe as she flies up in a swing. A young man gazes up her skirt while another man controls the swing with a rope. It hangs in the Wallace Collection, London.

Walmor Chagas

Walmor Chagas (August 28, 1930 – January 18, 2013) was a Brazilian actor. He was in over 50 movies since his career began in 1965. He is known for his roles in "São Paulo, Sociedade Anônima", "Xica da Silva", "Sonho Meu", "Esperança", "Caminhos do Coração", and in "A Favorita".

In 1956 he was awarded with Prêmio Saci.

Chagas was born on August 28, 1930 in Alegrete, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. Chagas committed suicide by shooting himself in the head on January 18, 2013 in his home in Guaratinguetá, São Paulo, Brazil, aged 81.

The Swing (Fragonard, 1775-1780)

The Swing is an oil painting by Jean Fragonard. It was painted between 1775 and 1780. The picture measures 215.9 x 185.5 cm (85 x 73 1/16 in.). It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC.

Subaru Corporation

Subaru Corporation which used to be named Fuji Heavy Industries is a Japanese manufacturing company that makes Subaru cars, aircraft for the Japanese Self Defence Force, engines, garbage trucks and wind turbines.


The Copper Cistern

The Copper Cistern is an oil painting on oak by Jean-Baptiste-Siméon-Chardin. It was painted in around 1735. It measures 28.5 cm x 23 cm (11.22 in x 9.06 in). It hangs in the Louvre. Chardin chose themes that were popular with all classes of 18th century Parisian society.

A Rage in Harlem

A Rage in Harlem is a 1991 movie starring Forest Whitaker, Danny Glover, Robin Givens and Gregory Hines. The movie is set around 1950s New York City. It was given an R rating by the MPAA. The movie was shot in Cincinnati.

The Cellar Boy

The Cellar Boy is an oil painting on canvas by Jean-Baptiste-Siméon-Chardin. It was painted sometime between 1736 and 1738. It measures 46 cm x 38 cm (18.11 in x 14.96 in). It hangs in a private collection. Chardin chose themes that were popular with all classes of Parisian society. 

Ginza

Ginza is an area of Central (Chuo) Tokyo ward, it is known for its expensive shops.


Soap Bubbles (painting)

Soap Bubbles is an oil painting on canvas by Jean-Baptiste-Simeon-Chardin. It was painted sometime between 1733 and 1735. It measures 93 cm x 74.5 cm (36.61 in x 29.33 in.). It hangs in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, DC. Chardin chose homely subjects that proved popular with all classes of French society. For example, he painted several pictures of boys playing.

The National Gallery of Art writes, "For the 18th–century viewer, bubbles were a form of entertainment. But they also were a symbol of the transience of life. The subject was popular; Chardin made at least three and probably four versions of this painting."

The National Gallery of Art continues: "Chardin has rigorously constructed his composition. The boys are framed by a rectangular stone window, the sharp rectangles offset by the hunched youth whose arms and head form a triangle. This triangular shape is echoed in the hat of the younger boy. The focus of the composition, however, is the circular, translucent bubble, which glistens against the warm brown tones of the canvas."


The Happy Lovers

The Happy Lovers is an oil painting on canvas by the French painter Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted sometime between 1760-1765. It measures . It hangs in the Norton Simon Museum.

County Kerry

County Kerry is one of the Counties of Ireland. It is part of the Gaeltacht. Dingle is a popular tourist town in the county, and other scenic parts have been included in the List of World Heritage Sites in Ireland.

Lilacs and Roses

Lilacs and Roses is an oil painting on canvas by Édouard Manet. It was one of his late works, painted in 1883. It measures 54 × 45 cm. It is in a private collection. The painting is a development of the small vase of roses on the bar in Manet's "The Bar at the Folies-Bergère." 

Many of Manet's later works offered a small still life in the lower left hand corner of the picture. The flowers present a "cross" shape that is broken by a diagonal line through the center. The brushwork is exceptional. The picture is one of the masterpieces of Manet's later years.

End of the Lunch

End of the Lunch is an oil painting by Pierre Auguste Renoir. It was painted in 1879. François Mathey writes, "This picture, redolent with a warm, healthy, and vibrant sensuality was painted under the arbor of Oliver's restaurant in Montmartre." The people in the picture are Ellen Andrée, the artist's current model Marguerite, and the son of someone who owned a ship.

Stoke Newington

Stoke Newington is an area of the London Borough of Hackney, northeast of central London.



Girl Most Likely

Girl Most Likely is a 2012 American comedy movie. It stars Kristen Wiig as Imogene, Annette Bening as Zelda, Natasha Lyonne as Allyson and Matt Dillon. This comedy deals with gambling troubles and suicide attempts. It got mixed to positive reviews from the critics.

RoboCop (2014 movie)

RoboCop (RoboCop 4) is a 2014 American action science fiction thriller movie. It stars Joel Kinnaman, Gary Oldman, Samuel L. Jackson, and Michael Keaton. "RoboCop" is a remake of the 1987 action picture by the same name. This action picture is set in 2028 Detroit and was shot there. It was released on February 12, 2014 by Columbia Pictures. It also follows "RoboCop 2" (1990) and "RoboCop 3" (1993).

Passiflora

Passiflora is also known as the passion flowers or passion vines. It is a genus of about 500 species of flowering plants. They are mainly vines, with some being shrubs, and a few species being herbaceous. See passionfruit for information about the fruit of the passiflora plant.

The family "Passifloraceae" is characterized by a pantropical distribution. "Passiflora" is absent from Africa, which, instead, hosts many other members of its family (e.g. the more plesiomorphic "Adenia").

There are nine species of "Passiflora" native to the USA, from Ohio to the north, west to California and south to the Florida Keys. Most other species are found in South America, China, and Southern Asia, New Guinea, four or more species in Australia and an endemic species in New Zealand.

Operation Entebbe

Operation Entebbe, also known as Operation Jonathan, was an Israeli hostage rescue mission. It took place in July 1976 in Entebbe, Uganda. An Air France airplane was hijacked on 27 June 1976 by German and Palestinian terrorists wanted the release of prisoners held in Israel and four other countries. Many of the hostages were later released but 106 Israelis and Jews were still held. Israeli special forces planned and executed a daring long-range rescue of the remaining 106 passengers on 4 July 1976. 102 of the passengers were rescued. Lt Col Yonatan Netanyahu, who led the mission, was the only rescuer to be killed in action.

On 27 June 1976 Air France flight AF-139 was hijacked by German and Palestinian terrorists. One third of the passengers on the airplane were Jewish. Two of the hijackers were members of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP). The other two were members of the Baader-Meinhof gang from Germany. The hijackers forced the plane to go to Entebbe. 

The plane landed at Entebbe at 3 AM on June 28th. Three more people joined the hijackers. At noon, the passengers were moved to an old terminal building. Idi Amin, dictator and President of Uganda went to the airport to meet with the hostages. He told them he was working to get them free. He said the military of Uganda was there to help keep them safe. The next day, the hijackers said that if 53 other terrorists were not released from prisons, they would start killing the hostages. Of these 53 people, 13 were in prisons in France, West Germany, Kenya, and Switzerland. The other 40 were in Israel. The hijackers said the prisoners had to be released by 2 PM on July 1. 

On June 29th, the Israel Defense Force (IDF) held a meeting to discussed a raid to free the hostages. There were 3 major problems with this. The first problem was that Uganda was away from Israel. The fact that the plane was owned by a French company was also an issue. The third main issue was the fact that only one third of the passengers were Jewish. And of these, not all of them were from Israel. 

It was learned the next day that Idi Amin was, in fact, not working to free the hostages. He was working to support the PFLP. This caused other problems for the rescue mission. They now had to worry about the Uganda military at the airport. A large number of the hostages were released on July 1st. The hijackers still held 106 passengers who were all Israeli or Jews. The hostages who were freed were flown to Paris and London. The government of Israel said that they would free the prisoners held in Israel. Because of this, the hijackers agreed to not start killing the hostages until July 4th. Lt Col Yonatan Netanyahu was put in charge of the Israeli mission to free the remaining hostage. Training began the next day for the mission. It was done using information they had gotten from the released passengers. An old home movie taken in Entebbe was used to show them more about the layout of the airport.

Soon after noon on July 3rd, four C-130's took off from Israel with the troops for the rescue mission. Their path to Entebbe was carefully selected to avoid being seen by Soviet ships or Egyptian radar. At 11 PM the plane reached Entebbe. A black Mercedes limousine and 2 Land Rover were used to lead troops to the airport. The vehicles were the same as those Amin was known to use. The Mercedes had Ugandan flags and all 35 commandos wore Ugandan uniforms. As they got near the building where the hostages were kept, two sentries went to stop them. Netanyahu told his vehicles to slow down. When the two sentries were in range, he had his troops shoot them with silenced weapons. One of the sentries was hit and killed. The other was not killed. When he tried to use his weapon, Israeli troops quickly killed him with AK-47s. This caused much noise and the hijackers knew something was now happening. The element of surprise was believed to be lost. The troops moved quickly to the building. The terrorist outside the building ran inside yelling "The Ugandans have gone nuts - they're shooting at us!" The element of surprise was still there. The terrorists did not realize it was Israeli troops attacking them. 

It took the Israelis about 10 minutes to clear the building. The entire raid lasted just 99 minutes. The Ugandan soldiers and all seven terrorists were killed. Of the 106 passengers, three were killed. 102 were rescued. One of the hostages was not found. Netanyahu had been shot in the chest and 10 other of the Israeli military were injured. Netanyahu was the only one to die. The Israelis also destroyed at least 8 Russian-built MIG fighters. This was a quarter of Uganda's air force.

The hostages were then flown to Nairobi, Kenya. While there, some of the injured were treated by Israeli doctors. At least two people were moved to a hospital there. The rescued hostages were then taken back to Israel. It was later learned that one Israeli woman, Dora Bloch, the missing hostage, had been removed from the airport for medical reasons. She was later killed by the Ugandans on Idi Amin's order. Her body was discovered under a field and was returned to Israel for burial in 1979, after Idi Amin's dictatorship ended that year. 

While officially known as Operation Entebbe, it is more often referred to as Operation Jonathan, named after Yonatan Netanyahu.

Dido and Aeneas

Dido and Aeneas (/ˈdaɪdoʊ/ "Dy-doh and eh-Nee-us") is a three-act English opera. The story and words were written by Nahum Tate. The music was written by Henry Purcell. The opera was probably written about 1684-1685. "Dido" is Purcell's only true opera. It was possibly modeled on John Blow's "Venus and Adonis". Blow's piece was written and staged about the same time. Marc-Antoine Charpentier's little French operas may also have served as models. French music was appreciated at the English court.

The opera was intended for performance at the court. The death of Charles II may have caused it to be postponed however. The first performance occurred in a Chelsea girls' school run by Josias Priest (the dancing master at court) in 1689. Tragedy and comedy are deftly combined in "Dido". The lovers' scenes are tense with emotion. The witches' scenes are filled with comical cackling and mischief-making.

The story of the opera is taken from Virgil's "Aeneid". It tells of the Trojan Aeneas' tragic love for Dido, the Queen of Carthage. The opera manuscript has been lost or destroyed. Research and performance rely on earliest printed copies. Some music is believed missing from these early copies. That music is composed afresh by modern composers in Purcell's style. Sometimes music Purcell composed about 1685 is inserted into the score to make up for the lack of the original music. "Dido and Aeneas" is Purcell's best known work.

The words and story (the libretto) of "Dido and Aeneas" were written by Nahum Tate. The music was written by Henry Purcell. The date for the opera's composition is usually given as 1689. This has been called into question. The work is closer to the music Purcell composed in 1684-1685. The true date of composition probably falls in the middle-1680s rather than 1689. In the middle of the decade, Josias Priest's Chelsea boarding school for young ladies performed John Blow's "Venus and Adonis". This little opera was possibly the model for Purcell's work.

The opera was probably intended for a performance at court. The death of Charles II in February 1685 may have been a reason to postpone the performance. There is no evidence that the opera was performed at court at this time. The opera was first performed in 1689 at Priest's Chelsea girls' school, rather than at court. The themes, the mythological subject, the plentiful dances, the pastoral setting, the formal concision are all indicative that it was intended for a noble audience rather than the common man. It is more likely these short forms of opera appealed to the English. They preferred song and spoken dialogue.

"Dido" may have been modeled on the little French operas of Marc-Antoine Charpentier. It may have been modeled on John Blow's "Venus and Adonis", too. "Venus" was composed and staged about the same time as "Dido". The action is carried forward in "Dido" by arioso passages. Choruses and dances are used to frame the various scenes. The intensity of emotion in the scenes for the lovers is contrasted with the grotesqueness of the witches' scenes. Comedy and tragedy are carefully balanced in "Dido". This balance reveals Purcell's sense of drama.

After 1705, the opera disappeared from the stage. Occasionally, there were concert performances. In 1895, the first staged version in modern times was performed by students of the Royal College of Music to mark the bicentenary of Purcell's death.

The story of the opera is taken from the "Aeneid" by the Roman poet Virgil. Virgil was trying to create a national epic for the Romans in the way Homer did with "The Iliad" and "The Odyssey" for the Greeks. Aeneas is the son of Venus and Anchises of Troy. He flees his home after it is sacked by the Greeks. Ahead of him lies a seven year journey to Italy. Fate has decreed he will found a new nation. Aeneas arrives in Carthage. Queen Dido is mourning her dead husband, a man to whom she swore eternal fidelity. She has fallen in love with Aeneas, and he with her.

The original manuscript does not exist. Research depends upon the earliest printed copies. Some pieces are believed missing. Sometimes music Purcell composed in the middle 1680s is put into the score to balance the loss. Sometimes the missing music is composed completely afresh in Purcell's style.

The opera's tragic outcome is hinted at almost at once in the accompaniment to the Queen's Act 1 aria. The modulation in the ground bass from C minor to G minor on the words "I languish till my grief is known" anticipates the key of Dido's lament in Act 3. Purcell uses a ground bass at other moments: Dido's two arias (Acts 1 and 2) and in the aria "Oft she visits" in Act 2. This aria references Actaeon's tragic death by his own hounds. The word "ground" suggests that which will cover Dido after her death.

 Act 1.
Act 2.

Act 3.



The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel

The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is a 2011 British comedy-drama movie starring Judi Dench and Maggie Smith. It is based on the novel "These Foolish Things". John Madden is the director. This comedy-drama got very good reviews from critics. It was a box office hit. It made over $134 million worldwide.


Amiga

The Amiga was a line of personal computers that Commodore International produced during the 1980s and early 1990s. The first Amiga computer, the Amiga 1000, possessed a enabled the machine to display 4096 colors, a chip that enabled it to play back four channels of sound at once, an operating system with multitasking, and a graphical user interface at a time that these features were uncommon or not as developed as Amiga's. The Amiga is often said to have been ahead of its time. Although the Amiga did not sell well and Commodore went bankrupt, the Amiga developed a fandom and niche amongst video and graphics enthusiasts and gamers.

The Amiga was initially created by computer chip designer Jay Miner and Hi-Toro (later Amiga Corporation). In 1984, Commodore purchased Amiga Corporation. The first Amiga, the Amiga 1000, was released in 1985 after delays and marketing blunders. In 1994, Commodore declared bankruptcy.


Rate equation

The rate equation (or rate law) is an equation used to calculate the speed of a chemical reaction (or rate of reaction). For a general reaction , the rate equation is: 
Here, [A] and [B] are the concentrations of A and B. "x" and "y" depend on which step is rate-determining. If the reaction mechanism is a very simple one, where A and B hit each other and then go to products through one transition state, then "x"="a" and "y"="b". "k" is the rate constant of the reaction. This changes with temperature, pressure and other conditions. 

The rate equation is a differential equation. If it is integrated, then an equation which tells how the concentration of reagents and products changes with time is found.

In special cases, it is very easy to solve the equation and find "k". For example, in a first-order reaction the equation is:

Integrating gives:

So, a plot of formula_4 against time "t" gives a straight line with a slope of formula_5.

Sometimes, experiments can be made so that the reaction looks like a first-order one. If the concentration of one reagent is kept at the same high value then it can be thought of as a constant. The equation becomes formula_6 where k' is the pseudo-first order rate constant. Then the method above can be used to calculate k'. 

Human resources

Human resources is all the people working for a company or organization. Sometimes, human capital is used as well. This is because employees (the people that work) are a good thing for a business because they add value to it.

The economist John Commons used the term "human resource" in his 1893 book, The Distribution of Wealth, but did not develop it further. The concept of "human resources" was in use during the 1910s and 20s in the sense that workers were perceived as a type of capital asset. For the first time in the modern sense, the concept of "human resource" was used by economist Edward Bakke in his report in 1958.

Examples are teachers, etc.

It is important that human resources in a company are the best possible, because it is the workers that can make the difference. There are many factors to think about when talking of human resources:

Human resources management is the group of people within a company that takes care of human resources. They make sure every employee is happy with what they are doing. They also do recruitment (finding new people for a job).

Benjamin F. Stewart

Benjamin F. Stewart (born 1851) was a Private in the United States Army. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Indian Wars.

Benjamin Stewart was born in 1851 in Norfolk, Virginia. He served as a Private in Company E, 7th U.S. Infantry during the American Indian Wars. He received the Medal of Honor December 2, 1876 for his actions at Little Big Horn River Montana on July 9, 1876.

Rank and organization: Private, Company E, 7th U.S. Infantry. Place and date: At Big Horn River, Mont., 9 July 1876. Entered service at: ------. Birth: Norfolk, Va. Date of issue: 2 December 1876.

Citation:

Carried dispatches to Gen. Crook at imminent risk of his life.


Recruitment

Recruitment is the process of finding new people to do a job. For a company or organization, it is important to choose the right people from the beginning. This is because human resources are often a very important part of a business.

Recruitment has many different steps. First, the company needs to advertise that it has a job available. People then send an application. This usually includes a curriculum vitae, which is a summary of what a person has done until now in their life. The best applicants are selected and they come for an interview. This might also include some further tests or exercises to do. The person chosen is then given an offer of a job. Finally, they can choose to take it or not.

There are many ways of doing recruitment. Some companies go to consultants, who know where and how to find the best people. Universities and schools often have a group of people that tells the students about getting a job. At other times, a company might really want a person that is very good at a job but works for another company. They can then ask directly to this person, maybe offering more money. Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn are also sometimes used by people looking for a job.

Juliana Paes

Juliana Couto Paes (born March 26, 1979) is a Brazilian actress and former model.

Born in Rio Bonito, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Paes is of Black, Portuguese, Bolivian, indigenous Brazilian and Spanish descent. She is the oldest child of Regina and Carlos Henrique Paes. She has three siblings: Mariana, Rosana, and Carlos Henrique Jr.


Todd Bridges

Todd Bridges (born May 27, 1965) is an American actor who was known for his role as Willis Jackson in the hit comedy show "Diff'rent Strokes". He is also known for his roles in "Everybody Hates Chris" and "". 

Bridges was born on May 27, 1965 in San Francisco, California. He was first married to Dori Bridges from 1998-2012 and they divorced. In 2022 he married Bettijo Hirschi. He has two children. His son Spencir Bridges (born 1998) is an actor and his daughter Bo J. Rushing (born 1996).


Dana Plato

Dana Michelle Plato (November 7, 1964 – May 8, 1999) was an American actress who was known for her role as Kimberly Drummond in the hit comedy show "Diff'rent Strokes". After the show ended, her career went down and later posed for "Playboy" and committed robbery. 

Plato was born Dana Michelle Strain on November 7, 1964 in Maywood, California. She was adopted by Dean and Florine Plato and she legally changed her name from Strain to Plato. She was raised in Los Angeles, California. Plato was married to Lanny Lambert from 1984 until they divorced in 1990. They had one son, Tyler Lambert. Plato committed suicide when she had an overdose from pills in her home in Moore, Oklahoma, aged 34.


The Secret Meeting

The Secret Meeting is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It dates to 1771-1773. Fragonard was hired to paint a series of panels for the chateau at Louveciennes, the home of Madame du Barry. His theme was "The Progress of Love". It is the companion piece to "The Lover Crowned". It hangs in the Frick Museum, New York.

The Lover Crowned

The Lover Crowned is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. In 1771, Fragonard was hired to paint a series of panels for the chateau at Louveciennes, the home of Madame du Barry. His theme was "The Progress of Love". "The Lover Crowned" is the companion piece to "The Secret Meeting". The picture hangs in the Frick Collection, New York. 

John Vanbrugh

Sir John Vanbrugh (1664-1726) was an English writer, dramatist and architect.

His main literary works include "The Relapse" (1696), "The Provok'd Wife" (1697), "The Country House" (1703), "The Confederacy" (1705) and "The Provok'd Husband" (left incomplete and later completed by Colley Cibber in 1728).

As an architect, Vanbrugh designed some famous buildings like Castle Howard, Blenheim Palace and the original Haymarket Theatre.

Seto Inland Sea

Seto Inland Sea is a sea surrounded by the Japanese islands of Honshu, Kyushu and Shikoku.


Geophone

A geophone is a device for measuring earthquakes. They function by converting movement into voltage to be recorded at a station.


Asakura, Fukuoka

Ancient artifacts and agricultural tools have been found at Asakura. These finds date to the Yayoi period and the Kofun period (300 BC-538 AD).

In 660-661, the town of Asakura was briefly the capital of Japan when Empress Saimei moved her court to "Asakura no Tachibana no Hironiwa" Palace or "Asakure no Tachibana no Hironiwa-no-miya".

In 2006, the town merged with the former city of Amagi and the town of Haki. A new city named Asakura was formed.


Schist

The schists are a group of metamorphic rocks which have lamellar (plate-like) minerals, such as micas, chlorite, talc, hornblende, graphite, and others. Quartz often occurs in drawn-out grains so that a form called quartz schist is produced. By definition, schist contains more than 50% platy and elongated minerals, often finely interleaved with quartz and feldspar. Schist often contains garnets.

The individual mineral grains in schist, drawn out into flaky scales by heat and pressure, can be seen by the naked eye. Schist is characteristically "foliated", (~leaf-like) meaning the mineral grains split off easily into flakes or slabs. The word "schist" is derived from the Greek word "σχίζειν schíxein" meaning "to split". This refers to the ease with which schists can be split along the plane in which the platy minerals lie.

Most schists have been derived from clays and muds which have passed through a series of metamorphic processes involving the production of shales, slates and phyllites as intermediate steps. Certain schists have been derived from fine-grained igneous rocks such as basalts and tuffs. Most schists are mica schists, but graphite and chlorite schists are also common. 

Schists are named after their mineral constituents, such as garnet schist, tourmaline schist, glaucophane schist, etc. 

Schists are frequently used as dimension stone. Dimension stone is stone that has been selected and cut to specific shapes or sizes.

Ghost in the Machine

The "Ghost in the Machine" is a metaphor in philosophy. The philosopher Gilbert Ryle called mind the "Ghost in the Machine", and the idea that it was separate from the brain was the mistaken "official doctrine".

Ryle was referring to René Descartes' mind-body dualism. In dualist systems like Descartes', mental activity carries on in parallel to physical action, but the means of interaction are unknown or speculative. Ryle thought this was absurd, and as a kind of error which he called a "category mistake". It is like saying something like "cars move by motive spirit".

Helen Jacobs

Helen Hull Jacobs (August 6, 1908 - June 2, 1997, Globe, Arizona) was an American tennis player. She was a former number 1 ranked player. Jacobs won the championship at Wimbledon in 1936. She won a total of 10 Grand Slam titles. Jacobs won the US National championship in singles (1932-1935), doubles (1932, 1934-35) and mixed doubles (1934). She is best known for her rivalry with Helen Wills Moody.

William Troy

William Troy (1848–March 8, 1907) entered Service in the US Navy from Massachusetts as a United States Navy sailor. For bravery in action during the 1871 Korean Expedition he received the Medal of Honor on June 11, 1871. He was part of the party that rescued the mortally wounded Hugh McKee at Citadel Korea and was himself wounded and specifically commended by the Lieutenant.

Troy is buried in the Stockton State Hospital Cemetery in Stockton, California. A monument in his honor stands at the San Joaquin National Cemetery in Gustine, California. According to the San Joaquin National Cemetery's Website he is buried there, not at the state hospital in Stockton, in Section M-1, Grave 53.

Rank and organization: Ordinary Seaman, U.S. Navy. Born: 1848, Boston, Mass. Accredited to: Massachusetts. G.O. No.: 169, February 8, 1872.

Citation:
On board the U.S.S. Colorado during the capture of the Korean forts, 11 June 1871. Fighting at the side of Lt. McKee, by whom he was especially commended, Troy was badly wounded by the enemy.


Royal Rumble (2000)

The Royal Rumble 2000 was the 22nd Royal Rumble, which Dwayne Johnson (better known as "The Rock") won. At the end of the rumble, The Rock and The Big Show were left. Big Show was about to throw The Rock out, but then Rock reversed the move and threw the Big Show out to win. Big Show proved that The Rock hit the ground first however it could not be arranged again because WrestleMania was in one month, so the Rock remained as the winner. After that, Show hit The Rock because of frustration.

James F. Merton

James F. Merton (born 1843) was a United States Navy sailor. He received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Korean Expedition in 1871. Landsman Merton was severely wounded during the seizure of the forts.

Rank and organization: Landsman, U.S. Navy. Birth: England. G.O. No.: 180, October 10, 1872.

Citation:

Landsman and member of Company D during the capture of the Korean forts, 9 and 10 June 1871, Merton was severely wounded in the arm while trying to force his way into the fort.


Jaipurhat District

Joypurhat () is a district in northern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rajshahi Division.

Naogaon District

Naogaon (, ) is a district in northern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rajshahi Division.

Nawabganj District

Nawabganj () is a district in northern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rajshahi Division.

Garum

Garum was a fermented fish sauce used in ancient Greece, Rome, and Byzantium. It was made from the intestines of small fishes by bacterial fermentation.

The House of Cards

The House of Cards is an oil painting by Jean-Baptiste-Siméon-Chardin. It was painted about 1737. It measures 60 cm x 72 cm (23.62 in x 28.35 in.). It hangs in the National Gallery, London. Chardin painted scenes that found favor with all classes of Parisian society.

The See-Saw

The See-Saw is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted in 1755. It measures 46 x 36 in. It hangs in the Fundación Colección Thyssen-Bornemisza, Madrid. It is the companion piece to "Blind Man's Bluff". 

Blind Man's Bluff

Blind Man's Bluff is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted in 1755-1756. It measures 46 x 36 in. It hangs in the Toledo Museum of Art. It is the companion piece to "The See-Saw". 

The Bathers

The Bathers is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It may have been painted in around 1765. It hangs in the Louvre. 

A Visit to the Nursery

A Visit to the Nursery is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted in 1775. It measures . It hangs in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, DC. Fragonard is usually remembered for his mildly erotic works. After his marriage in 1769, he painted family life. 

Mini CD

A Mini CD is a Compact disc that is of smaller size, usually 8 cm, instead of 12 cm, for "regular" CDs. These CDs can hold less data, about 210 Megabytes, or 24 minutes of music. There is also a version which can only hold 155 MB of data, or 18 minutes of music. Mini Cds also come in the shape and size of a business card, these can hold between 10 and 100 MB of data.

Tollund Man

The Tollund Man is the name for a mummy which was found in Denmark, in the 1950s. The man lived in the 4th century BC, in what is known as the "Pre-Roman Iron Age". The head and face were so wll-preserved that he was mistaken at the time of discovery for a recent murder victim. Twelve years before the discovery of Tollund Man, another bog body, was discovered in the same bog.

Below the body was a thin layer of moss. Scientists know that this moss was formed in Danish peat bogs in the early Iron Age, therefore, the body was suspected to have been placed in the bog more than 2,000 years ago during the early Iron Age. C radiocarbon dating was performed: It indicated that he died in approximately 375-210 BC. The acid in the peat, along with the lack of oxygen underneath the surface, had preserved the delicate soft tissues of his body.

Examinations and X-rays showed that the man's head was undamaged, and his heart, lungs and liver were well preserved. The Silkeborg Museum estimated that he must have been approximately 40 years old, and about tall, at the time of his death. This means he was relatively small, even for the time. It is likely that the body had shrunk in the bog.

On the first autopsy report in 1950, doctors concluded that Tollund Man died by hanging rather than strangulation. The rope left visible marks in the skin beneath his chin and at the sides of his neck. There was no mark, however, at the back of the neck where the knot of the noose would have been located. After a re-examination in 2002, forensic scientists found more evidence to support these findings. Although the cervical vertebrae were undamaged (as they often are in hanging victims), radiography showed that the tongue was distended—an indication of death by hanging.

The stomach and intestines were examined and tests carried out on their contents. The scientists discovered that the man's
last meal had been a kind of porridge made from vegetables and seeds, both cultivated and wild: barley, linseed, gold of pleasure ("Camelina sativa"), knotweed, bristlegrass, and chamomile.

There were no traces of meat in the man's digestive system, and from the stage of digestion it was apparent that the man had lived for 12 to 24 hours after this last meal. In other words, he may not have eaten for up to a day before his death. Although similar vegetable soups were not unusual for people of this time, two interesting things were noted:

Bog bodies dry up and decompose rapidly, when they are taken out of the bog. Because of the facial expression, and the general state of the head, the decision was taken to expose the body. At the time, the head was preserved using Polyethylene glycol, the only material available. This method did not permit to preserve the body; it dried up and decayed. Today, the head is attached to a copy of the body. Both feet and the right thumb were also in a good state of preservation when the body was found in the 1950s. For this reason, they were kept in formaldehyde for analysis later. In 1976, the Danish Police Force made a finger-print analysis, making Tollund Man's thumb print one of the oldest finger-prints on record. Tollund Man is exposed in the Silkeborg Museum.

It is likely that he was a sacrifice, as an iron neck ring was found around his neck, which was commonly used as an offering.

Elmelindo Smith

Sergeant First Class Elmelindo Rodrigues Smith (July 27, 1935 – February 16, 1967) was born in Wahiawa, Hawaii. He was a United States Army soldier of Hispanic-Asian descent, who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Vietnam War. Despite being severely wounded, Smith inspired his men to beat back an enemy assault.

Smith was an American of Hispanic/Asian-Pacific American descent (his Hispanic blood being precisely of Puerto Rican origin). He was born in the town of Wahiawā which is in the center of Oahu Island in the County of Honolulu. There he received his primary and secondary education. He joined the United States Army in 1953 and was stationed in various countries overseas, among them was Okinawa.

During his stay in Okinawa, he met a Hawaiian born WAC by the name of Jane and soon they were married. They established their home in a military post in Tacoma, Washington and had two daughters.

On July 23, 1966, Smith was sent to the Republic of Vietnam and served as Platoon Sergeant of the 1st Platoon, Company C, 2d Battalion, 8th Infantry of the 4th Infantry Division. The division performed combat operations in the western Central Highlands along the border between Cambodia and Vietnam. The division experienced heavy combat against North Vietnamese Army (NVA) regular forces in the mountains surrounding an area called Kontum.

On February 16, 1967, Sergeant Rodrigues Smith was leading his platoon in a reconnaissance patrol, when suddenly it came under attack. NVA forces attacked the patrol with machine gun, mortar and rocket fire. Despite the fact that he was wounded, he coordinated a counterattack by positioning his men and distributing ammunition. He was struck by a rocket, but continued to expose himself in order to direct his men's fire upon the approaching enemy. Even though he died from his wounds, his actions resulted in the defeat of the enemy.

For his actions, he was recommended for the Medal of Honor. The family received the medal from the hands of Secretary of the Army Stanley R. Resor because President Lyndon B. Johnson was ill at the time. However, after the ceremony, which was held at the White House, the family which included his widow Jane and two daughters, Kathleen 10 and Pamela 6, were taken to President Johnson's bedroom.

Citation:

Sergeant First Class Elmelindo Rodrigues Smith's remains were buried with full military honors in the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Honolulu, Hawaii. His name is inscribed in the Vietnam War Memorial in Washington, D.C. in Panel 15E – Row 051.



Madame du Barry

Jeanne Bécu, Countess of Barry (19 August 1743 – 8 December 1793) was the last mistress of King Louis XV of France. She was one of the victims of the Reign of Terror.

Jeanne Bécu was born in Lorraine, France. Her mother was Anne Bécu, who was a seamstress. Jeanne Bécu was an illegitimate child, and her father is not known. Some people say her father was Jean Jacques Gomard, a friar known as "frère Ange".

Jeanne Bécu was educated at a convent called Couvent de Saint-Aure. When she was 15 years old, she left the convent. She and her mother moved to Paris, where Jeanne sold small items on the streets. Jeanne was a very beautiful, blonde-haired woman, and was later found by Jean-Baptiste du Barry, who owned a casino and trained women to be courtesans. Jean-Baptiste du Barry made Jeanne his mistress.

As time passed, Jeanne became well-known with powerful people in the Kingdom of France. She had many clients in the king's court. The king soon noticed her and had her brought to his bedroom many times. Since she was a commoner and did not have a royal title, she could not be a "maîtresse-en-titre" (official mistress). The king was worried what people would think of him being with a commoner, so the king ordered that Jeanne be married to a man who had a noble title. 

On 1 September 1768, Jeanne was married to Jean-Baptiste du Barry's brother, Comte Guillaume du Barry. After the wedding, Jeanne was made Louis XV's official mistress. She lived in a small room above the king's room. Jeanne was very lonely since some people still considered her a commoner.

Jeanne died at the age of 50 due to execution made by supporters of the French Revolution, a time where the common people were against people of the royalty. She is buried at the Madeleine Cemetery.

Linda Lovelace

Linda Lovelace (January 10, 1949 – April 22, 2002) was an American pornographic actress best known for her starring role in 1972 movie "Deep Throat". She was born Linda Susan Boreman in the Bronx, New York City. 

She was married to Chuck Traynor (1937-2002) from 1971 until 1973; he frequently used violence against her. In 1974 she married Larry Marchiano. She had two children with him. They divorced in 1996. In 1980 "Ordeal" was published. It was a book Lovelace wrote about being a porn actress. She moved to Colorado in 1990. She died in Denver on April 22, 2002 of injuries sustained in a road accident on April 3, 2002. The biopic "Lovelace" is about her.

Division of Parramatta

The Division of Parramatta is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. The division was created in 1900 for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for the locality of Parramatta. The name "Parramatta" is an Aboriginal word for "the place where the eels lie down". 

The division is in the western suburbs of Sydney. It includes Constitution Hill, Dundas Valley, Granville, Harris Park, Holroyd, Mays Hill, North Parramatta, Oatlands, Old Toongabbie, Parramatta, Rosehill, Rydalmere, Telopea, Wentworthville, Westmead and parts of Dundas, Ermington, Guildford, Merrylands, Merrylands West, Northmead, North Rocks, Pendle Hill, South Granville and South Wentworthville.

The division lies between Labor voting areas of western Sydney and the Liberal areas on the North Shore. Because of this, any change to the boundary can change the political balance in the seat. For example, in the 2006 boundary change, Parramatta shifted from marginally Labor to marginally Liberal (as defined by the Australian Electoral Commission). Nevertheless, as was expected Julie Owens held the seat for the ALP with an increased majority.

From 1901 to 1921 the Division was represented by Sir Joseph Cook who was the Prime Minister of Australia from 1913-14. There have been several by-elections for Parramatta when the members have resigned. In 1921 Cook resigned to became Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom, in 1958 Beale resigned to become Australian Ambassador to the United States, in 1964 Barwick resigned to become Chief Justice of the High Court, Bowen resigned in 1973 to become a judge in the NSW Court of Appeal.



Harborne

Harborne is an area of Birmingham in the West Midlands, England. It is west of the centre of Birmingham.

Humboldt-University of Berlin

The Humboldt-University of Berlin () is Berlin's first public university. It was founded by Wilhelm von Humboldt. He was the German Minister of Education at the time. Von Humboldt organized Germany's system of education which is still used today. The first building was donated by Frederick William III of Prussia. The University opened its doors in 1810 as the University of Berlin. 

At the time of its founding in 1810, there was pressure to make the new university both practical and industrial. Von Humboldt wanted it to be a center for the pursuit of truth in learning. In the end, he won out. The University was set up under his principles. In 1828 it was formally renamed the Frederick-William University. The university was named in honor of the reigning monarch, Frederick William III of Prussia. The university offered the traditional faculties of law, medicine, theology, and philosophy. Emperor William made several establishments at the University. One of these was the professorship of "American History". It is now called the "Theodore Roosevelt professorship". It required the position be filled by an American professor who must lecture in German. In an interview with then president Butler of Columbia University, a second professorship in Berlin was established with a lectures in English taught by a German professor.

From 1933 to 1945, under Nazism, the university lost many of its Jewish scholars and students. Some were killed. On May 10, 1933 many university books were burned. Before World War II Humboldt was still the major university in Berlin. After the war the university was greatly weakened. It reopened in January 1946. It was in the Soviet sector of Berlin. Many students and faculty wanted to continue their education free of communist government control. With the help of the US Army and donations from the United States government, the Free University of Berlin was established in 1948 in West Berlin. 

In 1949 the university was given its present name, Humboldt-University of Berlin (), to honor the brothers Alexander and Wilhelm von Humboldt. The university underwent a number of changes by the government of East Berlin in the 1950s. But it regained its importance as a major center of learning.

The university got its start reflecting the principles of the great educational reformer Wilhelm von Humboldt. It pioneered many new academic disciplines. In spite of its problems in the 20th century, the university has returned to its founding principles. There are 260 degree courses offered. The university has an academic staff of about 2,170 and 35,000 students. it is currently ranked 80th among the world's universities. It has been informally called "Berlin University" throughout its history. Also, informally, the "University of Linden" () after its location.

German Football Association

The German Football Association () is the association that governs football in Germany. It was one of the founding members of both FIFA and UEFA. It is in charge of the men's and women's national teams. The association was started on 28 January 1900 in Leipzig. Its headquarters are now based in Frankfurt.

2013 Football League Cup Final

The 2013 Football League Cup Final is a football match between Bradford City and Swansea City, which will take place on 24 February 2013 at Wembley Stadium, London. It is the final match of the 2012–13 Football League Cup, the 53rd season of the Football League Cup, a football competition for the 92 teams in the Premier League and the Football League. The winner of the Football League Cup will enter the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League in the third qualifying round.

2052: A Global Forecast for the Next Forty Years

2052: A Global Forecast for the Next Forty Years is a description of trends in global development by Jørgen Randers. It is a follow-up of "The Limits to Growth" which in 1972 was the first known worldwide report to the Club of Rome.

There are three differences from the previous report. First, it does not describe a disaster scenario, but shows only trends. Secondly, it is to be read in the light of experience since 1972, namely, that all of humanity has responded to the report, but with a delay of 20 to 40 years. Thirdly, it offers not only future scenarios, it makes concrete proposals on how the individual should respond to emerging developments.

Randers's reflections are based on two central questions: "What will happen to the consumer over the next 40 years?" and "Under what conditions - in which social and natural environment - this future consumption will take place?" He uses computer models to make sure feedback effects are not overlooked.

The population will decline from about 2040. The working population will peak around 2030. Productivity will grow, but there will be obstacles. The gross domestic product will grow, but more slowly. Investments - forced and voluntary - will increase. There will be new costs. Costs for adaptation to the new climate and for fixing disasters will explode. The state will become more involved. Consumption will stagnate and go down in some places.

The energy efficiency will continue to grow. Energy demand is expected to rise, but not for ever. CO emissions from energy consumption will be greatest in 2030. The temperature will rise by more than two degrees, and that will cause serious problems.

The race for natural resources will be hard, the biocapacity of the world will be used more and more. The cities will become richer sources of raw materials for metal than the mineral deposits in nature (urban mining). In the same way that zoos have already become the last refuge for many endangered species, parks will take over this role for nature in general.

Randers argues the global gross domestic product will not increase as it has in the past because of population decline, and general aging and declining productivity growth.

The Internet will give rise to a completely new understanding of private and public. Knowledge will not be a scarce resource any more, but that will not lead to more rational decisions in most cases, because knowledge on its own is not sufficient to change behavior when strong interests are involved. Therefore, probably there will be needed a "green team" to enforce environmental behavior, like today, the peacekeeping forces (blue berets).


Alkyne

An alkyne is a molecule that has a triple bond between two carbon atoms. They have general formula CH. They are also called acetylenes. The smallest alkyne is acetylene, also called ethyne. Alkynes are hydrophobic: this means they dissolve well in organic solvents but not in water.

Alkynes are more reactive than usual hydrocarbons. For example, they are more reactive than alkenes in many reactions. If the alkyne is at the end of a molecule, it is easy to remove the proton with a strong base. Then, the alkyne can be used in addition reactions. For example, it can be added to a ketone. Alkynes are also easy to reduce to double bonds. They can be made into both "trans" and "cis" double bonds. Alkynes are also used a lot in pericyclic reactions.

Alkynes have a 180 degrees angle between the two carbon atoms. For this reason, they do not like to be in a cyclic compound. Some examples of alkynes are shown below.

Here is the list of the the first 10 Alkynes:

Carboxylic acid

A carboxylic acid is any molecule that has a COOH group. This group contains a carbonyl (C=O double bond) together with an hydroxyl group (OH) on the same carbon atom. Because it is easy to remove the proton with even a weak base, these compounds are called acids. An example of a carboxylic acid is Acetic acid, which is also known as vinegar.

Carboxylic acids are found a lot in food. Many types of fat molecules are actually carboxylic acids. For example, chocolate and coconuts have these acids. They are also used a lot in soaps and detergents.

The smaller carboxylic acids dissolve in water. The bigger ones dissolve only in organic solvents.

This section lists the first few carboxylic acids.

Epoxide

In organic chemistry, an epoxide is a molecule that has a ring with at least three atoms in total, two carbon atoms and one oxygen atom. These three atoms are bonded, or stuck together, in a small ring. The ring of atoms is shaped like a triangle, with all edges of the same length. Because of this small ring, an epoxide is very reactive. 

Epoxides can be made by oxidation of alkenes. There are many ways to do this. Usually, a peroxide is used. Some ways can even make only one enantiomer of the epoxide.

Epoxides like to react with nucleophiles. Usually, when an epoxide reacts with a nucleophile, the first thing it does is break one of its chemical bonds between the oxygen atom and the carbon atom. This makes the triangular ring pop open. With the ring open, the nucleophile gets stuck onto one of the carbon atoms. On the other carbon, the left over oxygen attaches to a hydrogen atom, turning into an alcohol. This is very useful, because it is easy to change an alcohol into many other functional groups.

Epoxides are useful because with them very complicated molecules can be made quickly. Epoxides are extremely useful for making many other compounds. That is because oxygen, which is in an epoxide, is such a great functional group. Once you have made an epoxide, you can make alcohols, ethers, and halohydrins, among other things.

Max Dugan Returns

Max Dugan Returns is a 1983 American comedy-drama movie. It stars Jason Robards as Max Dugan, Marsha Mason as his daughter Nora, Donald Sutherland, Kiefer Sutherland, and Matthew Broderick as grandson Michael. This was the first movie appearance for both Broderick and Kiefer Sutherland. This was the last Neil Simon movie directed by Herbert Ross. It was also the last Simon movie starring Mason (Simon's wife at the time).

Max Dugan (Robards), the long-lost father of Nora McPhee (Mason), visits her. She is having several problems. He brings some promises and the news that he is going to die soon. He also meets and makes friends with his grandson Michael (Broderick). Donald Sutherland plays the police officer who helps Nora after her car is stolen and becomes her boyfriend in the process.

Former professional baseball player Charley Lau appears as himself. His character is hired by Dugan to coach Michael to hit better for his little league team.

10th Ward of New Orleans

The 10th Ward is a division of the city of New Orleans, Louisiana. It is one of the 17 Wards of New Orleans.

The 10th Ward is one of the city's Uptown wards, formerly the old Faubourg Lafayette annexed by New Orleans in 1850s.
The roughly wedge-shaped Ward stretches back from the Mississippi River. The lower boundary is Felicity Street, across which is the 1st Ward, then Martin Luther King Boulevard (formerly Melpomene Street), across which is the 2nd Ward. The upper boundary is First Street, across which lies the 11th Ward. 

Near the river the Ward includes part of the Lower Garden District and the former location of America's first experiment with large-scale public housing, started here in 1937, when, as part of the New Deal, President Roosevelt signed the loan to commence construction of the St. Thomas Housing Project. In Central City it includes the Oretha Castle Haley commercial district. 

The 10th Ward has been home to such notables as jazz musicians Buddy Bolden and George Brunies.

George Washington Cable House

The George Washington Cable House is a cottage at 1313 8th Street in the Garden District of New Orleans, Louisiana. It was the home of George Washington Cable (1844–1925), an American novelist who wrote of Creole life, during the period in which he rose to national prominence.

He lived in this home during 1874-1884. The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1962.

Gallier House

Gallier House, also known as James Gallier, Jr., House was the home of American architect James Gallier, Jr. in New Orleans, Louisiana. Gallier designed the house himself. It is located on Royal Street in the French Quarter section of the city.

It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.

Gallier House now houses a museum, with the interior restored and furnished in the style of the 1850s.


Gland, Yonne

Gland is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Grandchamp, Yonne

Grandchamp is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Grimault

Grimault is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Gron, Yonne

Gron is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Guerchy

Guerchy is a former commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Valravillon.


Guillon, Yonne

Guillon is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Guillon-Terre-Plaine.


Gurgy

Gurgy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Gy-l'Évêque

Gy-l'Évêque is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Hauterive, Yonne

Hauterive is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Héry, Yonne

Héry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Irancy

Irancy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Island, Yonne

Island is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


L'Isle-sur-Serein

L'Isle-sur-Serein is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Jaulges

Jaulges is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Joigny

Joigny is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Jouancy

Jouancy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Joux-la-Ville

Joux-la-Ville is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Jouy, Yonne

Jouy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Jully

Jully is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Junay

Junay is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Jussy, Yonne

Jussy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. The people who live in Jussy are called "Jussiens".


Laduz

Laduz is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Valravillon.


Lailly

Lailly is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lain, Yonne

Lain is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lainsecq

Lainsecq is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lalande, Yonne

Lalande is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Laroche-Saint-Cydroine

Laroche-Saint-Cydroine is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lasson, Yonne

Lasson is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lavau, Yonne

Lavau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Précy-sur-Vrin

Précy-sur-Vrin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Prégilbert

Prégilbert is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Préhy

Préhy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Provency

Provency is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Prunoy

Prunoy is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Quarré-les-Tombes

Quarré-les-Tombes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Quenne

Quenne is a French "commune", or small town. It is in the Yonne department, in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, in the center of France.


Leugny, Yonne

Leugny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Levis, Yonne

Levis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lézinnes

Lézinnes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lichères-près-Aigremont

Lichères-près-Aigremont is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lichères-sur-Yonne

Lichères-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lignorelles

Lignorelles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ligny-le-Châtel

Ligny-le-Châtel is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lindry

Lindry is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.

Lixy

Lixy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Looze

Looze is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lucy-le-Bois

Lucy-le-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lucy-sur-Cure

Lucy-sur-Cure is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Lucy-sur-Yonne

Lucy-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Magny, Yonne

Magny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Maillot, Yonne

Maillot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mailly-la-Ville

Mailly-la-Ville is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mailly-le-Château

Mailly-le-Château is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Malay-le-Grand

Malay-le-Grand is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Malay-le-Petit

Malay-le-Petit is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Malicorne, Yonne

Malicorne is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Maligny, Yonne

Maligny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Marchais-Beton

Marchais-Beton is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Quincerot, Yonne

Quincerot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Marmeaux

Marmeaux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Marsangy

Marsangy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Massangis

Massangis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mélisey, Yonne

Mélisey is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Menades

Menades is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mercy, Yonne

Mercy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Méré, Yonne

Méré is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Merry-la-Vallée

Merry-la-Vallée is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Merry-Sec

Merry-Sec is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Merry-sur-Yonne

Merry-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Moulins-sur-Ouanne

Moulins-sur-Ouanne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Moulins-en-Tonnerrois

Moulins-en-Tonnerrois is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mouffy

Mouffy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mont-Saint-Sulpice

Mont-Saint-Sulpice is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Montréal, Yonne

Montréal is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Montillot

Montillot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Mézilles

Mézilles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Michery

Michery is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Migé

Migé is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Migennes

Migennes is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ravières

Ravières is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Roffey, Yonne

Roffey is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Rogny-les-Sept-Écluses

Rogny-les-Sept-Écluses is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Montigny-la-Resle

Montigny-la-Resle is a commune in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Môlay

Môlay is a commune in the Yonne department of France.


Moutiers-en-Puisaye

Moutiers-en-Puisaye is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Nailly

Nailly is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Neuilly, Yonne

Neuilly is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Valravillon.


Montacher-Villegardin

Montacher-Villegardin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Monéteau

Monéteau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Molosmes

Molosmes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Molinons

Molinons is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Molesmes

Molesmes is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Les Hauts de Forterre.


Neuvy-Sautour

Neuvy-Sautour is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Nitry

Nitry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Noé, Yonne

Noé is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Noyers, Yonne

Noyers is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Nuits

Nuits is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villiers-Saint-Benoît

Villiers-Saint-Benoît is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villiers-Louis

Villiers-Louis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villiers-les-Hauts

Villiers-les-Hauts is a commune in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villevallier

Villevallier is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Les Ormes, Yonne

Les Ormes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ormoy, Yonne

Ormoy is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ouanne

Ouanne is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pacy-sur-Armançon

Pacy-sur-Armançon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Pailly, Yonne

Pailly is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Parly

Parly is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Paron

Paron is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Paroy-en-Othe

Paroy-en-Othe is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Paroy-sur-Tholon

Paroy-sur-Tholon is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.

Pasilly

Pasilly is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Passy, Yonne

Passy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Perceneige

Perceneige is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Percey

Percey is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Perreux, Yonne

Perreux is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Perrigny, Yonne

Perrigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Ronchères, Yonne

Ronchères is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Rousson, Yonne

Rousson is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Rouvray, Yonne

Rouvray is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Rugny

Rugny is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sacy, Yonne

Sacy is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the commune of Vermenton.


Sainpuits

Sainpuits is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Agnan, Yonne

Saint-Agnan is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-André-en-Terre-Plaine

Saint-André-en-Terre-Plaine is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Aubin-Château-Neuf

Saint-Aubin-Château-Neuf is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Le Val-d'Ocre.


Saint-Aubin-sur-Yonne

Saint-Aubin-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Brancher

Saint-Brancher is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Bris-le-Vineux

Saint-Bris-le-Vineux is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Clément, Yonne

Saint-Clément is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Cyr-les-Colons

Saint-Cyr-les-Colons is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Denis-lès-Sens

Saint-Denis-lès-Sens is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Denis-sur-Ouanne

Saint-Denis-sur-Ouanne is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Sainte-Colombe, Yonne

Sainte-Colombe is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sainte-Colombe-sur-Loing

Sainte-Colombe-sur-Loing is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Treigny-Perreuse-Sainte-Colombe.


Sainte-Magnance

Sainte-Magnance is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sainte-Pallaye

Sainte-Pallaye is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sainte-Vertu

Sainte-Vertu is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Fargeau

Saint-Fargeau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Florentin, Yonne

Saint-Florentin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Georges-sur-Baulche

Saint-Georges-sur-Baulche is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Germain-des-Champs

Saint-Germain-des-Champs is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Julien-du-Sault

Saint-Julien-du-Sault is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Léger-Vauban

Saint-Léger-Vauban is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Loup-d'Ordon

Saint-Loup-d'Ordon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Martin-des-Champs, Yonne

Saint-Martin-des-Champs is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Martin-d'Ordon

Saint-Martin-d'Ordon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Martin-du-Tertre, Yonne

Saint-Martin-du-Tertre is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Martin-sur-Armançon

Saint-Martin-sur-Armançon is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Martin-sur-Ocre, Yonne

Saint-Martin-sur-Ocre is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Le Val-d'Ocre.

Saint-Martin-sur-Ouanne

Saint-Martin-sur-Ouanne is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Saint-Maurice-aux-Riches-Hommes

Saint-Maurice-aux-Riches-Hommes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Maurice-le-Vieil

Saint-Maurice-le-Vieil is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Maurice-Thizouaille

Saint-Maurice-Thizouaille is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica (2011)

The National Stadium of Costa Rica () is a multi-purpose stadium. It is mostly used for football matches. The stadium is in San José, Costa Rica. It is the largest stadium in Costa Rica and one of the largest in Central America. It holds about 35,000 people. It is the home ground of the Costa Rica national football team.
The stadium was opened in 2011. It was built in the same place where the old national stadium (built in 1924) was located.

The stadium is the only venue of the 2013 Copa Centroamericana.

Saint-Moré

Saint-Moré is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Privé, Yonne

Saint-Privé is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villethierry

Villethierry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeroy, Yonne

Villeroy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Romain-le-Preux

Saint-Romain-le-Preux is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sépeaux-Saint-Romain.


Saints-en-Puisaye

Saints-en-Puisaye is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Sauveur-en-Puisaye

Saint-Sauveur-en-Puisaye is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Sérotin

Saint-Sérotin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saint-Valérien, Yonne

Saint-Valérien is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Saligny, Yonne

Saligny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sambourg

Sambourg is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Santigny

Santigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sarry, Yonne

Sarry is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sauvigny-le-Beuréal

Sauvigny-le-Beuréal is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sauvigny-le-Bois

Sauvigny-le-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Savigny-en-Terre-Plaine

Savigny-en-Terre-Plaine is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeperrot

Villeperrot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-sur-Yonne

Villeneuve-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-Saint-Salves

Villeneuve-Saint-Salves is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-les-Genêts

Villeneuve-les-Genêts is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-l'Archevêque

Villeneuve-l'Archevêque is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-la-Guyard

Villeneuve-la-Guyard is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeneuve-la-Dondagre

Villeneuve-la-Dondagre is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villenavotte

Villenavotte is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villemer, Yonne

Villemer is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Valravillon.


Savigny-sur-Clairis

Savigny-sur-Clairis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villemanoche

Villemanoche is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sceaux, Yonne

Sceaux is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Guillon-Terre-Plaine.


Seignelay

Seignelay is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sementron

Sementron is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Senan, Yonne

Senan is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sennevoy-le-Bas

Sennevoy-le-Bas is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sennevoy-le-Haut

Sennevoy-le-Haut is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sens

Sens is a French commune. It is in the north of the Yonne department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, to the southeast of Paris, and is a subprefecture in the department. It is also the capital of the "arrrondissement" of Sens.

Sens is the second "commune" of the department by its population, after Auxerre, prefecture of the department.

The city of Sens is in the northern part of the Yonne department, in the northwest of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region and bordered by three other regions: Île-de-France, Grand Est and Centre-Val de Loire. It is in the valley of the Yonne river.

The "commune" of Sens has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Two rivers flow through the "commune":

The city of Sens is surrounded by the "communes":

The Köppen climate classification type for Sens is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The inhabitants of Sens are known, in French, as "Sénonais" (women: "Sénonaises").

With a population of 25,507, Sens has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Sens

Sens is a subprefecture of the Yonne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Sens and the administrative centre () of two cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Grand Sénonais" ().

Sens is twinned with:


Some interesting places in Sens are:



Sépeaux

Sépeaux is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sépeaux-Saint-Romain.


Jack Lew

Jacob Joseph "Jack" Lew (born August 29, 1955) is an American politician, lawyer and diplomat who has been the U.S. Ambassador to Israel since 2023. He was the 76th Secretary of the Treasury from 2013 to 2017. He was also the 25th White House Chief of Staff from 2012 to 2013. Lew previously was Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the Clinton and Obama Administrations. He is a member of the Democratic party.

On January 10, 2013, Lew was nominated to become United States Secretary of the Treasury during Obama's second term replacing Timothy Geithner, who retired. He was confirmed for being the next secretary of the treasury by the United States Senate on February 27, 2013.

On September 5, 2023, President Joe Biden announced his intent to nominate Lew to serve as United States ambassador to Israel. On October 31, 2023, Lew was confirmed as Ambassador to Israel by a vote of 53 to 43 along party lines, with only Republican Senators Rand Paul and Lindsey Graham voting to approve his nomination.


Serbonnes

Serbonnes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sergines

Sergines is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sermizelles

Sermizelles is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Serrigny

Serrigny is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sery, Yonne

Sery is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Les Sièges

Les Sièges is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sommecaise

Sommecaise is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sormery

Sormery is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Soucy, Yonne

Soucy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Sougères-en-Puisaye

Sougères-en-Puisaye is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Soumaintrain

Soumaintrain is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Stigny

Stigny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Subligny, Yonne

Subligny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Taingy

Taingy is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Les Hauts de Forterre.


Talcy, Yonne

Talcy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Val-de-Mercy

Val-de-Mercy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tanlay

Tanlay is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tannerre-en-Puisaye

Tannerre-en-Puisaye is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tharoiseau

Tharoiseau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tharot

Tharot is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Theil-sur-Vanne

Theil-sur-Vanne is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Les Vallées-de-la-Vanne.


Thizy, Yonne

Thizy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Thorey

Thorey is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Thorigny-sur-Oreuse

Thorigny-sur-Oreuse is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Thory, Yonne

Thory is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Thury, Yonne

Thury is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tissey

Tissey is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tonnerre

Tonnerre is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Toucy

Toucy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Treigny

Treigny is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Treigny-Perreuse-Sainte-Colombe.


Trévilly

Trévilly is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Guillon-Terre-Plaine.


Lists of communes of France

The following lists give the communes of France within each department:

Overseas departments ("département d'outre-mer" or "DOM"):

Overseas collectivities ("collectivité d'outre-mer" or "COM"):


Trichey

Trichey is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Tronchoy

Tronchoy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Trucy-sur-Yonne

Trucy-sur-Yonne is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Turny

Turny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vallan

Vallan is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vallery

Vallery is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vareilles, Yonne

Vareilles is a former commune in the Yonne department in the centre of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Les Vallées-de-la-Vanne.


Varennes, Yonne

Varennes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vassy-sous-Pisy

Vassy-sous-Pisy (before 2010: "Vassy") is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vaudeurs

Vaudeurs is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vault-de-Lugny

Vault-de-Lugny is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vaumort

Vaumort is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Venizy

Venizy is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Venouse

Venouse is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Venoy

Venoy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vergigny

Vergigny is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Verlin

Verlin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vermenton

Vermenton is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune of Sacy was merged into Vermenton.


Vernoy

Vernoy is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Véron

Véron is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vézannes

Vézannes is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vézelay

Vézelay is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vézinnes

Vézinnes is a commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Vignes, Yonne

Vignes is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Guillon-Terre-Plaine.


Villefranche, Yonne

Villefranche is a former commune. It is in the Yonne department in the center of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye.


Villefargeau

Villefargeau is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villecien

Villecien is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villechétive

Villechétive is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villebougis

Villebougis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Villeblevin

Villeblevin is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.


Hérisson

Hérisson is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Huriel

Huriel is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Hyds

Hyds is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Isle-et-Bardais

Isle-et-Bardais is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Isserpent

Isserpent is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Jaligny-sur-Besbre

Jaligny-sur-Besbre is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Jenzat

Jenzat is a French commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Laféline

Laféline is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lalizolle

Lalizolle is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lamaids

Lamaids is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Langy

Langy is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lapalisse

Lapalisse is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montilly

Montilly is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Montet

Le Montet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montmarault

Montmarault is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vieure

Vieure is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montvicq

Montvicq is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montord

Montord is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montoldre

Montoldre is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Néris-les-Bains

Néris-les-Bains is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Neuilly-en-Donjon

Neuilly-en-Donjon is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Villebret

Villebret is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Vilhain

Le Vilhain is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Veurdre

Le Veurdre is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Laprugne

Laprugne is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lavault-Sainte-Anne

Lavault-Sainte-Anne is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lavoine

Lavoine is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lenax

Lenax is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lételon

Lételon is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Liernolles

Liernolles is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lignerolles, Allier

Lignerolles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Limoise

Limoise is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Loddes

Loddes () is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes.


Loriges

Loriges is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Louchy-Montfand

Louchy-Montfand is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Louroux-Bourbonnais

Louroux-Bourbonnais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Louroux-de-Beaune

Louroux-de-Beaune is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Louroux-de-Bouble

Louroux-de-Bouble is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Louroux-Hodement

Louroux-Hodement is a former commune in the Allier department in central France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Haut-Bocage.


Monteignet-sur-l'Andelot

Monteignet-sur-l'Andelot is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montcombroux-les-Mines

Montcombroux-les-Mines is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montbeugny

Montbeugny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montaigu-le-Blin

Montaigu-le-Blin is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Montaiguët-en-Forez

Montaiguët-en-Forez is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Monétay-sur-Loire

Monétay-sur-Loire is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Monétay-sur-Allier

Monétay-sur-Allier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Monestier, Allier

Monestier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Molles

Molles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Molinet

Molinet is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Mesples

Mesples is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Mercy, Allier

Mercy is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Meillers

Meillers is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Meillard

Meillard is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Meaulne

Meaulne is a former commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Meaulne-Vitray.


Mazirat

Mazirat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Mazerier

Mazerier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Luneau

Luneau is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Mayet-de-Montagne

Le Mayet-de-Montagne is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Mayet-d'École

Le Mayet-d'École is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Mariol

Mariol is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Marigny, Allier

Marigny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Marcillat-en-Combraille

Marcillat-en-Combraille is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Marcenat, Allier

Marcenat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Malicorne, Allier

Malicorne is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Maillet, Allier

Maillet was a commune in the Allier department in central France. On 1 January 2016, it became part of the new commune Haut-Bocage.


Neuilly-le-Réal

Neuilly-le-Réal is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Neure

Neure is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lurcy-Lévis

Lurcy-Lévis is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Lusigny

Lusigny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Magnet, Allier

Magnet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Neuvy, Allier

Neuvy is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Nizerolles

Nizerolles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Noyant-d'Allier

Noyant-d'Allier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Paray-le-Frésil

Paray-le-Frésil is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Paray-sous-Briailles

Paray-sous-Briailles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Périgny, Allier

Périgny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Pierrefitte-sur-Loire

Pierrefitte-sur-Loire is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Pin, Allier

Le Pin is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Poëzat

Poëzat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vernusse

Vernusse is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Verneuil-en-Bourbonnais

Verneuil-en-Bourbonnais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Pouzy-Mésangy

Pouzy-Mésangy is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Prémilhat

Prémilhat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Quinssaines

Quinssaines is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Reugny, Allier

Reugny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Rocles, Allier

Rocles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Rongères

Rongères is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Ronnet

Ronnet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Angel, Allier

Saint-Angel is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Aubin-le-Monial

Saint-Aubin-le-Monial is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Bonnet-de-Four

Saint-Bonnet-de-Four is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Bonnet-de-Rochefort

Saint-Bonnet-de-Rochefort is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Bonnet-Tronçais

Saint-Bonnet-Tronçais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Caprais, Allier

Saint-Caprais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Christophe, Allier

Saint-Christophe is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Clément, Allier

Saint-Clément is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Désiré

Saint-Désiré is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Didier-en-Donjon

Saint-Didier-en-Donjon is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Didier-la-Forêt

Saint-Didier-la-Forêt is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Éloy-d'Allier

Saint-Éloy-d'Allier is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Ennemond

Saint-Ennemond is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Sainte-Thérence

Sainte-Thérence is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Étienne-de-Vicq

Saint-Étienne-de-Vicq is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Fargeol

Saint-Fargeol is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Félix, Allier

Saint-Félix is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Genest, Allier

Saint-Genest is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Gérand-de-Vaux

Saint-Gérand-de-Vaux is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Gérand-le-Puy

Saint-Gérand-le-Puy is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Germain-de-Salles

Saint-Germain-de-Salles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Germain-des-Fossés

Saint-Germain-des-Fossés is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Hilaire, Allier

Saint-Hilaire is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France. In 1999 there was 567 peoples.


Saint-Léger-sur-Vouzance

Saint-Léger-sur-Vouzance is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Léon, Allier

Saint-Léon is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Léopardin-d'Augy

Saint-Léopardin-d'Augy is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Loup, Allier

Saint-Loup is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Marcel-en-Marcillat

Saint-Marcel-en-Marcillat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Marcel-en-Murat

Saint-Marcel-en-Murat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Martin-des-Lais

Saint-Martin-des-Lais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Martinien

Saint-Martinien is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Menoux

Saint-Menoux is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Nicolas-des-Biefs

Saint-Nicolas-des-Biefs is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Palais, Allier

Saint-Palais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Pierre-Laval

Saint-Pierre-Laval is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Plaisir

Saint-Plaisir is a commune in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Pont

Saint-Pont is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Pourçain-sur-Besbre

Saint-Pourçain-sur-Besbre is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Pourçain-sur-Sioule

Saint-Pourçain-sur-Sioule is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Priest-d'Andelot

Saint-Priest-d'Andelot is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Priest-en-Murat

Saint-Priest-en-Murat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Prix, Allier

Saint-Prix is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Rémy-en-Rollat

Saint-Rémy-en-Rollat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Sauvier

Saint-Sauvier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Sornin, Allier

Saint-Sornin is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Victor, Allier

Saint-Victor is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Voir

Saint-Voir is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saint-Yorre

Saint-Yorre is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saligny-sur-Roudon

Saligny-sur-Roudon is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Sanssat

Sanssat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saulcet

Saulcet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Saulzet

Saulzet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Sauvagny

Sauvagny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Sazeret

Sazeret is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Serbannes

Serbannes is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Servilly

Servilly is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Seuillet

Seuillet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Sorbier

Sorbier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Souvigny

Souvigny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Sussat

Sussat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Target, Allier

Target is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Taxat-Senat

Taxat-Senat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Teillet-Argenty

Teillet-Argenty is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Terjat

Terjat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of Germany, France.


Le Theil, Allier

Le Theil is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Theneuille

Theneuille is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Thiel-sur-Acolin

Thiel-sur-Acolin is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Thionne

Thionne is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Tortezais

Tortezais is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Toulon-sur-Allier

Toulon-sur-Allier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Treban

Treban is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Treignat

Treignat is a commune. It is in the Allier department in the center of France.


Treteau

Treteau is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Trévol

Trévol is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Trézelles

Trézelles is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Tronget

Tronget is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Urçay

Urçay is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Ussel-d'Allier

Ussel-d'Allier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Bodily integrity

Bodily integrity is the idea that a person's body belongs only to that person, and only he or she should decide what happens to it. Violations of bodily integrity may include rape or murder. It is also sometimes used in debates about euthanasia or circumcision.

It is one of the principles of liberalism. It may also be called other names such as "self-ownership", "individual autonomy" or "self-determination".

The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities also requires protection of physical and mental integrity.

Quack Pack

Quack Pack is an animated Disney television series. Is the second spin-off of the series are DuckTales. The series was originally shown from September 3, 1996 to November 28, 1996. It had a total of 39 episodes.












Goof Troop

Goof Troop is an animated Disney television series. The series was originally shown from September 5, 1992 to May 1993. It had a total of 79 episodes. They started planning on the movies in early 1993 and early 1997, They wanted to release these movies in November 1994 and October 1998 as "A Goofy Movie 2" and "A Goofy Movie 3" was supposed to release in July 2000, "A Goofy Movie 4" in February 2004 and "A Goofy Movie 5" in September 2008. but the first two got delayed to May 1995 and February 2000 and the third, fourth and fifth films was cancelled.




Bonkers (American TV series)

Bonkers is an animated Disney television series. Originally was the spin-off of the 1992 television series Raw Toonage. The series was originally shown from September 4, 1993 to February 23, 1994. It had 65 episodes.



Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers

Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers is an American animated television series. The series was originally shown from March 4, 1989 to November 19, 1990. It had a total of 65 episodes.



Thirteen VHS cassettes contaning 26 episodes of the series were released on Argentinina/Chile.
The Argentinina/Chile DVD releases was as the American release separated into three discs but has seven remaining episodes removed the third collection remains unaltered.

TaleSpin

TaleSpin is an American animated television show. It is based on characters from Disney's The Jungle Book movie. Instead of being wild animals from the jungle, the characters in TaleSpin wear clothes, live in a town, and have jobs. The series was originally shown from May 5, 1990 to August 8, 1991. It had a total of 65 episodes.


Eleven VHS cassettes containing 21 episodes of the series were released in Argentinina/Chile.
The sets from Germany and the United Kingdom have also been released in Argentinina/Chile. The First Collection came out on September 15, 2012. The Second Collection was released on April 12, 2013. The Third Collection was released on September 14, 2013.


Gargoyles

Gargoyles is an animated Disney television series. The series was originally shown from October 24, 1994 to February 15, 1997, airing in syndication from 1994 to 1996, and on ABC from 1996 until the end of its run. It had a total of 78 episodes.


Valignat

Valignat is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Valigny

Valigny is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vallon-en-Sully

Vallon-en-Sully is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Varennes-sur-Allier

Varennes-sur-Allier is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Varennes-sur-Tèche

Varennes-sur-Tèche is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vaumas

Vaumas is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Vaux, Allier

Vaux is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Veauce

Veauce is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Le Vernet, Allier

Le Vernet is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.


Verneix

Verneix is a commune. It is in Allier in the center of France.


Venas

Venas is a commune. It is in Allier in the center of France.


Vendat

Vendat is a commune. It is in Allier in the center of France.


Aladdin (animated TV series)

Aladdin is an animated Disney television series based on the 1992 movie. The series ran from September 5, 1994 to November 25, 1995 with 86 episodes.



Los Ángeles, Chile

Los Ángeles is a Chilean city. It is the capital and main city of the Bío Bío province, Bío Bío region.

The commune of Los Ángeles is between the Laja and Bío Bío rivers and has an area of . It is from the national capital of Santiago.

The commune is bordered on the north by the Yumbel and Cabrero communes and the Ñuble province, on the east by the Quilleco and Santa Bárbara communes, on the south by the Mulchén and Negrete communes, and on the west by the Nacimiento and Laja communes.

The climate of Los Ángeles is a Mediterranean climate, Cfb in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Los Ángeles is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Los Ángeles is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .
As of 2002, there were 166,556 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The city of Los Ángeles has an urban area of and a population, in 2002, of 117,972 inhabitants.

Its inhabitants are called "Angelinos" (women, "Angelinas").



The Little Mermaid (TV series)

The Little Mermaid was an animated Disney television series. It was based on The Little Mermaid movie. The series was shown from September 11, 1992 to November 26, 1994. It had a total of 31 episodes.




The Lion King's Timon and Pumbaa

The Lion King's Timon and Pumbaa is an animated Disney television series. It is based off The Lion King movie. The series was shown from September 16, 1995 to 1999. It had a total of 86 episodes.


Five VHS cassettes contaning 35 episodes of the series were released on the Argentinina in Chilean.
Five DVDs containing 35 episodes of the series were released on the Argentinina in Chilean.
Daytime Emmy Awards


Lebu, Chile

Lebu is a Chilean port city and commune. The city is also the capital of the Arauco Province in Bío Bío Region. It lies on the south bank of the mouth of the Lebu River. The commune includes the Mocha Island. Lebu was founded on 1862 thanks to some number of colonies in the zone. The commune has an area of 561.4 km. According to the INE census of 2002, the population is with 25,035 inhabitants.


Jungle Cubs

The Fox and The Hound: The Series is an animated Disney television series. It is based on "The Fox and The Hound" as it is focused on the youth of Tod and copper before the events of the "The Fox and The Hound 2". The series was first shown from October 5, 2003 to January 10, 2006 before it's reruns to the "Disney Channel". The show was broadcast on "Fox Family Channel", but was taken off off the schedule in 2004. Reruns aired on "Disney Junior" from 2012 to 2013. The series also aired on "Toon Disney" and in the United Kingdom.


Three VHS cassettes containing 11 episodes of the series were released on the Argentinian in Chilean.
Three DVDs containing 11 episodes of the series were released on the Argentinian in Chilean.

101 Dalmatians: The Series

101 Dalmatians is an animated Disney television series. Is based on the "101 Dalmatians" movie. The series was originally shown from September 1, 1997 to March 4, 1998 in first run syndication and on ABC's "One Saturday Morning" lineup. It had a total of 65 episodes.

The main characters in the series are Lucky, Cadpig, Rolly, and Spot. Lucky is the most adventurous of the 99 puppies and is unique in having his only spots in the shape of a horseshoe on his back. Cadpig is another runt of the litter and the smallest of the 99 puppies but quite possibly the most intelligent, if not deluded. She is unique in having long floppy ears, a big head, a kind personality, and she's also quite strong for her size. Rolly is the very hungry one. Almost all his decisions are based on food and this, at times, gets him and the pups into trouble. He is, however, a loyal and helpful sibling, especially when it comes to his incredible sense of smell. Spot is a chicken who wants to become a Dalmatian. She is a voice of reason for the foursome but, more often than not, is ignored. She is easily frightened and is prone to literally bouncing off the walls. She is, however, a good dancer (which has to count for something, according to her) and appears to be good at math. She is also able to fly. Patch appears in the series in his look from the Dodie Smith novel; he appears to be more laid-back unlike . Dipstick retains a bit of his movie look; he is portrayed as dimwitted but loyal. Wizzer changed quite a bit from his movie look, being smaller and with white ears and a red collar. He follows Mooch's orders without question and is still prone to having accidents as in the live-action movie. Two-Tone changed quite a bit from her movie appearance, now having two black ears, a gold hoop earring in her right ear, a chubby body, a blue collar instead of pink, and a lower black body with white spots. She was Mooch's girlfriend and second in command of his gang until she dated Lucky in "Love 'Em and Flea 'Em." Since then, Two-Tone has gone off on her own.

The main villains in the series are Cruella de Vil and her henchmen, Horace and Jasper. Cruella is now a corporate criminal and most of her plans revolve around getting richer, tormenting the Dalmatians, and plotting to steal the Dearly Farm. Horace and Jasper are usually hired to perform her plans, usually failing.

Other characters include Roger Dearly, Anita Dearly, Nanny, Pongo, Perdita, Mooch, Scorch, the Colonel, Sergeant Tibbs, Captain, Lt. Pug, Thunderbolt, Lucy, Swamp Rat, Steven the alligator, Cydne the snake, and the entire de Vil family.


House of Mouse

Disney's House of Mouse is a animated television series produced by Disney Television Animation. It was on television from 2000 to 2009. In the television show Mickey Mouse and his friends have a dinner theater called the "House of Mouse" in downtown Toontown. It features many different Disney characters together.
Notable staff at the House of Mouse include:

Below are descriptions of the areas within the club itself.

Foyer

Restaurant / Theater

Backstage

Kitchen

Control Room

Prop Room


Pindar

Pindar (; , ; ; c. 518 – 438 BC) was an ancient Greek poet of Thebes. He was born in Boeotia, around 518 BC. He died in Argos, at age 80 in 438 BC. He is known for his odes in praise of athletes and their accomplishments but he wrote poems in many other forms as well.

Radioactive contamination

Radioactive contamination or radiological contamination is the contamination of the environment with radioactive materials, where these materials are not present. Many radioactive substances have very long half lives; this means that if they are present in the envioroment, they can be dangerous for a very long time. Many nuclear power plants produce such substances; usually they are processed to radioactive waste. There is little danger that comes from radioactive waste,if it is stored safely.


Battle of Chaeronea

The Battle of Chaeronea was a battle in Ancient Greece. It was fought in 338 BC near the city of Chaeronea in Boeotia. It was fought between the armies of Philip II of Macedon and an alliance of some of the Greek city-states including Athens and Thebes. The battle was the end of Philip's campaign in Greece (339–338 BC). It was a strong victory for the Macedonians.

Homosexuality in the militaries of ancient Greece

Homosexuality in the militaries of ancient Greece was regarded as contributing to morale. The chief example is the Sacred Band of Thebes, a unit said to have been formed of same-sex couples. The Spartan tradition of military heroism has also been explained in light of strong emotional bonds resulting from homosexual relationships. Various ancient Greek sources record incidents of courage in battle and interpret them as motivated by homoerotic bonds.

Some Greek philosophers wrote on the subject of homosexuality in the military. In Plato's "Symposium", the interlocutor Phaedrus commented on the power of male sexual relationships to improve bravery in the military:

However, the "Symposium" is a dialectical exploration of the nature of true love. Phaedrus' views are soon found to be inadequate compared to the transcendent vision of Socrates, who:

Xenophon did not criticize the relationships themselves. He ridiculed militaries that made them the sole basis of unit formation:

According to tradition, the Greeks structured military units along tribal lines. This was a practice attributed to Nestor in the Homeric epics. The Theban military commander Pammenes, however, is supposed to have advocated military organization based on pairs of lovers:
Plutarch himself appears to doubt the veracity of these accounts. It is to be doubted if Pammenes actually organized military units along homosexual lines. Eventually the Greek city-states joined Pammenes' views on the most effective order of unit formation. The practice soon proliferated. City-states that had originally frowned upon the idea reversed opinions on the basis of their own experiences.

One such example is supposed to have taken place during the Lelantine War between the Eretrians and the Chalcidians. The account is given by Plutarch in a dialogue.

In a decisive battle the Chalcidians called for the aid of a warrior named Cleomachus. Cleomachus answered their request. He brought his lover along with him. He charged against the Eretians and brought the Chalcidians to victory at the cost of his own life. It was said he was inspired with love during the battle. Afterwards the Chalcidians, erected a tomb for him in their marketplace. They reversed their negative view of homosexuality, and began to honor it. The fundamental point seems to be that the superiority of heterosexual love does not imply condemnation of homosexuality. Aristotle attributed a popular local song to the event:

The importance of these relationships in military formation was not without controversy. According to Xenophon, the Spartans abhorred the thought of using the relationships as the basis of unit formation for placing too much significance on sexuality rather than talent. This was due to their founder Lycurgus who attacked lusts on physical beauty, regarding it as shameful. Xenophon asserted that in some city-states the lovers would not even have conversations with one another. He said this type of behavior was horrible because it was entirely based on physical attractions:

Nonetheless city-states that employed the practice in determining military formation enjoyed some success. The Thebans are said to have had one such regiment as the core of their entire army. They attributed this group called the Sacred Band of Thebes for making Thebes the most powerful city-state for a generation until its fall to Philip II of Macedon. Philip II of Macedon was so impressed with their bravery during the battle he erected a monument that still stands today on their gravesite. He also gave a harsh criticism of the Spartan views of the band:

One of the prominent Greek military figures enjoying such a relationship was Epaminondas, considered the greatest warrior-statesmen of ancient Thebes by many, including the Roman historian Diodorus Siculus. Diodorus however does not have anything to say about the sexual orientation of Epaminondas or the Sacred Band, nor does he say anything about the following account, again from Plutarch (Amatorius 17). According to Plutarch dramatic dialogue, Epaminondas had two male lovers: Asopichus and Caphisodorus, the latter died with him at Mantineia in battle. They were buried together, something usually reserved for a husband and wife in Greek society. Plutarch, consistently with his heterosexual message, then goes on to tell how love also inspires women to great courage: "And here, methinks, we have very opportunely mentioned Alcestis; for although the temper of women has little to do with Mars, Love many times drives them to daring attempts beyond their own nature, even to death."




E.G. Daily

Elizabeth Guttman "E.G." Daily (born Elizbeth Ann Guttman, September 11, 1961, in Los Angeles, California) is an American actress, voice talent and singer. She has acted on television and in movies and video games. She is best known as the voice of Thomas Malcolm "Tommy" Pickles in "Rugrats"/"All Grown Up" and "The Powerpuff Girls" franchise.

Awty International School

The Awty International School is a private school in Houston, Texas. It is for pre-kindergarten through 12th grade. It is the largest international school in the United States.

Awty was founded in 1956 as pre-school by Kathleen Awty. Adding High School, in 1975, the complex changed Awty into College preparatory school. They then united with French School of Houston and became Awty International School, as it is today, in 1984. Enrollment increased from 600 to 1,475 during last 15 years. In 1990 there was pre-school building added, in 1991 new high school building, in 1995 pre-school classrooms were added. Finally, in 2009, Awty opened athletic stadium with a soccer field, track, and tennis courts.

Awty is made of a big French Section and huge International Section. It is an accredited international and largest private school in US. It's licensed by ISAS and CIS, and also it is member of NAIS.

School faculty comes from about 30 different countries and they are native speakers of languages from these countries.

Students are 40% American, 30% French and 30% from many other countries around the world.

Graduates attend universities in the US, Canada, Latin America, Australia, the Middle East, Asia and Europe.

The school is located on a 15-acre (61,000 m2) campus in central Houston. It includes 300 classrooms, 6 science laboratories, 3 art rooms, 4 computer laboratories, 3 libraries, 2 lunch rooms, 2 covered basketball/volleyball courts, an athletics center, 2 soccer fields and 2 gymnasiums.

Awty's Vision is to inspire and educate students, so they could think outside the box, with help of unigque school spirit and welcoming campus.

The Awty International School provides a challenging education, leading to either the International Baccalaureate or the French Baccalauréat.
Within a friendly and nurturing environment, which encourages learning and the pursuit of excellence, Awty celebrates linguistic, cultural and international diversity and seeks to maximize the potential in all of our students as they grow to become responsible world citizens.

The school is member of TAPPS, they play basketball, perform in music contests or win in soccer. A lot of Awty's musicians are in TAPPS Area or Region band.


Cygnus (constellation)

Cygnus is a constellation in the northern sky. Cygnus means "swan" in Greek. There is a pattern of stars in Cygnus that is called the Northern Cross. This is because the pattern of stars looks like a cross. The constellation Crux (constellation) has a pattern of stars that is called the Southern Cross. The astronomer Ptolemy listed Cygnus in the 2nd century when he made a list of constellations.



Imagine Dragons

Imagine Dragons is an American pop rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada. Its members are its lead singer Dan Reynolds, guitarist Wayne Sermon, bassist Ben McKee, and drummer Daniel Platzman. The band first got attention for its single "It's Time". This was followed by its award-winning debut studio album "Night Visions" (2012). This album had two of its chart-topping singles "Radioactive" and "Demons". "Rolling Stone" named "Radioactive" the "biggest rock hit of the year" after it held the record for most weeks on the "Billboard" Hot 100. MTV called them "the year's biggest breakout band", and "Billboard" said they were their "Breakthrough Band of 2013" and "Biggest Band of 2017". "Billboard" put them at the top of their "Year of Rock" rankings for 2013, 2017, and 2018. Imagine Dragons topped the "Billboard" Year-End "Top Artists – Duo/Group" category in 2018.

The band's second studio album "Smoke + Mirrors" (2015) got to number one in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. Next they released their third album "Evolve" (2017). This album had three chart-topping singles, "Believer", "Thunder", and "Whatever it Takes". This helped them become the artist with the most weeks at number one on the "Billboard" Hot Rock Songs chart. The album reached the top five in many countries. The band's fourth album "Origins" (2018) included the song "Natural". "Natural" became their fifth song to top the Hot Rock Songs chart. The band released their fifth album "Mercury – Act 1" on September 3, 2021 and its follow-up "Mercury – Act 2" on July 1, 2022.

Imagine Dragons has won three American Music Awards, nine "Billboard" Music Awards, one Grammy Award, one MTV Video Music Award, and one World Music Award. In May 2014, the band was nominated for 14 "Billboard" Music Awards. These include Top Artist of the Year and a Milestone Award. In April 2018, the band was nominated 11 more times for "Billboard" Music Awards.

Imagine Dragons has sold more than 75 million records worldwide. This makes them one of the world's best-selling music artists. They were the most streamed group of 2018 on Spotify and are the first rock act to have four songs, "Radioactive", "Demons", "Believer", and "Thunder", to have over one billion streams each. According to "Billboard", "Believer", "Thunder", and "Radioactive" were the three best performing rock songs of the 2010s.

In 2008, lead singer Dan Reynolds met drummer Andrew Tolman at Brigham Young University, where they were both students. Reynolds and Tolman recruited Andrew Beck, Dave Lemke, and Aurora Florence to play guitar, bass, and piano respectively for their band. Their name is an anagram for a phrase only known to members of the group, which Reynolds said each member approved of. The five released an extended play called "Speak to Me" that year. However, Beck and Florence left the band later that year. In 2009, Tolman recruited long-time high school friend Wayne Sermon to play guitar. Sermon had graduated from Berklee College of Music. Tolman later recruited his wife, Brittany Tolman, to sing back-up and play keys and the band began to play again. Lemke left the band later on, so Sermon recruited Ben McKee to join the band as their bassist. The band got a large following in their hometown of Provo, Utah before they moved to Las Vegas, where the band recorded and released their first three extended plays.

The band released a self-titled extended play "Imagine Dragons" on September 1, 2009, and "Hell and Silence" on March 10, 2010, both recorded at Battle Born Studios, in Las Vegas. They released their third extended play, "It's Time" on March 12, 2011. Six months later, they signed a record deal with Interscope Records on November 18, 2011.

They got their first big break when Train's frontman Pat Monahan fell sick just prior to the Bite of Las Vegas Festival 2009. Imagine Dragons was called to fill in and performed to a crowd of more than 26,000 people. Local accolades including "Best CD of 2011" ("Vegas SEVEN"), "Best Local Indie Band 2010" ("Las Vegas Weekly"), "Las Vegas' Newest Must See Live Act" ("Las Vegas CityLife"), Vegas Music Summit Headliner 2010, and more sent the band higher in popularity. In November 2011, they began working with English Grammy Award-winning producer Alex da Kid. Eventually, the Tolmans left the group. Daniel Platzman and keyboardist Theresa Flaminio were recruited by Ben McKee in August 2011, before the band's label deal in November 2011.

Theresa Flaminio left Imagine Dragons in early 2012, leaving them as a quartet. The band worked with Alex da Kid. They recorded their first major-label release at Westlake Recording Studios in West Hollywood, California with him. An extended play called "Continued Silence" was released on Valentine's Day (February 14, 2012) digitally and got to number 40 on the "Billboard" 200. The band also released an extended play called "Hear Me" in 2012.

Shortly after, "It's Time" was released as a single and got to number 15 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The music video debuted on April 17, 2012, on all MTV services and was nominated for an MTV Video Music Award in the "Best Rock Video" category. "It's Time" was made a 6× platinum single by the RIAA.

The band finished recording their debut album "Night Visions" in the summer of 2012 at Studio X inside Palms Casino Resort and released the album in the United States on September 4, 2012. It peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 chart with first week sales of more than 83,000 copies, the highest charting for a debut rock album since 2006. The album also reached No. 1 on the Billboard Alternative and Rock Album charts and the top ten on the Australian, Austrian, Canadian, Dutch, German, Irish, Norwegian, Portuguese, Scottish, Spanish, and United Kingdom Albums charts. It won a Billboard Music Award for Top Rock Album and was nominated for the Juno Award for International Album of the Year. "Night Visions" is certified platinum in the US by the RIAA as well as in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, Poland, Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland, and the UK. The album had three songs that got to the "Billboard" Top 40, four songs in the ARIA Top 40, and five songs in the UK Top 40.

The album's second single "Radioactive" reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs, "Billboard" Rock Songs, and Swedish singles chart and has sold more than 14 million singles in the United States, going into the top 3 of the most selling songs digitally ever. It also beat the record of the longest song on the "Billboard" Hot 100 by spending 87 weeks before being broken by The Weeknd's "Blinding Lights" in 2021. "Radioactive" stayed at No. 1 on the Hot Rock Songs chart for a record-breaking 23 weeks and became the genre's biggest hit of 2013. It peaked at No. 3, becoming their first top ten single in the United States and broke the record for the longest run into the top five. It is the best-selling rock song on the Nielsen SoundScan running list of best-selling rock songs in digital history. By the end of 2013, "Radioactive" had already sold over 3 million copies. "Rolling Stone" called it "the biggest rock hit of the year". It was also the most streamed song of 2013 on Spotify in the United States. It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Record of the Year and the Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards. It won the Grammy Award for Best Rock performance.

Third single "Demons" reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Pop Songs, peaked at No. 6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and spent 61 weeks on it. In 2021, RIAA said that the song has become the band's third diamond selling song in the US.

Fourth single "On Top Of The World" reached No. 79 on the Billboard Hot 100 and also spent 20 weeks on the chart.

In the US, the non-singles off the album, "Bleeding Out" and "Amsterdam" were certified platinum while "Hear Me" and "Tiptoe" were certified gold.

"Billboard" listed them as one of "2012's Brightest New Stars" and later "The Breakout Band of 2013". Imagine Dragons won the 2014 Billboard Music Awards for Top Duo/Group, Top Hot 100 Artist, and Top Rock Artist. Amazon.com called the band their "Favorite Rock Artist of 2012".

In 2013, Imagine Dragons went back to Europe and North America with the Night Visions Tour. The band announced 13 more US summer tour dates which also sold out. The band then announced a North America Amphitheatre tour. 

The band released a live album, "Live at Independent Records", in April 2013.

The idea behind the second album was to create music and finish it when the band feels that their work is done. Since the beginning of the Night Visions Tour, the band had been writing new material for the next album. Even as early as the start of the tour they had been recording demos for the album. By the time that they went into the studio to work on the album, they had created 50 demos to work from.

Before the album's release, Imagine Dragons released a number of singles for other projects including a song for the film "", called "Battle Cry" (June 2014) and “Warriors" for the 2014 League of Legends World Championship (September 2014).

On October 24, they showed the lead single to the upcoming album, "I Bet My Life" on Facebook and Instagram. It was released on October 27. It was sent to US Alternative radio for ads on November 3. On December 16, the band announced their second album "Smoke + Mirrors" and the release of its second single "Gold". "Shots" was released as the album's third single on January 26, 2015.

Imagine Dragons played at the Mayan Theater in Los Angeles on February 5, 2015. The half-hour set included the live debut of unreleased songs "Summer" and "I'm So Sorry". On February 8, the band partnered with Target for a performance of "Shots" as part of a live commercial during the Grammy Awards.  "Smoke + Mirrors" was released on February 17. The album debuted on top of the Billboard 200, making it the band's first number one album. The band began a world tour on June 3 in Portland, Oregon.

During the band's tour, Imagine Dragons released two non-album singles. "Roots" was released on August 26, 2015, and "I Was Me" on October 12, 2015, on iTunes. The band also released a cover of "I Love You All the Time" by Eagles of Death Metal on December 18, 2015, in support of the victims of the November 2015 Paris attacks. The Smoke + Mirrors Tour ended on February 5, 2016, in Amsterdam.

They released the soundtracks songs "Not Today" from "Me Before You" and "Sucker for Pain" from "Suicide Squad" with Lil Wayne, Wiz Khalifa, Logic, Ty Dolla Sign, and X Ambassadors in April and June, respectively.

Imagine Dragons began recording their third album in September 2016. The band teased the upcoming album by posting cryptic messages on their Twitter account for the next four months. They released the song "Levitate", recorded for the film "Passengers", on December 2, 2016. On January 28, 2017, the band started posting a series of videos teasing the album's first single. The time-lapse videos featured lead singer Dan Reynolds drawing surreal images on a drawing pad. Morse code was hidden in the videos and translated to "objects of same color".

On February 1, 2017, Imagine Dragons released "Believer" as the lead single for their next album. "Believer" was used as part of a Super Bowl ad for the Nintendo Switch. On April 27, 2017, the band released "Thunder" as the second single from their third album. On May 8, 2017, Imagine Dragons announced their third studio album "Evolve", as well as a new track "Whatever It Takes", which was released on the same day. A tour in support for the album was also announced within the same day. The tour was held across 33 countries from September 2017 through September 2018.

"Evolve" was released on June 23, 2017, worldwide. The album reached the top five in most countries but was met with mixed critical responses. The album and the single "Thunder" received nominations for Best Pop Vocal Album and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance, respectively, at the 60th Annual Grammy Awards. "Whatever It Takes" was released as an official single off the album a few months later on October 6, 2017. The song won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Rock Video in 2018. On February 14, 2018, Imagine Dragons announced a new single titled "Next to Me" on Twitter. The song was released as part of a re-issue of "Evolve" on February 21, 2018.

On June 12, 2018, Imagine Dragons announced a new single with Kygo called "Born to Be Yours" on Twitter. The song was released on June 15, 2018. In 2018, Imagine Dragons also became co-owners of esports team Rogue.

On July 12, 2018, Imagine Dragons announced a new single named "Natural" on Twitter. The song was released on July 17, 2018. The song was used as the anthem for the 2018 "ESPN College Football" season. The band ended the Evolve tour in Tampa, Florida on August 10. On September 18, 2018, Imagine Dragons announced a new single titled "Zero", which was released the following day. It was used in the end credits of the Walt Disney Animation Studios movie "Ralph Breaks the Internet".

On October 3, 2018, Imagine Dragons announced their fourth studio album, "Origins", which was released on November 9, 2018. "Natural" and "Zero" serve as the lead singles off the album, while "Born to Be Yours" is featured on the international deluxe edition of the album. The band has said that this album was made as a sister album to "Evolve". On October 31, 2018, Imagine Dragons released the third single off the album, "Machine". Lastly, on November 6, 2018, Imagine Dragons released the album's fourth single, "Bad Liar". "Origins" debuted at number two in the US, making it their fourth top five album. It reached the top ten in multiple countries, but received mixed reviews from critics.

On January 7, 2019, Imagine Dragons performed the halftime show for the 2019 College Football Championship game. The band performed "Natural", "Bad Liar", "Thunder", and a special version of "Believer" with rapper Lil Wayne. The new version of the song was released on streaming platforms the following day.

In June 2019, Beat Games released a paid downloadable content (DLC) music pack for virtual reality rhythm game "Beat Saber", called "Imagine Dragons Music Pack", that includes ten songs by Imagine Dragons.

On June 20, 2019, Imagine Dragons released a new version "Birds", featuring Italian singer Elisa, as the fifth and final single from "Origins". On July 23, 2019, an animated video for the original version of the song was released.

On January 20, 2020, the band released a music video for "Nothing Left to Say", a song from their debut album "Night Visions".

On March 8, 2021, Imagine Dragons announced the release of two singles, "Follow You" and "Cutthroat", which were released on March 12. The band began teasing their upcoming album which was produced by Rick Rubin. On June 29, 2021, the band announced the single "Wrecked", along with the pre-order for their fifth studio album "Mercury – Act 1" a day later. The song was released on July 2, 2021. "Mercury – Act 1" was released on September 3, along with the single "Monday". Similar to their previous work, the album was met with mixed critical reception. It debuted at number nine in the US.

In October, the band re-released their first three extended plays onto streaming services and digital retailers. Each EP features a previously unreleased bonus track. The band also released the single "Enemy" featuring rapper JID, as part of the soundtrack to the Netflix series "Arcane", on October 28. It is the second collaboration between Imagine Dragons and "League of Legends", following "Warriors".

Soon after the release of "Mercury – Act 1", the band began teasing a follow-up album that would also be produced by Rubin. In January 2022, Reynolds said that the album was "almost done" and would be released after the first part of the Mercury Tour. The tour started on February 6 in Miami and ended on September 15 in Los Angeles. On March 11, 2022, the band released a single named "Bones". It was the lead single for their album "Mercury – Act 2". On April 6, the band announced that "Mercury – Act 2" would be released on July 1, 2022. The 18-track album was released as part of an album that had both "Mercury" albums.

Current members

Current touring musicians
Former members

Former touring musicians


Dark Tranquillity

Dark Tranquillity is a Swedish melodic death metal band from Billdal. 

The band was formed in 1989 by band member Mikael Stanne and guitarist Niklas Sundin. Stanne and Sundin originally formed a band under the name "Septic Broiler". Members Anders Fridén, Anders Jivarp and Martin Henriksson joined the band shortly after. Dark Tranquillity is an important part of the melodic death metal genre of music and are one of the longest-standing bands from the original Gothenburg metal scene.

They released their debut album, "Skydancer", on August 30, 1993. They are currently signed to Century Media Records.





2000 UEFA Cup Final riots

The 2000 UEFA Cup Final Riots, also known as the Battle of Copenhagen, was a riot in City Hall Square in Copenhagen, Denmark, between fans of English football team Arsenal and Turkish side Galatasaray around the 2000 UEFA Cup Final on 17 May 2000. The fights, in which four people were stabbed, also included fans from other clubs and were viewed by the media as part of revenge attacks for the killing of two Leeds United fans by Galatasaray fans the month before.

1142

Year 1142 (MCXLII) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1140

Year 1140 (MCXL) was a leap year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



Irreligion

Irreligion (meaning not religious) is a term that describes people who reject religion, or who do not have a particular religion.

The term covers all those who answer "none" to questionnaires which ask people about their religion. In the social survey world, they are called "the nones". The term "irreligious" is an umbrella term, for atheists, agnostics, deists and ignostics.

Irreligion takes many forms, ranging from the casual and unaware to full-fledged philosophies such as atheism, agnosticism, ignosticism, deism and irreligious theism. All these views can also be alternatively called secular humanism. 

Irreligion may be a purely naturalist worldview which denies a belief in anything supernatural. The broadest and loosest definition, is the lack of religious identification (attendance at church, temple etc.). The broadest definition is not belonging to any religion, which still does not exclude belief in any supernatural forces, which some irreligious people may believe in. The narrowest and strictest is subscribing to "positive atheism". That might be described as a willingness to state rejection of a deity absolutely. Public statements of belief can be, and are, tailored to the various social climates.

There are, at least five different groups of "not religious" people:

1230

Year 1230 (MCCXXX) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1136

Year 1136 (MCXXXVI) was a leap year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1132

Year 1132 (MCXXXII) was a leap year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1127

Year 1127 (MCXXVII) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1126

Year 1126 (MCXXVI) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



4th millennium BC

The 4th millennium BC saw major changes in human culture. It marked the beginning of the Bronze Age and of writing.

The city states of Sumer and the kingdom of Egypt were started and grew to prominence. Agriculture spread widely across Eurasia. World population in the course of the millennium doubled to approximately from 7 to 14 million people in the area surrounding them.






1108

Year 1108 (MCVIII) was a leap year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1110

Year 1110 (MCX) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1111

Year 1111 (MCXI) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




1112

Year 1112 (MCXII) was a leap year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


Apus

Apus is a constellation in the southern sky. It is hard to see because it is not very bright. Apus means "no feet" in Greek. It was named "no feet" because it looks like a Bird-of-Paradise, and people used to think that birds-of-paradise did not have feet.

1113

Year 1113 (MCXIII) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



Ara (constellation)

Ara is a constellation in the southern sky. Ara means altar in Latin. It was one of the 48 constellations written down by the astronomer named Ptolemy in the 2nd century. It is also one of the 88 modern constellations that were made by the International Astronomical Union.

In Greek mythology, Ara is the altar where Zeus and his brothers and sisters said that they were going to win in a war against Cronos and the other Titans. It is also where people burned incense to show that they appreciated Zeus. The Greek poet named Aratus said that if sailors could see the constellation Ara, it meant that there was going to be wind blowing from the south.

The Stingray Nebula is in Ara. It is the planetary nebula that was created most recently.

NGC 6193 is an open cluster at about 3,765 light-years away from Earth.

1114

Year 1114 (MCXIV) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1115

1115 (MCXV) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1116

Year 1116 (MCXVI) was a leap year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>




</onlyinclude>



1120

Year 1120 (MCXX) was a leap year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1117

Year 1117 (MCXVII) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>





</onlyinclude>



1119

Year 1119 (MCXIX) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>




</onlyinclude>



1090

1090 (MXC) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>







1089

Year 1089 (MLXXXIX) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.






Argonautica

Argonautica is a Greek epic poem by Apollonius of Rhodes. It was written in the 3rd century BC. It tells the story of Jason getting the Golden Fleece. "Argonautica" inspired other writers, such as Catullus and Virgil. 

1091

1091 (MXCI) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>





</onlyinclude>

Robert D'Oyly, first Lord of Oxford Castle

1092

Year 1092 (MXCII) was a leap year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1074

Year 1074 (MLXXIV) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1075

1075 (MLXXV) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1077

Year 1077 (MLXXVII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.








Shawn Drover

Shawn Drover (born May 5, 1966) is a Canadian musician. He is best known as the drummer of the American heavy metal band Megadeth.

He also played for the Canadian power metal band Eidolon with his brother Glen Drover.

Drover joined the band in 2004 five days before "Blackmail The Universe Tour" and replaced Nick Menza who wasn't able to prepare for the physical demands of a full US tour. Drover also plays guitar and he played guitar during the "Blackmail The Universe Tour" in Kawasaki, Japan on April 3, 2005. He also played in the band with his brother Glen Drover and switched instruments with him during the songs "Paranoid" and the second half of "Peace Sells".

After Glen quit the band, Shawn suggested that Chris Broderick replace Glen. Drover showed videos of Broderick playing both the classical and electric guitar to Dave Mustaine and Mustaine got in contact with Broderick. Broderick was named the new guitarist for Megadeth two weeks after.

On November 25th, 2014, he announced that he leaving Megadeth. He announced this one day before guitarist Chris Broderick announced that he was leaving the band as well.

Open All Hours

Open All Hours is a British television sitcom created and written by Roy Clarke for the BBC. It ran for 26 episodes in four series, which aired in 1976, 1981, 1982 and 1985. The programme developed from a television pilot broadcast in Ronnie Barker's comedy anthology series, "Seven of One" (1973). "Open All Hours" ranked eighth in the 2004 Britain's Best Sitcom poll. It is set in a small grocery shop in Balby, Doncaster, South Yorkshire. It stars Ronnie Barker as the owner Albert Arkwright and David Jason as his nephew Granville, who works for him. Lynda Baron plays nurse Gladys Emanuel, whom Arkwright is strongly attracted to. A sequel, entitled "Still Open All Hours", began airing in 2013.

1079

Year 1079 (MLXXIX) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



Intel Atom

Intel Atom (made as Intel Centrino (2003-2010) in 2003) (formerly called Centrino Atom (2008-2009)) is a low-power x86 Microprocessor. It was created by Intel for netbooks, smartphones, tablet computers, and embedded systems. It was created to compete with the ARM CPU. Its performance per watt is still not as good as the ARM, although the overall performance is better. For a given clock speed, the performance is about the same as a Pentium 4, but the power consumption is much lower.

1069

Year 1069 (MLXIX) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


1065

1065 (MLXV) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


Aries (constellation)

Aries is one of the constellations of the zodiac. It is in the Northern Hemisphere. Aries is Latin for ram - a male sheep. Its symbol is (), which represents a ram's horns. Aries had the meaning of a ram four thousand years ago in Babylonia. It represents the ram whose fleece (hair) became the Golden Fleece in Ancient Greek Mythology. The astronomer Ptolemy listed Aries when he made a list of 48 constellations.

1063

Year 1063 (MLXIII) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



Auriga (constellation)

Auriga is a constellation in the northern sky. It is the Latin word for "charioteer" - someone who drives a vehicle that is pulled by an animal. The astronomer Ptolemy listed Auriga in the 2nd century when he was writing a list of 48 constellations.

Citations
References

Boötes

Boötes, pronounced with both 'O's as 'boötez', is one of the 88 modern constellations in the northern sky. The name is from the Greek word , which means herdsman someone who takes care of animals.

The constellation's shape is like a kite. Boötes has the third brightest star in the night sky, called Arcturus (α Bootis). The astronomer Ptolemy listed it in the 2nd century when he made a list of 48 constellations.

The Cloverleaf quasar is visually in Bootes.



1064

Year 1064 (MLXIV) was a leap year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1059

Year 1059 (MLIX) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



Robert Eddison

Robert Leadam Eddison OBE (10 June 1908 –14 December 1991) was a British actor who was known for his role as the Grail Knight in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade".

Eddison was born on 10 June 1908 in Yokohama, Japan to British parents. His grandparents were from the United States. He was raised in London, England. Eddison died on 14 December 1991 in London, England from pneumonia, aged 83.


1061

Year 1061 (MLXI) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>


1058

Year 1058 (MLVIII) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1057

Year 1057 (MLVII) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>





</onlyinclude>



Caelum

Caelum is a constellation in the southern sky. It is hard to see because it is not very bright. It means "the chisel" in Latin. Before, people called Caelum Scalptorium, which means "the engraver's chisel". It was created and named by the French astronomer named Nicolas Louis de Lacaille in the 1750s. The brighest star in Caelum has a magnitude of 4.45. This means that all of the stars in Caelum are too dark for people who live in cities to see.

1054

Year 1054 (MLIV) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


1053

Year 1053 (MLIII) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1051

Year 1051 (MLI) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1049

Year 1049 (MXLIX) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>


1047

Year 1047 (MXLVII) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



Biotic

Biotic means anything living. Animals, plants, and microbes, for example, are all living organisms so they are considered "biotic" parts of the environment.


Camelopardalis

Camelopardalis is a constellation in the northern sky. It is hard to see because it is not very bright. It is also very large. It was created and named by the Dutch astronomer named Petrus Plancius in 1612. It represents a giraffe. Its brightest star, β Cam, has a magnitude of only 4.03. This means that Camelopardalis is very dark. People who live in cities cannot see Camelopardalis.

Callinectes

Callinectes (Blue crabs) is a genus of crabs. Sixteen species are in this genus. These species include the Atlantic blue crab, "C. sapidus":

Canes Venatici

Canes Venatici is a constellation in the northern sky. It means "the hunting dogs" in Latin. It was named and created by the Polish astronomer Johannes Hevelius in 1687. The astronomer named Ptolemy included it in Ursa Major when he made a list of 48 constellations in the 2nd century. Canes Venatici is not a very bright constellation. 


Callinectes exasperatus

Callinectes exasperatus (common name: rugose swimming crab) is a species of swimming crab. They can be found in the western Atlantic Ocean. This species of crab mainly only eats carrion (dead bodies of other animals). This species is not commercially fished. 

1044

Year 1044 (MXLIV) was a leap year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1043

Year 1043 (MXLIII) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


1041

Year 1041 (MXLI) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>


1038

Year 1038 (MXXXVIII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


1037

1037 (MXXXVII) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1032

Year 1032 (MXXXII) was a leap year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



1033

Year 1033 (MXXXIII) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>



1026

Year 1026 (MXXVI) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>



1023

Year 1023 (MXXIII) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1022

Year 1022 (MXXII) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1020

Year 1020 (MXX) was a leap year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1029

Year 1029 (MXXIX) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.


1010

Year 1010 (MX) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>






</onlyinclude>



Province of Spalato

The Italian Province of Spalato (1941-1943) was an administrative section of the "Governorate of Dalmatia", created during World War II by the Italian government with "Regio Decreto Legge" of May 18, 1941.

The Province of Spalato was part of the Italian Governorate of Dalmatia and had an area of 975 km² with a population of 128,400 inhabitants. It was included the two main cities of Spalato (Split) and Trau (Trogir) and their hinterland, extending north to Sebenico (Šibenik). Additionally there were the islands of Lissa, Curzola, Lagosta, Cazza, Pelagosa (these last 3 removed from the "Italian Province of Zara") and Meleda.

The province bordered only the Independent State of Croatia. The "Capoluogo" (administrative center) was Spalato, where there was the "Tribunal" and was edited the Italian newspaper "San Marco". There was even the football team "AC Spalato", that substituted the local Hajduk ruled by Slavs.

Most of the population of the newly created province was Croatian, but there was even a small -but historical- community of nearly 3,000 Dalmatian Italians (only in Spalato city they were more than 1,000 in 1940, even if greatly reduced from the first half of the XIX century when they were more than one third of the city's population ).

Italian General Vittorio Ambrosio conquered in a few days all the Dalmatian coast of Yugoslavia, and occupied in April 1941 the area of southern Dalmatia around Spalato (called officially "Split" only since 1919).
The new Italian province of Spalato was created by order of Mussolini the next month, with the "May 19 Treaty between Italy and Croatia". Valerio Paolo Zerbino was named "Prefect" of the Province of Spalato, serving from June 1941 to August 1943.

The governorship of the Spalato province (and all the Governorate of Dalmatia) was held by Giuseppe Bastianini until January 1943 when he was recalled to Italy to join the cabinet; his place as governor was taken by Francesco Giunta.

In summer 1941 the Italian government started a policy of "Italianization" in all the Governorate of Dalmatia. New Italian schools were opened in Spalato. Administrative personnel from Italy moved to Spalato and Trau (nearly 6,700 Dalmatian Italians took refuge in Italy after the creation of Yugoslavia in 1919, and many of them were offered work if they returned to settle with their families in the Governorate of Dalmatia). Bastianini started needed public works, building hospitals, sewage systems and roads in the area. Even the "Bank of Italy" opened a branch in Spalato 

Thousands of Jews from Croatia took refuge inside the Governorate, and many moved to the Spalato area mainly in 1942.

In August 1943 the Governorate administrative personnel left Dalmatia and returned to the Italian peninsula: the area was ruled by the Italian military until mid-September 1943 when was occupied by German troops. After the disappearance of the province, all the area -that under Italian presence was spared the bloody guerrilla that happened in Ante Pavelic's Croatia- started to be involved in the massacres of the Yugoslavian civil war during WWII.

After WWII nearly all the 3000 Dalmatian Italians of Spalato were forced to emigrate from Tito's Yugoslavia, but in 2012 there were still 100 in the city.

The "Comuni" (Municipalities) of the Province were 13 (2 of them, Spalato and Curzola, had a special status):




1013

Year 1013 (MXIII) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. It was one thousand years before 2013.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1014

Year 1014 (MXIV) was a common year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>




</onlyinclude>



1016

Year 1016 (MXVI) was a leap year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



1017

Year 1017 (MXVII) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



1018

Year 1018 (MXVIII) was a common year starting on Wednesday (liNk will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



Canis Minor

Canis Minor is a constellation in the northern sky. It is Latin for "smaller dog" or "the lesser dog". The astronomer Ptolemy listed it when he made a list of 48 constellations in the 2nd century. Both Canis Minor and Canis Major (which means "larger dog" in Latin) represent dogs that follow the hunter named Orion in Greek Mythology.

The main shape of Canis Minor is made by two stars, which are named Procyon (Alpha Canis Minoris) and Gomeisa (Beta Canis Minoris). These stars are the only stars in Canis Minor that have a magnitude that is brigher than 4. Procyon has a magnitude of 0.39, which means that it is the seventh brightest star in the night sky. It is also very close to Earth, since it is only 11.4 light years away. Procyon is a binary star, which means that it actually has two stars that orbit each other. It has a white dwarf star and a white type F5 main-sequence star. Gomeisa has a magnitude of 2.9. Its temperature is 11,500°K, which means that it is very hot. It is a blue type B8 main-sequence star. It is 3 times the mass of the sun and 250 times more luminous than the sun. 

1007

Year 1007 (MVII) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>


1006

Year 1006 (MVI) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.








Abraham Cowley

Abraham Cowley (1618-1677) was an English writer, a poet and essayist. He wrote and published his first book of poetry at the young age of fifteen years, when he was still at school.

His most famous book was a collection of love poems, "The Mistress" (1647). Later, he also published a collection of essays in 1668, which was also quite popular.

Men's major golf championships

There are four major championships in men's golf:


Thomas Fuller

Thomas Fuller (1608–1661) was an English writer, historian and clergyman.

After taking a Master of Arts degree from Cambridge University he decided to join the church. He used to write to share his ideas with people.

He wrote many books like "The History of the Holy War" (1639), "The Holy State and Profane State" (1642), "Good Thoughts in Bad Times" (1645), "Good Thoughts in Worse Times" (1647), "A History of the University of Cambridge" (1659) and "Mixed Contemplations in Better Times" (1660). 

Thomas Fuller strongly supported the English Royalist party and was very loyal to King Charles I of England. He suffered a lot after his defeat but later on, after the English Restoration, he became Chaplain to King Charles II of England.

The Lock

The Lock is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted around 1776-79. The picture measures 71 × 92 cm (28 × 36.2 in). It hangs in the Louvre. Fragonard is (and was) famous for mildly erotic scenes. After his marriage in 1769, he painted family scenes.

Favelas

A favela () is the term for a slum in Brazil. They are mostly found on the outskirts of urban areas. The people living in the favelas are the poor, and the rich people live in the city. Most of the buildings in favelas are made out of cheap materials, like plastic, wood, glass and scrap. The people usually build their houses themselves and invite their friends to help them build. Crime is not common in favelas,only 1% of residents are criminals or involved in criminal activity. The favelas themselves are also considered illegal, because the people do not pay tax.


Explanation

An explanation is an attempt to answer the question "why". Asked of a person, it is a question about motive: "why did you do this?". Asked of a natural event, it is a question about natural causes (causation).

In science, an explanation is the link between an event which is a cause, and a second event, which is an effect. The phrase "cause and effect" refers to this. The relationship between the two events is known as causality. The philosopher Mario Bunge said, "We do not rest content with finding facts but wish to know why they should occur rather than not".

As a general rule, explanations move from what we know to what we do not know. This is important because it explains why different kinds of people may need different explanations. "A child, a lay person and an expert may need different explanations of the same thing, since what is already familiar to them will differ".

The asking of questions depends on language, and is peculiar to humans. It starts very soon after a child learns how to speak. A kind of game which young children play with adults is the 'why game'. Every parent gets the experience of their child asking a never-ending stream of why questions, until at last the adult says "Well, it just is!"

There can be plenty of argument about whether or not an explanation is appropriate, and if so, whether it is correct. If one asks why the sun gives out heat and light, to say "because it is daytime" is not appropriate, even if it might indeed be daytime. The real answer was not known until the 20th century. Before then peoples like the ancient Egyptians thought it was caused by a god (Aten).

Different kinds of why questions need different kinds of explanations. including:

These add something to human knowledge.

A personal question like "Why did you do that?" clearly asks for an explanation. What that explanation might be depends on context: it all depends on circumstance. This type of question about motives only applies to the people concerned.

Many kinds of explanations are made up of more than one type. An explanation can be valid or invalid or a combination of both. Some explanations may appear reasonable, but turn out to be misleading or wrong.


Mrs. Thomas Gainsborough, nee Margaret Burr

Mrs. Thomas Gainsborough, nee Margaret Burr is an oil painting by Thomas Gainsborough. It was painted about 1778. It measures 76.6 cm x 63.8 cm. It hangs in the Courtauld Institute Galleries in England. The subject is the artist's wife.

Mr. and Mrs. Andrews

Mr. and Mrs. Andrews is an oil painting on canvas by Thomas Gainsborough. It was painted circa 1748-1750. It measures 69.8 × 119.4 cm (27.5 × 47 in). It hangs in the National Gallery, London, England.

Voiceless consonant

In phonetics, a voiceless consonant is a consonant that is made without any vibration of the vocal chords. Sounds like [] (such as in pet), [] (such as in fun), and [] (such as in sear) are all voiceless consonants.

Fourth Geneva Convention

The Fourth Geneva Convention (full tilte: Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War) is an international treaty signed in 1949. These treaties are known as Geneva Conventions, because they were originally signed in Geneva. The fourth geneva convention protects civilians in a war zone and prohibit forced migration in general. Currently, 194 countries are party to this treaty of international law.

In 1993, the United Nations Security Council adopted a report from the Secretary-General and a Commission of Experts; this report stated that the Geneva Conventions had passed into the body of customary international law. If this is the case, the treaties are binding even to countries who did not sign them,whenever they engage in armed conflicts.

John Roxborough Norman

John Roxborough Norman was a British ichthyologist. He was born in 1898 and died on 26 May 1944 in London.

He started as a clerk in a bank. He was in the military during the First World War. He got rheumatic fever during this time, and had it his whole life. He entered the British Museum in 1921 where he worked for Charles Tate Regan (1878-1943). From 1939 to 1944, he was in charge of the Natural History Museum at Tring. Norman wrote "A History of Fishes" (1931) and "A Draft Synopsis of the Orders, Families and Genera of Recent Fishes" (1957).


994

994 (CMXCIV) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>



993

Year 993 (CMXCIII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



992

992 (CMXCII) was a leap year starting on Friday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>


991

991 (CMXCI) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>



Betty Fussell

Betty Harper Fussell (born July 28, 1927) is an American writer and food historian. She as write many books about food history, recipes, and her memoir. She is also a critic and educator. Fussell worked with the New York Times, The New Yorker, and the Los Angeles Times. During her career, she won many awards and received many honors. In 2009, she was made a member of "Who’s Who of Food & Beverage in America".

Fussell was born in Riverside, California. She was raised in both in California and in New York City. She studied at Pomona College, Radcliffe College, and Rutgers University. Fussell was married to American writer Paul Fussell from 1949 until they divorced in 1981. They have two children. She now lives in New York City.


Robert Kardashian

Robert George Kardashian (February 22, 1944 – September 30, 2003) was an American lawyer and businessman. He was the lawyer for O. J. Simpson when he was accused for murder. David Schwimmer played his role in the 2016 FX miniseries "".

Kardashian was an Armenian-American. He was the husband of Kris Jenner and the father of Kourtney, Kim, Khloé and Rob,

Kardashian was born on February 22, 1944 in Los Angeles, California. He studied at the University of Southern California and at the University of San Diego School of Law.

Kardashian was married to Kris Jenner from 1978 until they divorced in 1991. Then he was married to Jan Ashley from 1998 until they divorced in 1999. Then he was married to Ellen Pearson from 2003 until his death two months later.

Kardashian was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in July 2003. Less than eight weeks after his diagnosis, he died at age 59 on September 30, 2003. He was buried at Inglewood Park Cemetery in Inglewood, California.

Charioteer of Delphi

The Charioteer of Delphi is a Greek bronze sculpture from the early Classical period, about 477 BC. It stands 1.8 m tall. 

It was discovered in the sanctuary of Apollo at Delphi during excavations by French archaeologists in 1896. With the statue were found fragments of a sculpted chariot, sculpted horses, and a small, sculpted person, presumably the charioteer's groom. All would have been part of a large monument. The charioteer monument was commissioned by Polyzalos, a Sicilian tyrant, to commemorate his victory in the chariot races about 477 BC. At some point, according to Greek practice, the statue was buried, probably because of irreparable damage.

Dylan Olsen

Dylan D. Olsen (born January 3, 1991 in Salt Lake City, Utah) is an American born-Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the South Carolina Stingrays of the ECHL. He also played for the Chicago Blackhawks and Florida Panthers of the NHL

He was drafted with the 28th overall pick by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. He began his hockey career when he was drafted by the Medicine Hat Tigers in the 2006 WHL Bantam Draft. He instead played for the Camrose Kodiaks of the AJHL for three seasons before he left to play college hockey. He played college hockey at the University of Minnesota Duluth with the Bulldogs.

After he finished his college hockey career, he played for the Chicago Blackhawks' AHL farm team, the Rockford IceHogs for 2 seasons. On November 14, 2013, the Blackhawks traded Olsen along with Jimmy Hayes to the Florida Panthers for Kris Versteeg and Philippe Lefebvre.

His father was also an ice hockey player that played one game in the NHL with the Calgary Flames in the 1991-92 NHL season.

Joseph Heller

Joseph Heller (May 1, 1923 - December 12, 1999) was an American novelist and playwright. He was born in Coney Island, Brooklyn, New York City. He was most famous for the satirical war novel "Catch-22" (1961). He died of a heart attack in East Hampton, Long Island, New York.

Harita Kaur Deol

Flt. Lt. Harita Kaur Deol (1972 – 25 December 1996) is a pilot with the Indian Air Force (IAF). She was the first woman pilot to fly solo in the IAF. The flight was on 2 September 1994. She was 22 years old at the time.

Harita is originally from Chandigarh. She joined the Air Force in 1992, when it advertised for the first time 8 jobs for women pilots.

She flew an Avro aircraft. She landed at the Yelahanka Air Force Station, near Bangalore. Two more women, Flight Cadets Archana Kapoor and Bindu Sebastian, did their solo flights on the Avro after Harita.

There had been other female pilots in India before, but Harita was the first time a woman was flying for the Air Force.

She died in a air crash in 1996.

Paul Verhoeven

Paul Verhoeven (born 18 July 1938) is a Dutch movie director, producer and writer. He was born in Amsterdam. He directed American movies "RoboCop", "Total Recall", "Basic Instinct", "Showgirls" and "Starship Troopers". He wrote and directed Dutch movie "Black Book".

During his youth Verhoeven was for a short time a Pentecostal Christian. Although he is an atheist, he takes a great interest in Jesus. He is a member of the Jesus Seminar and wrote ""Jesus of Nazareth"" in 2007, a liberal view on Jesus. He is intending to make a movie about Jesus.

Emmeline Pankhurst

Emmeline Pankhurst (née Goulden; 15 July 1858 – 14 June 1928) was the leader of the British suffragette movement which helped women win the right to vote.

In 1999 "Time" named Pankhurst as one of the 100 Most Important People of the 20th Century, stating: "she shaped an idea of women for our time; she shook society into a new pattern from which there could be no going back." She was widely criticized for her militant tactics, but her work helped to achieve women's suffrage in Britain.

After her husband died in 1898, Pankhurst founded the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU), an organisation dedicated to "deeds, not words". The group became infamous when its members smashed windows and assaulted police officers. Pankhurst, her daughters, and other WSPU activists were sentenced to repeated prison sentences, where they staged hunger strikes to secure better conditions. As Pankhurst's oldest daughter Christabel took the helm of the WSPU, antagonism between the group and the government grew. Eventually arson became a common tactic among WSPU members, and more moderate organisations spoke out against the Pankhurst family. In 1913 several prominent individuals left the WSPU, among them Pankhurst's daughters Adela and Sylvia. The family rift never healed.

With the advent of the First World War, Emmeline and Christabel called an immediate halt to militant suffrage activism in support of the British Government's stand against the "German Peril". They urged women to aid industrial production and encouraged young men to fight. In 1918 the Representation of the People Act granted votes to women over the age of 30 and the WSPU was disbanded.

Pankhurst transformed the WSPU machinery into the Women's Party, dedicated to promoting women's equality in public life. In her later years she became concerned with the 'Bolshevik menace' and – unhappy with the political alternatives – joined the Conservative Party. She died in 1928, 17 days before women got equal voting rights and was commemorated two years later with a statue in London's Victoria Tower Gardens.


983

983 (CMLXXXIII) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>



</onlyinclude>



982

Year 982 (CMLXXXII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>




</onlyinclude>



Saif al-Arab Gaddafi

Saif al-Arab al-Gaddafi (1982 - April 30, 2011) was one of the sons of the former Libyan dictator Muammar al-Gaddafi. His name meant "Sword of the Arabs." He was killed in an air strike by NATO on 31 April 2011.

Overcoat

An overcoat is a long coat which is worn over other clothes. Overcoats are made from a warm, heavy cloth or even animal fur. They go below the knee in length. A coat that is knee length is known as a topcoat. Overcoats have been worn for hundreds of years. Many armies dressed their soldiers in overcoats during the winter. 

There are many styles and types of overcoats. These include:

Carbonyl

A carbonyl is the group C=O in a molecule. It is a carbon and an oxygen atom with a double bond between them. Carbon has another two bonds, which can in general be with any other group. For example, a carbonyl is the C=O bit of a ketone, aldehyde or ester.

Because oxygen is more electronegative than carbon, the electrons in the bond are more towards it. This means that in acid, a proton will go on the oxygen atom. Both the carbon and the oxygen in the group are sp hybridized.

The carbonyl is a very important functional group, because chemists can do many reactions with it. It is easy to do nucleophilic additions to it, which makes the molecule bigger. It is also easy to do redox reactions, for example forming an alcohol. The alcohol then is also a very useful group.

Carbonyls are found in many natural substances and also in drugs and medicines. It is easy to check if a carbonyl is in a molecule. It gives a very strong signal in infrared spectroscopy. In carbon NMR spectroscopy, the signal is usually at very high frequency, away from many other peaks.

Ester

An ester is a molecule that includes a carbon atom, double-bonded to an oxygen atom, and single-bonded to another oxygen atom that is bonded to a carbon atom. In other words, a carbonyl with an ether group on the carbon atom. The group can be written as COOR. They can be made by reacting a carboxylic acid with an alcohol with some acid. 

Esters are a very important functional group. They can be found in many substances. They are very common in fats and oils. They sometimes have a very strong, nice smell. They can be used to make perfumes. Polyesters are found in plastics.

Esters can also do many reactions. It is very easy to change the ether part of the molecule with another similar one. It is also possible to reduce the ester to a ketone or an alcohol, which can do many different reactions. Nucleophilic addition is also a good reaction, though a bit more difficult than with ketones.

There are many ways to find out if a molecule has an ester group. Infrared spectroscopy gives very sharp signals, which are different from other carbonyls. Carbon NMR spectroscopy has similar characteristics.

Sandra Oh

Sandra Oh (born July 20, 1971) is a Canadian-American actress and producer. She is best known for her starring roles as Rita Wu in the HBO comedy series "Arliss" (1996–2002), Cristina Yang in the ABC medical drama series "Grey's Anatomy" (2005–2014), and Eve Polastri in the critically acclaimed BBC spy thriller series "Killing Eve" (2018–2022). She has received numerous accolades, including two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards, and twelve Primetime Emmy Award nominations.

Green iguana

The green iguana or common iguana ("Iguana iguana") is a lizard native to Central and South America and the Caribbean. It is an arboreal herbivorous species that belongs to the genus "Iguana." 

The green iguana ranges over a large geographic area, from southern Brazil and Paraguay as far north as Mexico. Also the Caribbean islands, especially Puerto Rico, where they are very common throughout the island; and in the United States in South Florida (including the Florida Keys), Hawaii, and the Rio Grande Valley of Texas.


David Strathairn

David Russell Strathairn (born January 26, 1949) is an American actor and entertainer. He was nominated for an Academy Award in 2006 for his role as Edward R. Murrow in "Good Night, and Good Luck". He is also known for his role as Secretary of State William H. Seward in the 2012 movie "Lincoln". He won an Emmy Award in 2010.

Strathairn was born on January 26, 1949 in San Francisco, California. His grandparents were Scottish. He studied at Redwood High School, at Williams College, and he studied to become a clown at Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Clown College. Strathairn has been married to Logan Goodman since 1980. They have two children. He now lives in Poughkeepsie, New York.


Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin

Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin (2 November 1699 – 6 December 1779) was an 18th-century French painter. He is considered a master of still life. He is also noted for paintings which depict women and children engaged in domestic activities. 

Assemblies of God

The Assemblies of God is a United States-based Christian denomination; a large group of Pentecostal churches. There are over 64 million members in over 200 countries.

The AG is Trinitarian. They view the Bible as divinely inspired. The Bible provides the rules of faith and conduct. Baptism by immersion is practiced. Baptism is understood as an outward sign of an inward change. The change is from being dead in sin to being alive in Christ. Communion is also practiced. The Assemblies of God also places a strong emphasis on the fulfillment of the Great Commission and believes that this is the main calling of the church.

The most recent World congress was held in Springfield, Missouri in August 2014.


Denis McDonough

Denis Richard McDonough (born December 2, 1969) is an American politician. He is the 11th and current United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs since February 9, 2021. McDonough is the second non-veteran to serve in this position. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

He was the 26th White House Chief of Staff from 2013 to 2017 during the Barack Obama presidency.

In December 2020, then President-elect Joe Biden nominated McDonough to serve as the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs in his administration. On February 8, 2021, the United States Senate confirmed McDonough to be Secretary of the VA in a vote of 87-7, with 6 senators absent. 

 

Ellen Johnson Sirleaf

Ellen Johnson Sirleaf (born 29 October 1938) is the 24th President of Liberia serving from 2006 through 2018. Sirleaf is the first elected female head of state in Africa.

Sirleaf was awarded the 2011 Nobel Peace Prize, along with Leymah Gbowee of Liberia and Tawakel Karman of Yemen. The women were recognized "for their non-violent struggle for the safety of women and for women’s rights to full participation in peace-building work."

In December 2021, James Sirleaf one of the sons of Ellen Sirleaf died in his residence in Liberia under unknown circumstances.


Mia Kirshner

Mia Kirshner (born January 25, 1975) is an actress that stars primarily on television. She starred as Jenny Schecter in "The L Word" and Mandy in "24". She has, however, starred in some movies. She was born next to Toronto.

Latona Fountain

The Latona Fountain (Fr: "Bassin de Latone") is a fountain. It lies on the east-west alignment between the Palace of Versailles, the Apollo Fountain, the Green Carpet, and the Grand Canal. Latone faces west. The fountain was designed by Le Nôtre in 1666. The fountain figures were executed in lead by the Marsy brothers between 1668 and 1670. In 1686 Hardouin-Mansart altered the fountain. He had the figure of Latona (which originally faced the palace) turned 180 degrees. He also raised her pedestal.

The fountain is designed in the wedding cake style. On the top tier, there is a statue of the goddess Latona. In addition to the goddess Latona are her young children, Apollo and Diana. The second and third tiers of the fountain have frogs. The lowest tier has turtles and alligators. Latona turned the Lycean peasants into frogs when they mocked her and refused to give her water in her flight from the jealous and angry Juno.


Cookie's Fortune

Cookie's Fortune is a 1999 crime comedy with Julianne Moore, Glenn Close and Patricia Neal heading the cast. The subject for this comedy-drama is southern hospitality. It was shot around north central Mississippi, where "Cookie's Fortune" is mainly set. Liv Tyler is also in the cast.

Aud the Deep-Minded

Aud the Deep-Minded (834–900 AD) was an early settler in Iceland.

Josephine Baker

Josephine Baker (June 3, 1906 – April 12, 1975) was an American-born French dancer, singer, and actress. She was born Freda Josephine McDonald in St. Louis, Missouri. Fluent in both English and French, Baker became an international musical and political icon. She was given such nicknames as the "Bronze Venus", the "Black Pearl", and the "Créole Goddess".

Baker was the first African-American female to star in a major motion picture, "Zouzou" (1934), and to become a world-famous entertainer.

She tried to integrate an American concert hall, and is noted for her contributions to the Civil Rights Movement in the United States. She was offered the unofficial leadership of the movement by Coretta Scott King in 1968 following Martin Luther King, Jr.'s assassination, but turned it down.

Baker became a citizen of France in 1937. She helped the French Resistance during World War II, and was awarded the Croix de Guerre, the Légion d'Honneur and the Rosette of the Résistance after the war.

When Josephine came to Paris in the 1920s for "La Revue Nègre", it was a turning point in her career. Her career thrived, and when "La Revue Nègre" closed, Josephine starred in "La Folie du Jour" at the Follies-Bergère Theater. Her performance, and her banana costume made her a celebrity. Josephine rivalled Gloria Swanson and Mary Pickford as the most photographed woman in the world: by 1927 she earned more than any entertainer in Europe. She starred in two movies in the early 1930s, "Zou-Zou" and "Princess Tam-Tam", and moved her family from St. Louis to Les Milandes, her estate in Castelnaud-Fayrac, France.

In later shows in Paris she was often accompanied on stage by her pet cheetah, Chiquita, who was adorned with a diamond collar. The cheetah frequently escaped into the orchestra pit, where it terrorized the musicians, adding another element of excitement to the show.

Baker had 12 children through adoption. She bore only one child herself, stillborn in 1941. Josephine Baker was married four times.

Clare of Assisi

Clare of Assisi (July 16, 1194 – August 11, 1253), born Chiara Offreduccio, is an Italian saint. She was one of the first followers of Saint Francis of Assisi. Saint Clare of Assisi was of noble birth, her father, Favorone Offreduccio, was the Count of Sasso-Rosso and her mother, Ortolana di Fiumi, was from aristocratic descent. She was born as Chiara Offreduccio di Favaronne in Assisi. She was promised in marriage at age of 12, but it was canceled due to her father's death. She was the oldest child in her family. 

When she was 18 years old, she heard Francis of Assisi preaching. She was extremely moved by his sermon, so she ran away to join him. Francis didn't have a place for women to stay, so he sent her to the Benedictine convent in San Paulo. Clare's relatives found out where she was staying, but when they arrived to take her back home, she clung to the altar saying she would only wed Christ. When she was staying in another monastery in Panzo, she was reunited with her younger sister, Agnes. Later, when she was 21, she was moved to another convent next to the San Damiano church, where she was appointed the superior for 40 years. In that church, she was reunited with her mother and her other sister named Beatrice. 

Saint Clare of Assisi will be remembered for founding the "Order of Poor Ladies", later named “Poor Clares.” The order of Poor Clares was an order that had strict rules, such as silence vows, poverty, and strict fasting. The Poor Clares was an order for women so they could become closer to God. 

Catherine of Siena

Saint Catherine of Siena (March 25, 1347 – April 29, 1380) was a saint. She was born in Sienna and died in Rome. She promoted peace in Italy and is one of the two patron saints of Italy; the other being Saint Francis of Assisi 

She was born Katerina de Benincasa in western Italy, the 25th of 25 children. She was born at the time of the Black Death, or Bubonic Plague. Although it probably killed many she knew, she herself did not contract the disease and survived the epidemic. She had a twin sister, who died several months later. Her family was part of the lower classes and she did not become literate until 1378. 

At the age of six, Catherine had a vision of Jesus Christ. She continued to receive many visions throughout her life. At age 12, Catherine cut off her hair and was obligated to serve her family, living in small quarters in the basement. At the age of 16, she entered the Third Order of Saint Dominic and later became a Dominican nun. At age 28 she received the stigmata when praying next to a crucifix. 

She wrote a book called "Dialogue", which taught that if you love your neighbors it is loving God. She also devoted her life to improving the Catholic church, helping the ill, poor, and spiritually underprivileged. Catherine persuaded the pope to return from Avignon, France and back into Rome. She also tried to start a new Crusade to the holy land, Jerusalem. She died of “holy anorexia”, as she ate very little in the name of God. She became a saint in 1461, and was later made a Doctor of the Church in 1970 by Pope Paul VI and a patron of Europe in 1999. 

Eleanor, Fair Maid of Brittany

Eleanor the "Fair Maid of Brittany" (c. 1184 – 10 August 1241) was a member of the nobility of England. She was the eldest daughter of Geoffrey Plantagenet and Constance, Duchess of Brittany. She was seen as a potential threat to the throne by her uncle, John of England, and cousin, Henry III of England. She was put in prison from 1202, and so became the longest imprisoned member of an English royal family except for Wulfnoth Godwinson. Although still treated honorably as a princess, she was never released or permitted to marry.

In 1268, Henry III ordered Amesbury to commemorate Arthur and Eleanor along with kings and queens.

Buchenwald concentration camp

Buchenwald concentration camp was a Nazi concentration camp during World War II. In German, the camp was called "Konzentrationslager (KZ) Buchenwald." It was built in Germany in 1937, and stayed open until 1945. Buchenwald was one of the first and largest labor camps built in Germany.

The Nazis sent people from all over Europe and the Soviet Union to Buchenwald. There, they were prisoners and did forced labor in weapons factories.

After the Allies won World War II, the Soviet Union took over Buchenwald and some other parts of Germany. From 1945 to 1950, they used Buchenwald as an internment camp. They called it NKVD Special Camp Number 2. (The NKVD was the Soviet police organization that ran the camp.) On January 6, 1950, the Soviets handed over Buchenwald to the East German Ministry of Internal Affairs.

Today, what is left of Buchenwald is a memorial. There is also a museum there.

The Nazis built Buchenwald on the "Ettersberg" (Etter Mountain), near Weimar, Germany, in July of 1937. They named the camp "Buchenwald," which means "beech forest" in English. On the camp's main gate, they wrote "Jedem das Seine" ("Each to their own”).

Between April 1938 and April 1945, about 238,380 people were sent to Buchenwald. These prisoners included people from many different countries. They also included many Allied prisoners of war (POWs). Over 56,000 prisoners died at Buchenwald.

Buchenwald’s first commandant (camp leader) was Karl-Otto Koch. He ran the camp from 1937 to July 1941. His second wife, Ilse Koch, became well known as "Die Hexe von Buchenwald" ("the witch of Buchenwald") for the terrible ways she treated the prisoners. Koch made the prisoners build a zoo at Buchenwald, with a bear pit ("Bärenzwinger").

Eventually, Koch was put in prison at Buchenwald himself. At first, two Nazi officials named Prince Waldeck and Dr. Morgen accused Koch of encouraging murder. Later, Koch was also charged with corruption, embezzlement, black market dealings, and using the camp's workers to meet his own needs. Other camp officials were also charged, including Ilse Koch.

Karl Koch was tried and sentenced to death. He was executed by a firing squad on April 5, 1945. This was just one week before American soldiers arrived and took over Buchenwald.

After the war, Ilse Koch was sentenced to four years in jail. At first, her sentence was cut down to two years and she was set free. However, after this, she was arrested again and sentenced to life in prison by the new German government. She killed herself in jail in September 1967.

Buchenwald's second commandant was Hermann Pister. He controlled the camp from 1942 to 1945, when it was taken over by American soldiers.

After the war, Pister was tried in the Nuremberg Trials, and was sentenced to death. However, in September 1948, before he could be executed, Pister died of a heart problem.

The Nazis sent prisoners from all over Europe and the Soviet Union to Buchenwald. These included:

Somewhere between 500 and 1,000 women prisoners were kept at Buchenwald. First, in 1941, twenty female political prisoners were brought to Buchenwald from Ravensbrück concentration camp. They were forced to work as sex slaves in the camp's brothel.

However, most of the female prisoners were sent to Buchenwald in 1944 and 1945 from other concentration camps. They were sent mainly from Auschwitz, Ravensbrück, and Bergen Belsen. Later, all the women prisoners were sent to Buchenwald's many female satellite camps (smaller camps around Buchenwald).

Ilse Koch was the head supervisor ("Oberaufseherin") of 22 other female guards and hundreds of women prisoners in the main camp. More than 530 other female guards worked in Buchenwald's many other, smaller camps ("subcamps"). Only 22 women served or trained in the main Buchenwald camp, compared to over 15,500 men.

When the Nazis captured soldiers from Western Allied countries, they almost always sent them to prisoner of war camps, not concentration camps. However, they did keep a group of 168 airmen (flyers) at Buchenwald for two months. These men were from the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and Jamaica. They got to Buchenwald on August 20, 1944.

These airmen's planes had crashed in France, which Nazi Germany controlled. The airmen were sent to Buchenwald, not a POW camp, because the Nazis said they were spies and "terror bombers."

After the war, one airman remembered arriving at Buchenwald:

The airmen were treated and abused in the same way as the other prisoners at Buchenwald. Two airmen died there. Then, in October 1944, the airmen were sent to Stalag Luft III, a regular POW camp. The airmen who were accused of being "terror bombers" were going to be executed at Buchenwald after October 24. They were saved by officers of the Luftwaffe (the German air force), who visited Buchenwald. When they got back to Berlin, these officers made sure the airmen were sent to a regular POW camp, and not executed.

The Nazis' goal for camps like Buchenwald was "Vernichtung durch Arbeit" ("extermination through labor"). This meant that prisoners were being sent to Buchenwald to be worked to death.

Because of the terrible living conditions in the camp, illness was very common and spread quickly. Prisoners were also starving. Because of this combination of illness and starvation, many prisoners were actually "worked to death" as the Nazis had planned. However, many other inmates died from executions, experiments by Nazi doctors, and other causes.
Summary executions of Soviet POWs (executions without a trial) were also done at Buchenwald. In 1941 and 1942, at least 1,000 men were chosen to be killed and were sent to Buchenwald, where they were immediately shot in the back of the head.

Nazi doctors also did experiments on prisoners at Buchenwald. For example, in 1942 and 1943, they used 729 prisoners to test a vaccine for typhus. This meant the prisoners were given the vaccine, and then given typhus on purpose. 154 of these prisoners died. In another experiment, Nazi doctors wanted to see how much of a certain poison was needed to kill a person. They gave four Russian POWs the poison. When the POWs did not die, they were "strangled in the crematorium" and then "dissected" (cut apart to study their bodies). Doctors also burned other prisoners very badly with white phosphorus to test whether a medicine would help similar wounds caused by bombs. After the war ended, at the Nuremberg Trials, one of these doctors defended himself by saying that while he was a doctor, he was also a "legally appointed executioner" (meaning the law allowed him to kill people).

The SS left behind records of how many prisoners came to the camp and how many left. They recorded how many prisoners were let go, sent to another camp, or died. These records say that 33,462 prisoners died at Buchenwald. However, these records may not be completely true. For example, before 1944, when the SS killed prisoners, they often wrote down that the prisoners were "transferred to the Gestapo," not that they were killed. Also, starting in 1941, many Soviet POWs were executed in mass killings. These POWs would be killed as soon as they got to the camp, and were never added to the camp's records. This means they were not listed among the 33,462 dead.

One former Buchenwald prisoner, Armin Walter, counted the number of people who were killed by being shot in the back of the head. Walter's job at Buchenwald was to set up and care for a radio system at the place where people were executed. He counted the number of people who were killed and hid the information. He says that 8,483 Soviet prisoners of war were shot and killed.

When all these deaths are added up, the total number of people who died at Buchenwald is about 56,545. This number includes:

This total of 56,545 deaths means that 24% of the prisoners who were sent to Buchenwald died.

On April 4, 1945, United States soldiers took over Ohrdruf, one of Buchenwald's smaller camps. Ohrdruf was the first Nazi camp liberated (taken over and freed) by U.S. soldiers.

Two days later, the Nazis started trying to evacuate (move everybody out of) Buchenwald. They made thousands of prisoners go on forced marches toward other camps that the Americans had not yet reached.

A Polish engineer named Gwidon Damazyn, who had been a prisoner since March 1941, had set up a secret short-wave radio. On April 8 at noon, Damazyn and Russian prisoner Konstantin Ivanovich Leonov sent a message in Morse code to the Allies. The message had been written by the leaders of the prisoners' underground resistance movement (a group of prisoners who tried to fight the Nazis in secret). It said:

The text was repeated several times in English, German, and Russian. Damazyn sent the English and German messages, and Leonov sent the Russian version. Three minutes after Damazyn sent the last message, the headquarters of the Third United States Army answered:

Damazyn fainted after getting the message.

After learning this news, Communist inmates attacked the camp's watchtowers and killed the guards who were still at the camp. They used guns they had been collecting since 1942 (one machine gun and 91 rifles).

United States soldiers arrived at Buchenwald on April 11, 1945 at 3:15 P.M. (The clock at the entrance gate is now permanently set to this time). The soldiers were given a hero's welcome.

Later that day, United States soldiers took over Langenstein, one of Buchenwald's smaller camps. There, they freed over 21,000 prisoners. They also ordered the mayor of Langenstein to send food and water to the camp, and rushed in medical supplies from an American field hospital.
On Thursday, April 12, 1945, some journalists arrived at Buchenwald. The journalists included Edward R. Murrow, whose radio report about seeing Buchenwald was broadcast on CBS and became one of his most famous:

Between 1945 and February 10, 1950, the camp was run by the Soviet Union. They used it as a prison camp called Special Camp Number 2.

The Soviet Union held 28,455 prisoners, including 1,000 women, at Special Camp Number 2. Soviet records say that 7,113 of these prisoners died. They were buried in mass graves in the woods around the camp. Their families were not told they had died.

Prisoners at Special Camp Number 2 included: 

The NKVD (the Soviet police organization that ran the camp) would not let the prisoners talk to anyone outside the camp. The NKVD also did not try to figure out whether the prisoners were guilty.

On January 6, 1950, the Soviet Minister of Internal Affairs, Sergei Nikiforovich Kruglov, decided that the East German Ministry of Internal Affairs would take over all of the NKVD special camps, including the one at Buchenwald.

In October 1950, Buchenwald was destroyed. The main gate, the crematorium, the hospital block, and two guard towers were left standing. All prisoner barracks and other buildings were torn down. Many of them have been rebuilt.

Just days after the camp was liberated in 1945, freed prisoners built a monument to honor the people who died at Buchenwald. It was made of wood and was meant to be temporary. Eventually it was replaced by a monument made of stainless steel. The surface of this monument is kept at , the temperature of human skin, all year round.

A second monument was also built in 1958, near where prisoners had been buried together in mass graves.

Some people who survived being imprisoned at Buchenwald have written about what happened to them. These people include:

On June 5, 2009, U.S. President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited Buchenwald. Elie Wiesel and Bertrand Herz, two survivors of Buchenwald, went with them. During the visit, President Obama said at as a child, he had heard stories about Buchenwald from his great-uncle, who was part of the 89th Infantry Division. This Division was the first group of American soldiers to reach the Ohrdruf forced labor camp, one of Buchenwald's smaller camps.


Pope Joan

Pope Joan, Johannas, Iohannas or Joanna, was a legendary female Pope. Said to have ruled for two years during 855–857, her story first appeared in 13th century chronicles, then spread throughout Europe through the writings of preachers and story tellers. For centuries she was widely believed to be real; however, today religious scholars think her story is legend. Whether she is real or made up is subject to debate.

The Pope Joan story states that she was German and arrived in Rome dressed in men's clothes, managing to convince people that she was in fact a man. Her alleged male name was John Anglicus. She started out in the clergy as a curiae notary; next she became a cardinal, and then finally she became the Pope. She served as pope for about two and a half years but her true gender was exposed when she became pregnant. The birth of her child was thought to have taken place either on the road that separated the Colosseum and St. Clement's or in the church. Her death and punishment are unknown. 

Vannozza dei Cattanei

Vannozza dei Cattanei (13 July 1442 – 24 November 1518) was an Italian noblewoman. She was one of the many mistresses of Cardinal Rodrigo Borgia, future Pope Alexander VI. Among them, she was the one whose relationship with him lasted the longest.

Photorealism

Photorealism is a style of painting or drawing. The picture is done with a lot of detail to make it look exactly like a photograph. The subjects pictured were often boring, without any special interest. Photorealism developed as an art style in the 1960s and 1970s. Two famous photorealist artists are Richard Estes and Chuck Close.

My Name Is Skrillex

My Name Is Skrillex is the first EP by American electronic music producer, Skrillex. "My Name Is Skrillex" was released on June 7, 2010 on his MySpace profile.

The album is the first solo EP by Sonny Moore under the alias Skrillex. He released a previous album titled "Gypsyhook" under his first name.


Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites

Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites is the second EP by American electronic music producer, Skrillex.

"Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites" was released on October 22, 2010. Skrillex said that he recorded the EP in 2010 at his apartment using a laptop. The EP and song's name was inspired from the 1980 David Bowie album and song "Scary Monsters (and Super Creeps)".

The EP won two Grammys at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards for Best Dance Recording and for Best Dance/Electronica Album. The EP also received generally positive reviews from music critics and reached #49 on the Billboard 200 as well as #1 on the Billboard Heatseekers Albums chart.


More Monsters and Sprites

More Monsters and Sprites is the third EP and first remix album by American electronic music producer, Skrillex.

"More Monsters and Sprites" was released on June 7, 2011. A music video for the song "First of the Year (Equinox)" which was directed by Tony Truand, was nominated for Best Short Form Music Video at the 54th Grammy Awards.

The EP also received generally positive reviews from music critics and reached #124 on the Billboard 200 as well as reaching the top five on both the Billboard Heatseekers and Dance/Electronica Albums chart.


Bangarang (EP)

Bangarang is the fifth EP by American electronic music producer, Skrillex.

"Bangarang" was released on December 23, 2011. Singles from the EP are "Breakn' a Sweat" which features the American rock band The Doors and "Bangarang" which features American rapper Sirah.

The song "Breakn' a Sweat" was written for the 2012 documentary film Re:Generation. The iTunes version of the EP features an "Orchestral Suite" performed by Varien.

The EP received generally mixed to positive reviews from music critics. The EP reached #14 on the Billboard 200 as well as #1 on the Top Dance/Electronic Albums chart.


Leaving (EP)

Leaving is the sixth EP by American electronic music producer, Skrillex. "Leaving" was released on January 2, 2013 to OWSLA's subscription service called The Nest.

Skrillex said that the title song "Leaving" was created in his hotel room in Mexico and that the song "The Reason" was finished an hour before the release of the EP in Moore's hotel room in Miami.


Amine

An amine is a molecule which has a nitrogen atom that can behave as a base. An amine can be thought of coming from ammonia. The difference is that the three hydrogens in ammonia are changed to any group or atom. If only one of the hydrogens is changed, the amine is called primary. If two are changed, the amine is called secondary. If all three are changed then it is called tertiary. 

Sometimes, a fourth group can be added to the nitrogen. This is called a quaternary ammonium cation. This is not an amine but is a salt. If one of the groups on the nitrogen is a carbonyl group, then the molecule is called amide. This has very different properties.

Amines are used a lot in chemistry. Since the nitrogen has a lone pair, it can do many reactions. It can take protons away from some acids. It can also be a nucleophile. It can be changed into imines and other functional groups.

Amines are also found in many proteins. They are a part of every amino acid.

Brenda Strong

Brenda Strong (born March 25, 1960 in Oregon) is an American actress who stars primarily in television programs. She has, however, starred in a limited number of movies. She acted as Mary Alice Young in the ABC sitcom "Desperate Housewives" and as Ann Ewing in the TNT television drama "Dallas", the 2012 edition. Before acting, she was crowned Miss Arizona 1980.

Transactinide element

Transactinide elements are elements that have atomic numbers greater than the actinides. They have atomic numbers from 104 to 120.

They are all synthetic and radioactive. They range from 104 rutherfordium to 118 oganesson on the periodic table.

Canis Major

Sirius is 20 times brighter than the sun.
Canis Major is a constellation that is in the southern sky. It means "greater dog" in Latin (also called large dog). There is also the constellation Canis Minor, which means "lesser dog" in Latin. The astronomer named Ptolemy listed Canis Major when he made a list of 48 constellations. It is also one of the 88 modern constellations that were made by the International Astronomical Union.

The star Sirius is in Canis Major. Sirius has a magnitude of -1.44, which means that it is the brightest star in the night sky. It is sometimes called the "dog star." Also, Sirius is only 8.6 light years away from Earth, which is very close (compared to other stars).
It also contains one of the largest stars known, VY Canis Majoris. VY Canis Majoris is around 1,500 times the size of the sun. The constellation also includes the blue bright giant star Aludra, yellow supergiant Wezen, and red giant Sigma Canis Majoris.

Ron Jeremy

Ronald Jeremy "Ron" Hyatt (born March 12, 1953) who is known professionally by his credited stage name as Ron Jeremy is an American former pornographic actor, movie actor, filmmaker, businessman, stand-up comedian, television personality and convicted sex offender. He is known for his pornographic movies, and he was listed as one of the "Top 50 Best Porno Actors of All Time" as of 2007.

Jeremy was born on March 12, 1953 in Queens, New York City to a Jewish family. He was raised in New York City. He studied at the Queens College in New York. He was a teacher before he became a porn star. He is wellknown for his large circumcised Penis.

Jeremy was a contestant in the second season of "The Surreal Life".

On January 30, 2013, Jeremy went to the hospital in Los Angeles, California after he had an heart aneurysm. The next day he had a surgery. He recovered from the surgery on February 7. He eventually left the hospital on February 19.

More than a twelve women have publicly accused Jeremy of sexual assault. In June 2020, Jeremy was charged with 4 counts of rape and sexual assault involving four women. In August 2020, he was charged with another 20 counts of either rape or sexual assault between 2004 and 2020 respectively. He could originally be sentenced to 250 years in prison.


Jared Harris

Jared Francis Harris (born 24 August 1961) is an English actor. He played Lane Pryce in "Mad Men" and as Ulysses S. Grant in Steven Spielberg's 2012 movie "Lincoln". He won an Sitges Film Festival in 1999. His father was late Irish actor Richard Harris.

Harris was born in Hammersmith, London, England to an Irish father, actor Richard Harris and to a Welsh mother, Elizabeth Rees-Williams. He studied at Downside School and at Duke University. Harris was married to Emilia Fox from 2005 until they divorced in 2010. Since 2011, he has been partners with Allegra Riggio.

Harris lives in Los Angeles, California.

Long hair

Long hair is a hairstyle that is mostly worn by girls and women. Boys and men may sometimes wear hair to shoulder length. Longer than that is rare for men of most cultures.

Extremely long hair (usually waist length or longer) is normally only found in females. The reason is that the female hormonal system affects the growth of their hair, just as the male hormonal system supports facial hair growth. This is also the reason young females can have longer hair than older women.

Hair length is measured (in centimeters or inches) from the line of the scalp on the forehead up over the highest point of the skull to the end of the hair. This method is not suitable for measuring hair length for people with a fringe. In cosmetology, hair lengths are usually described by the part of the body where the longest hair ends: "chin level", "shoulder length", "mid-back level", "waist length", "hip-length", "classic length" (extends to almost upper thigh-length, where the legs meet the buttocks), "thigh-length", "knee-length" and "ankle/floor length" hair.

Hair usually takes about 2–2½ years to reach shoulder length. It usually takes about 4–5 years to grow to the waist (which is about 60-80 cm for most women) if left to grow.

The maximum hair length that is possible to reach is about 15 cm for infants (below the age of 1), about 60 cm for children (below the age of 13), and generally 100 cm for adults. Some individuals can reach excessive lengths. Lengths greater than 150 cm are frequently observed in long hair contests. Xie Qiuping had the longest documented hair in the world, measuring 5.627 m (18 ft 5.54 in) in May 2004.

The maximum hair length depends on the length of the period of hair growth for the individual. Waist-length hair or longer is only possible to reach for women with long periods of hair growth. Hair can grow continuously for between 2 and 7 years.

Head hair is maintained by natural selection after other body hair had been greatly reduced. The hair has at least two functions:

Many Native American men wore long hair before the arrival of western influences on their culture. The long-term preference of females of the tribe for longer male hair would have effect by long-haired males contributing more children than short-haired males.


Pseudanthium

A pseudanthium (Greek for "false flower") or flower head is a special type of inflorescence. Many flowers are grouped together to form a flower-like structure. The real flowers ("florets") are generally small and greatly reduced, but can sometimes be quite large (as in the sunflower flower head).

Pseudanthia are characteristic of the daisy and sunflower family (Asteraceae or Compositae). Their flowers are either "ray flowers" or "disk flowers". The disk flowers in the center of the pseudanthium look like the centre of a normal flower. Flowers on the periphery have one large petal. This sytem is unique to this family. Either ray or disk flowers may be absent in some species: "Senecio vulgaris" lacks ray flowers and "Taraxacum officinale" lacks disk flowers. The pseudanthium has a whorl of bracts below the flowers.

At a glance, a pseudanthium (inflorescence) looks just like a normal flower, but closer inspection shows it is composed of multiple flowers. Thus, the pseudanthium represents an evolution of the inflorescence to a reproductive unit that may function in pollination like a single flower, at least in plants that are animal pollinated. The advantage of this "flower" is that it produces far more seeds than a normal flower, but needs only one act of pollination.

Head<br>
This is an equivalent term for flower head and pseudanthium when used in the botanical sense.

Capitulum (plural capitula)<br>
"Capitulum" can be used as an exact synonym for pseudanthium and flower head. Its use is generally restricted to the Asteraceae family, though at least one source defines it as a small flower head. In addition to its botanical use as a term meaning flower head it is also used to mean the top of the sphagnum plant.

Alison

Alison [al-uh-suhn] is a female given name that has many kinds of spellings. It was originally in medieval Norman. It was derived from the name "Alice". 

The name was first recorded in Scotland in the 12th century. The variant spelling "Allison" ranked 228 for female names for the United States in 1990, and was the 45th most popular for girls between 2005 and early 2010s. Alison has its roots in the English language and is believed to be a variation of the French name Alis.

As "Allison", the name was used for tropical storms for 1989, 1995 and 2001. The 2001 tropical storm was incredibly damaging, which in turn caused the name to be retired the following year.

"Alison" can be used in other cases:




Mind control

Mind control (also known as brainwashing, coercive persuasion or thought control) refers to the way some people have tried to control the beliefs and behaviours of others.

It is a process where a group or individual uses methods to persuade other to change their basic beliefs and values. A group or individual may use unethical methods to persuade others to believe and do what the manipulator(s) want. It often harms the person being manipulated. 

The term has been applied to any tactic, psychological or otherwise, which undermines (damages) an individual's control over their own thinking, behaviour, emotions or decision making.

Theories of brainwashing and of mind control were originally developed to explain how totalitarian regimes appeared to succeed systematically in indoctrinating prisoners of war through propaganda and torture techniques.

Some authors have pointed out that the ideas of mind control can be found in all stages of human history.

The "Oxford English Dictionary" records the earliest known use of "brainwashing" in an article Edward Hunter in "Miami News" published on 7 October 1950. During the Korean War, Hunter, who worked at the time both as a journalist before becoming a U.S. intelligence agent, wrote a series of books and articles on the theme of Chinese brainwashing.

The Chinese term ("xǐ năo", literally "wash brain") was originally used to describe methodologies of coercive persuasion used under the Maoist regime in China. The methods aimed to change people's mindset so they became "right-thinking" members of the new Chinese social system.

Hunter and those who picked up the Chinese term used it to explain why, unlike in earlier wars, a relatively high percentage of American GIs defected to the enemy side after becoming prisoners-of-war. British radio operator Robert W. Ford and British Army Colonel James Carne also claimed that the Chinese subjected them to brainwashing techniques during their war-era imprisonment. The most prominent case in the U.S. was that of Frank Schwable, a prisoner in the war. While in custody, he confessed to having taken part in germ warfare.

After the Korean War, mind control theories shifted in focus from politics to religion. From the 1960s an increasing number of youths started to come into contact with new religious movements (NRM). Some who converted suddenly adopted beliefs and behaviors that differed greatly from those of their families and friends; in some cases they neglected or broke contact with their loved ones. Those against cults explained these sudden and seemingly dramatic religious conversions as due to mind control. The media was quick to follow suit, and social scientists sympathetic to the anti-cult movement, who were usually psychologists, developed more sophisticated models of brainwashing. While some psychologists were receptive to these theories, sociologists were for the most part skeptical of their ability to explain conversion to NRMs.

Alagappa Chettiar College of Engineering and Technology

Alagappa Chettiar College of Engineering and Technology (ACCET-Karaikudi) is an autonomous (with effect from 2009) college of engineering in Karaikudi, Tamil Nadu, India. It was established in 1952. The college is under the control of the state government. It is a member institute under the Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme in India (11 colleges were selected from Tamil Nadu).

585

585 was a common year.


Water Walk

The Water Walk, Infants Walk, or Addison's Walk (Allée d'Eau ou Allée des Marmousets) is a group of 14 fountains at Versailles. These fountains depict children supporting small basins of water. The Water Walk gently slopes from the Parterre du Nord to the Dragon Fountain and the Neptune Fountain. The Water Walk comprises three paths separated by two great lawns. The fourteen fountains are set in each of the two lawns, seven apiece. Another eight were added to the semicircle near the Walk's end. The Walk was created in 1670. The concept was that of Claude Perrault. The children were sculpted by Buirette, Le Hongre, Lerambert, and Mazeline after drawings by Le Brun. The children were originally cast in lead and painted realistically in natural colours. They supported baskets of fruit and flowers. These figures were replaced with gilded bronze copies and basins of marble in 1688. 


Dragon Fountain

The Dragon Fountain is a fountain at the Palace of Versailles in France. at the Palace of Versailles was dedicated by Gaspard Marsy in 1667. The fountain lies at the end of the northern axis between the Water Walk and Neptune Fountain. The Dragon Fountain shoots a jet of water 90 feet into the air. The Dragon Fountain was only operated when it was known the King would be present. All of the other fountains were required to be turned off for this spectacle to be accomplished. At other times it was regulated to a 35-foot jet. Statues of children mounted upon swans bedevil the Dragon.

Frankie Howerd

Francis Alick Howard, known as Frankie Howerd OBE (6 March 1917 - 19 April 1992) was a British comedian and comedy actor. He was born in York, North Riding of Yorkshire. He starred in several movies, including "Carry On Doctor" and "Carry On Up the Jungle". He starred in television series including "Up Pompeii!". He was a promiscuous homosexual and lived with his manager-partner Dennis Heymer (1928-2009) from 1955 until his death. Howerd died of heart failure in Fulham, London.

Waistcoat

A waistcoat (known as a vest in the United States) is a sleeveless upper-body garment. It is worn over a dress shirt and necktie, and below a coat as a part of most men's formal wear. It is the third piece of the three-piece male suit.

The waistcoat has quite a long history, going back to King Charles II. It was derived from the Persian vests seen by English visitors to the court of Shah Abbas. 

As an item of clothing, the waistcoat has the advantage that if the jacket is taken off indoors, the outfit still keeps a degree of formality. 

QNX

QNX is an Unix-like, real-time operating system that is embedded in cars, medical devices, machinery, and other devices. The QNX operating system contains a microkernel that handles basic core tasks and a group of servers / daemons outside of the kernel that handle most other tasks. This design gives end-users and developers greater control (i.e. freedom) over the operating system. BlackBerry (formerly RIM) devices such as the BlackBerry PlayBook tablet and the BlackBerry smartphone use modified versions of the QNX operating system.



Neptune Fountain

The Neptune Fountain or the Fountain of Neptune (Fr: "Bassin de Neptune") is a fountain at the Palace of Versailles. It was built under the direction of landscape designer André Le Nôtre between 1679 and 1681. At that time, it was called the Pool Below the Dragon or the Fir Tree Pool. The Fountain is at the end of the long path that features the Water Walk and the Dragon Fountain. Jacques-Ange Gabriel reworked the pool area very slightly, and, in 1740, the lead sculptures were put in place. The new fountain was officially opened by King Louis XV of France. 

The fountain has 99 jets of water. People admired the force and variety of the jets of water playing over the sculptural groups. The fountain is decorated with stone vases, sea cupids, and three central sculpted groups depicting "Neptune and Amphitrite" by L. A. Adam, "Proteus" by Bouchardin, and "Ocean" by Jean-Baptise Lemoyne. The Neptune Fountain is the largest of all the fountain pools in the gardens of Versailles. Fireworks during the summer months create spectacular displays that are reflected in the fountain's large pool.


Kahina

Dihya (Algerian Arabic: ', Berber: ', Dihya, or Damya), was a Berber queen and religious and military leader. She led the native people to resist Arab expansion in Northwest Africa. This happened in the region then known as Numidia, which is eastern Algeria today. She was born in the early 7th century and died around the end of the 7th century in what is now Algeria.

Giulia Farnese

Giulia Farnese (1474 – 23 March 1524) was mistress to Pope Alexander VI.


Marozia

Marozia, born Maria and also known as Mariuccia or Mariozza (c. 890 – 26 June c. 936), was a Roman noblewoman who was said to be the mistress of Pope Sergius III.

Edith the Fair

Edith Swan Neck, known as Edith the Fair (c. 1025 – c. 1086), was the wife of King Harold II of England.

Agatha, wife of Edward the Exile

Agatha of Kiev ( 1030 — 25 July 1070) was the wife of Edward the Exile, an exiled English prince who was supposed to become the King of England but then died before he could ever become. She was the daughter of Yaroslav the Wise, the Grand Prince of Kiev, and Ingegerd Olofsdotter of Sweden, the daughter of the Swedish king, Olof Skötkonung. She was said to have been a loyal wife to her husband and a loving mother to her children.

Agatha and Edward had three children:

Solomonia Saburova

Saint Solomonia Yuryevna Saburova (c. 1490 – 18 December 1542) was the first wife of Grand Prince Vasili III of Muscovy. She was canonized by the Russian Orthodox Church as Saint Sofia of Suzdal.

Johan Galtung

Johan Galtung (born 24 October 1930 in Oslo; d. 2024) was a Norwegian sociologist and mathematician. He was the main founder of the discipline of peace and conflict studies. He thought that world peace is not only the absence of war but also freedom from poverty and discrimination. In 1987, he won the Right Livelihood Award.

List of national trees

A tree emblem is a tree or plant that is chosen by a country as a symbol or emblem for that country.

Natore District

Natore is a district of Rajshahi Division in northern Bangladesh. 
It borders the metropolitan city of Rajshahi, and used to be part of Rajshahi district.

At first Natore was a beel (a large water body) whose name was Chaivhanga. In 1706 Raja Ramjibon Rai established his capital here by filling the beel. Up until 1821 Natore was the central office of Rajshahi district. In 1845 Natore Mahakuma was established. Natore Municipality was established in 1869. Natore became a fullfledged district in 1984. “Indigo resistance” movements took place in this district during 1859 and 1860.
Natore was the District Headquarters of Rajshahi since 1769-1825. Administrative Natore subdivision was established in 1825 under Rajshahi district, on the eve of the shifting of the HQ.

During the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971 a direct battle was fought between the Pakistani occupation army and the freedom fighters of Mukti Bahini on 29 March in which about 40 members of the Pakistani army including Major Aslam and Captain Ishaq were killed. On 5 May 1971 Pakistani Army killed 42 employees of North Bengal Sugar Mills (Lalpur) including the then General Manager of the mill, Lieutenant Anwarul Azim; they were killed near a pond in the mill campus. The pond is now known as "Shaheed Sagar" and there is a memorial beside the pond.

Marks of the War of Liberation: Mass grave 5, memorial 1.

Sirajganj District

Sirajganj () is a district in northern Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rajshahi Division.

Pabna District

Pabna () is a district in north-western Bangladesh. It is the southernmost district of Rajshahi Division.

Sign of the Dove

In Christianity, the Sign of the Dove was a prearranged sign by which John the Baptist would recognize the Messiah.

The four Gospels each record an account of the sign of the dove.
Matt. 3:16 (Mark 1:10; Luke 3:22; John 1:32)
"And Jesus, when he was baptized, went up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him."

The sign of the dove is also recorded in the Book of Mormon.

1 Ne. 11:2"abide upon him in the form of a dove."

2 Ne. 31:8 (D&C 93:15) "Holy Ghost descended upon him in the form of a dove."

Abr. Fac. 2, Fig. 7 sign of the Holy Ghost... in the form of a dove.

Joseph Smith taught: ""The sign of the dove was instituted before the creation of the world, a witness for the Holy Ghost, and the devil cannot come in the sign of a dove. The Holy Ghost is a personage, and is in the form of a personage. It does not confine itself to the form of the dove, but in sign of the dove. The Holy Ghost cannot be transformed into a dove; but the sign of a dove was given to John who had baptized Jesus to signify the truth of the deed, as the dove is an emblem or token of truth and innocence.""

In Hebrew, Jonah (יוֹנָה) means dove. The "sign of Jonas" in Mat 16:1-4 is related to the "sign of the dove".

The Christian symbol of a dove with an olive branch in it’s beak represents love and peace and comes from Genesis 8:6 - 12 which reads:
""And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made:...Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground; But the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the ark, for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark. And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark; And the dove came in to him in the evening; and, lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth. And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned not again unto him any more."" 

Doves were also used in ancient Israel as Korban, or religious sacrifice within the tabernacle and temples. 
""And if the burnt sacrifice for his offering to the Lord be of fowls, then he shall bring his offering of turtledoves, or of young pigeons.""

In the Ancient Near East and Mediterranean, doves were used as symbols for the Canaanite mother goddess Asherah, the Phoenician goddess Tanit, and the Roman goddesses Venus and Fortunata.

Psalms 55:6 And I said, Oh that I had wings like a dove! for then would I fly away, and be at rest.

Psalms 68:13 yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove covered with silver, and her feathers with yellow gold.

Song of Solomon 2:14 O my dove, that art in the clefts of the rock

Song of Solomon 5:2 Open to me, my sister, my love, my dove, my undefiled: for my head is filled with dew, and my locks with the drops of the night.

Isaiah 38:14 I did mourn as a dove: mine eyes fail with looking upward: O LORD, I am oppressed; undertake for me.

Jeremiah 48:28 O ye that dwell in Moab, leave the cities, and dwell in the rock, and be like the dove that maketh her nest in the sides of the hole's mouth.

Hosea 7:11 Ephraim also is like a silly dove without heart

Anna of Kashin

Saint Anna of Kashin (1280 – 2 October 1368) was a Russian princess from the Rurik Dynasty. She was given sainthood in 1650. Her feast day, October 2, was created in 1909.

Matilda of Scotland

Matilda of Scotland (c. 1080 – 1 May 1118), born Edith, was the first wife and Queen consort of Henry I of England.

Joan Beaufort, Queen of Scots

Joan Beaufort (c. 1404 – 15 July 1445) was the Queen Consort of Scotland from 1424 to 1437. She was the wife of King James I of Scotland. She was the Regent of Scotland during part of the minority of her son James II (from 1437 to 1439).

A Lady in Her Bath

A Lady in Her Bath is a painting by François Clouet. It was painted in 1571. It measures 92.3 x 81.2 cm (36 5/16 x 31 15/16 in.) The picture is in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC. It is one of only three paintings signed by Clouet. The teenaged bather is unknown. It is possible that she is Diane de Poitiers, mistress of King Henry II of France when she was a teenager. Scholar Roger Trinquet suggested in 1966 that the teenaged lady is Mary Queen of Scots. The lady's face resembles other portraits of Mary, especially a drawing by Clouet depicting Mary in mourning. Trinquet believes the painting was intended as a satire for a Huguenot patron. The painting set a fashion for portraits of bathers.

The National Gallery writes: "The masklike symmetry of the bather's face makes exact identification difficult; scholars have suggested that her aristocratic features indicate that she is one of several royal mistresses, most notable among them Diane de Poitiers, the mistress of Henry II. It is possible that the nude, a Venus type, represents ideal beauty rather than a specific individual. The contrast of the smoothly rendered nude figure to the intricate surface details of the fruit, draperies, and jewelry, presents a union of Flemish and Italian motifs that characterized French courtly art of the sixteenth century."

List of national animals

A national animal is an animal that is the symbol or emblem of a country.

Wind from the Sea

Wind from the Sea is a tempera on hardboard painting by Andrew Wyeth. It was painted in 1947. It measures 47 x 70 cm (18 1/2 x 27 9/16 in.) The work hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC. They write: ""Wind from the Sea" is an iconic example of Wyeth's landscapes, as well as one of the earliest examples of his use of windows and his often unique choice of vantage point. Three preparatory studies for the painting accompanied the gift. All four works were bequeathed to the Gallery by Charles H. Morgan."Wind from the Sea" is the second painting by Wyeth to enter the National Gallery's collection; "Snow Flurries", a 1953 tempera painting, was given in 1977." 

Dras

Drass () or Dras is a sub-district of the Kargil District in Jammu and Kashmir, India. 

Sindh High Court

The High Court of Sindh is the highest judicial institution of Sindh province. Established in 1906, it is in the provincial capital, Karachi. Apart from being the highest Court of Appeal for Sindh in civil and criminal matters, the Court was the District Court and the Court of Session in Karachi.

Peshawar High Court

The Peshawar High Court is the highest court of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa. It is located in the provincial capital Peshawar.

Islamabad High Court

Islamabad High Court, located in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan, was established under Islamabad High Court Act, 2010 after the 18th amendment in the Pakistani constitution. Earlier, the Islamabad High Court was established by the President Pervez Musharraf by a Presidential Order of 14th August, 2007.

Lahore High Court

The Lahore High Court is based in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It was established as a high court on 1 March 1882. The Lahore High Court has jurisdiction over Punjab. The High Court's main seat is in Lahore, but there are benches in three other Pakistani cities: Rawalpindi, Multan and Bahawalpur.

Ghebi

Ghebi is a dialect of the Punjabi language spoken in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Alexander Ypsilantis

Alexander Ypsilantis (1792–1828) was a main participant in the Greek War of Independence against the Ottoman Empire in 1821. He was also a senior officer of the Imperial Russian cavalry during the Napoleonic Wars.


Batman &amp; Robin

Batman & Robin is a 1997 American action-adventure movie directed by Joel Schumacher. It is based on the comic book character created by Bob Kane. It stars George Clooney as Batman, Chris O'Donnell as Robin, Alicia Silverstone as Batgirl, Arnold Schwarzenegger as Mr. Freeze, and Uma Thurman as Poison Ivy. The movie is about Batman and Robin trying to prevent Mr. Freeze, Poison Ivy, and Bane from covering Gotham City with ice and vegetation while at the same time struggling to keep their partnership together. It grossed over $230 million in the box office. It got mixed reviews from the critics. It was criticized for its gay innuendo.
Dr Pamela Isley was a scientist working in South America until her superior Dr Jason Goodhue tried to kill when she found out he was trying to use her experiments to make a super race of thugs {BAne] Instead of being killed she was trasformed into a half Human-half plant mutant calling her self "Poison Ivy". She embarks on a crime wave until she is imprisoned at Gotham Arkham Asylum, where she meets "Mr Freeze" a former physician who in trying to cure his cryogenically frozen thermally ill wife was accidently submerged into a freezing solution in which he can only exist in subzero temperatures. They Both escape from the asylum Freeze to turn the entire world into a ice planet...while "Poison Ivy" tries to make plant life supreme species. Ivy tries to kill Mrs Fries and then Robin but fails both times and is captured by Batgirl; Mr Freeze finds that his wife is still alive and gives Batman a cure Alfred the Butler who has been stricken with a deadly illness. Back at Arkham Asylum the nearly totally insane Poison IVy is imprisoned in a permanent Freeze beam; her roommate Mr Freeze tells her that he is going to make her life "A living hell" of permanent Winter in revenge for what she did to his wife,

Yin and yang

The Taijitu, more commonly referred to as Yin and yang, is a Chinese symbol from a belief system called Taoism. It is also stylized as Yinyang or Yin-Yang. It represents the idea that nature is made up of opposing, yet complementary forces and energy.

The traditional symbol has two opposite colors, White (Yang) and Black (Yin). Both sides contain the opposite color inside of itself to represent the main idea of dualism. Some examples of these balanced opposites are: Light and Dark, Male and Female, Expansion and Contraction, Up and Down, Sun and Moon, and Movement and Rest. 

Yin and Yang are interchangeable with one another, so Yang can become Yin. The Yin-Yang duality also applies to how people should live their lives. The belief is that we should not have too much or too little of something, such as food for example. While food is essential to life and survival, eating too much can cause health problems, while too little causes starvation.

Alternative and holistic medicine includes the Yin–Yang dualism and has grown in popularity in the western world. The symbol and ideas are often portrayed in daily life, such as in movies or artwork. 

Science includes that ideal of dualism in some areas as well. Magnets require both north and south poles to be functional and to move. In chemistry, protons can be represented by Yang and electrons can be represented by Yin.


Aspen, Colorado

Aspen is a municipality in Colorado. The municipality is known for its large ski-resorts and for hosting many ski-related games. Aspen is home to 7,004 people as of 2020. The city was founded in 1879.

Aspen is in a remote area of the Rocky Mountains. The Roaring Fork River flows through the town. In the early years of the town, Aspen was a major center of silver mining. After a major recession, the city fell into decline, and most of the people that lived there left. However, after World War II the area was developed as a ski resort, and became a major skiing destination. Popular with celebrities, today it is one of the richest cities in the US and it remains a popular skiing destination. 


Sid Fleischman

Albert Sidney "Sid" Fleischman (March 16, 1920 – March 17, 2010) was a Newbery Medal-winning American author who was known for his award-winning book "The Whipping Boy" and for "Humbug Mountain". He also won the Horn Book Award. The Sid Fleischman Award for funny fiction books for children or young adults was named after him. 

Fleischman was born on March 16, 1920 in Brooklyn, New York. His parents were Russian Jews. He was raised in San Diego, California and in Santa Monica, California. Fleischman studied at San Diego State University. 

Fleischman was married to Betty Taylor from 1952 until her death in 1993. They had three children. Their son Paul also became an Newbery Medal-winning writer. They were the only father and son to win a Newbery Medal. Fleischman died on March 17, 2010 in Santa Monica, California from cancer, just a day after his birthday, aged 90.


Les Misérables (2012 movie)

Les Misérables is a 2012 British musical-drama movie. It stars Anne Hathaway as Fantine, Russell Crowe as Javert, and Hugh Jackman as Jean Valjean. The movie is based on the musical of the same name, which, in turn, is based on the 1862 Victor Hugo novel, "Les Misérables".

Critics gave the movie good reviews. Hathaway's performance won her a Screen Actors Guild Award, a Golden Globe Award, an Academy Award, and many other awards. Jackman won a Golden Globe Award for his performance.

Argo (2012 movie)

Argo is an 2012 action-thriller movie directed by Ben Affleck and produced by George Clooney. It stars Ben Affleck as Tony Mendez, Alan Arkin as Lester Siegel, and John Goodman as John Chambers. This movie is based on real events of the 1979-1981 Iranian hostage crisis. The movie was about an CIA agent (Tony Mendez) sent to save six U.S. diplomats in Tehran, Iran. To save them, he had to pretend they were making “Argo”, a fake science-fiction film. Critics gave the movie good reviews. It won many awards for Best Movie including an Golden Globe Award for Best Picture - Drama and Best Picture at the Academy Awards.

Arabian wolf

The Arabian wolf ("Canis lupus arabs") is a subspecies of grey wolf. It was once found throughout the Arabian Peninsula, but now only lives in small areas in Saudi Arabia, Oman, Yemen, Iraq, and southern Israel, Jordan and the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt.

Chris Griffin

Chris Griffin is a character in the television comedy "Family Guy". He is the 15-year-old older son of Lois Griffin and Peter Griffin. He has a brother, Stewie, and a sister, Meg. They are an American family. Chris is like his father, both are unfit and not as smart as others. He has an "evil monkey" in his closet that everyone thinks is fake until everyone finds out it's real in the episode "Hannah Banana". Chris was 13 years old when the series started.

Meg Griffin

Meg Griffin is a character in the television comedy "Family Guy". 

At age 18, she is the oldest child of Lois Griffin and Peter Griffin. She has two younger siblings, Chris and Stewie. 

Meg is one of the most hated members of her family and is bullied and humorlessly abused by her own family and friends because she is believed very ugly by everybody, except by a nerd at her school who has a crush on Meg, that she doesn't want.

Bactrian deer

The bactrian deer ("Cervus elaphus bactrianus") is also called the Bukhara deer, Bokhara deer or Bactrian wapiti. 

It is a subspecies of red deer that is native to the lowlands of Central Asia. It is similar to the Yarkand deer in that it lives around the banks of rivers surrounded by desert. Both subspecies are separated from one another by the Tian Shan Mountains.

Glenn Quagmire

Glenn Quagmire usually called by his maiden name Quagmire, is a character from the animated television comedy show "Family Guy". 

He lives on the same street as Peter Griffin and Joe Swanson, making them his besties. He is also best friends with the two. He works as a pilot. 

He was born in 1948, but looks younger because he eats a lot of carrots. Quagmire is best known for having a lot of sex or making a lot of sex jokes with his catchphrase "Giggity" or his other catchphrase, "I'm Glenn Quagmire." Peter Griffin, his best friend, once called him a "heartless sex hound". Quagmire hates Brian Griffin, Peter's dog and in the episode "Jerome Is the New Black" Quagmire calls Brian a "sponge" and "the worst person he knows". 

He also made one appearance in "The Cleveland Show".

Joe Swanson

Joseph "Joe" Swanson is a character in the animated television series "Family Guy". He is friends with other main characters, Peter Griffin, Cleveland Brown and Glenn Quagmire. Joe is in a wheelchair because a criminal shot him in both legs. He is married to Bonnie Swanson. Their relationship is not as strong as Peter and Lois Griffin, but they appear to put up with each other. They had one son, Kevin Swanson and a daughter. Bonnie was pregnant with their daughter for about 7-8 seasons instead of 9 months. Joe works as a police officer. Joe usually wears a grey shirt and blue trousers. Sometimes, he is seen wearing his police uniform.

Mayor West

Mayor Adam West is a character for the television comedy "Family Guy". He is voiced and based on the actor Adam West. He first appeared as the crazy mayor of Quahog, Rhode Island in "Fifteen Minutes of Shame". He usually never takes things seriously and only cares about his office. He is married to Carol West, Lois Griffin's sister.

The fate of the character is currently unknown following Adam West's death in June 2017.

Chhera Island

Chhera island (Bengali: ), also called Cheradia Island or Cheridia Island, is an extension of St. Martin's Island in Bangladesh, but cut off from it by sea during high tides. During low tide period, the Chhera island can be reached by walking for about two and a half hours from St. Martin's Island. The most popular way of getting there is by motorboat.

Corals can be found all over the island. It has one small green area where bushes grow. No permanent settlement exists except for tourists.

St. Martin's Island

St. Martin's Island is a small island (about 8 square kilometres) in the northeast of the Bay of Bengal. It is about 9 km south of the tip of the Cox's Bazar-Teknaf peninsula, and is the southernmost part of Bangladesh. There is a small connected island that is separated at high tide, called Chhera Island. It is about 8 km west of the northwest coast of Myanmar, at the mouth of the Naf River.

Teknaf

Teknaf () is a thana of Cox's Bazar Thana in the Chittagong Division, Bangladesh. It forms the southernmost point in mainland Bangladesh (St. Martin's Island is the southernmost point). The name of the region comes from the Naf River which forms the Eastern boundary of the thana.

MSF (Doctors without Borders),SHED (Society for Health Extension & Development), Brac, Pulse Bangladesh, Nacom, Muslim Aid, Uddipon, Rtm, Tai, Msf, Save the children, IOM, Mukti cox's Bazar, ACF, DRC, Ipsa, Codec, aid comilla etc. Caritas Bangladesh, NRC.
1. Teknaf Govt. College

2. Teknaf Govt. Technical College

3. Saintmartin Bangladesh Navy Islamic College

4. Moinuddin Memorial College
Baba and Bhit Islands

Baba Bhit Island () is the smallest neighbourhood of Kiamari Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It includes three small fishing islands which in the centre of the harbour of Karachi.

Justice League (movie)

Justice League is a 2017 American superhero movie directed by Zack Snyder. It is based on the DC Comics superhero team the Justice League. It is the fifth part in the DC Extended Universe. The movie has a screenplay written by Chris Terrio and Joss Whedon.

Years ago, Steppenwolf and his army of Parademons attempt to conquer and remake Earth through the combined energies of the Mother Boxes before they are foiled by a unified army that included the Amazons, Atlanteans and humans. After repelling Steppenwolf's army, the Mother Boxes are separated and hidden in locations around the world.

In the present, the world is in mourning following the death of Superman. Sensing humanity's fear, Steppenwolf and his Parademons return to Earth to resume their hunt for the Mother Boxes through kidnapping several employees of S.T.A.R. Labs, which is in possession of one box. Having investigated the kidnappings and encountered a Parademon himself, Bruce Wayne decides to move forward in recruiting his planned team of metahumans as he believes an invasion is coming.

Steppenwolf manages to retrieve the Mother Box from Themyscira, prompting Queen Hippolyta to warn her daughter Diana Prince. Diana joins Wayne's group and informs him about Steppenwolf and the Mother Boxes. The two of them fail to persuade Arthur Curry and Victor Stone, but manage to recruit Barry Allen into the team. Stone later joins the group after his father Silas is among those kidnapped, and Steppenwolf attacks Atlantis to retrieve the second Mother Box.

The team receives intel from Commissioner James Gordon that the Parademons are traveling underground, and conclude that Steppenwolf's army is based in an abandoned facility. Although the group manages to rescue the kidnapped employees, the facility is flooded during combat, which traps the team until Curry rescues them, having decided to join them after Steppenwolf's attack on Atlantis. Stone retrieves the last Mother Box from S.T.A.R. Labs for the group to analyze. Wayne decides to use the Mother Box to resurrect Superman not only to help them fight Steppenwolf's army, but also to restore hope in humanity. Diana and Curry are hesitant about the idea, but Wayne forms a secret contingency plan.

Clark Kent's body is exhumed and placed in the waters of the Kryptonian ship, and Allen provides a strong energy blast to activate the Box and resurrect Superman. Superman, however, possesses few memories, and he attacks the group after Stone accidentally launches a projectile at him. On the verge of being killed by Superman, Wayne enacts his contingency plan: Lois Lane. Superman calms down and leaves with Lois to his family home where he reflects and tries to recover his memories. With the last Mother Box unguarded, Steppenwolf retrieves it with ease.

Without Superman to aid them, the remaining five heroes travel to a village in Russia where Steppenwolf plans to unite the boxes once again and reshape the world for his nephew Darkseid. The team fight their way through the Parademons to reach Steppenwolf, although they are unable to distract him enough for Stone to separate the boxes. Superman arrives and assists Allen in evacuating the city, as well as Stone in separating the Mother Boxes. The united heroes manage to defeat Steppenwolf, who, overcome with fear, is attacked by his own Parademons, before they are all taken away by a Boom Tube.

In the aftermath of the battle, Wayne decides to rebuild Wayne Manor as a base of operations for the team and he and Diana agree that more heroes could join. Diana as Wonder Woman begins engaging more with the public. Allen manages to acquire a job in Central City's police department. Stone continues to explore and enhance his abilities with his father in S.T.A.R. Labs. Curry returns to Atlantis. Clark returns as a "Daily Planet" reporter and resumes his role as Superman.

In a mid-credits scene, Flash and Superman decide to race. In a post-credits scene, Lex Luthor has escaped from prison and recruits bounty hunter Slade Wilson to form their own league.

Joe Morton and Robin Wright reprises their roles as Dr. Silas Stone, a scientist at S.T.A.R. Labs and Victor Stone's father, and as General Antiope, Hippolyta's sister and Diana's aunt/mentor, from "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" and "Wonder Woman", respectively. Amber Heard, Billy Crudup, and Kiersey Clemons will portray Mera, Dr. Henry Allen, and Iris West, respectively. Julian Lewis Jones and Michael McElhatton have been cast in undisclosed roles.

Main filming for "Justice League" began on April 11, 2016 in London. Filming ended on October 14, 2016.

In March 2016, Hans Zimmer, who composed the score for "Man of Steel" and "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice", stated that he is officially retired from the "superhero business". By June 2016 he was replaced by Junkie XL, who wrote and composed the soundtrack of "Dawn of Justice" alongside Zimmer himself. In 2017, it was announced that Danny Elfman would also compose the movie.

The movie was released on November 17, 2017 with an IMAX release.

Immediately after the theatrical release of "Justice League", fans created an online petition to release the "Snyder Cut" that gained more than 180,000 signatures. The movement, which used the hashtag #ReleaseTheSnyderCut on social media. This was due to fans not liking the released version as Zack Snyder left production after his daughter committed suicide. After Joss Whedon took over, only 25% of the movie was from Snyder. Members of the "Justice League" cast and crew showing support for the Snyder Cut's release.

In May 2020, it was announced that the Snyder Cut would be released on the streaming service HBO Max in 2021.


Kantaji Temple

Kantojiu Temple () at Kantanagar is a late-medieval Hindu temple in Dinajpur District, Bangladesh. It was built by Maharaja Pran Nath; its construction started in 1702 and ended in 1752, during the reign of his son Maharaja Ramnath. It has one of the best examples of terracotta architecture in Bangladesh. It once had nine spires, but they were all destroyed in an earthquake in 1897.

Swami Bagh Temple

Swami Bagh Temple is a prominent Hindu temple of the Vaishnav Cult in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh.

Temple of King Kangsa Narayan

The Temple of King Kangsa Narayan () is a Hindu temple in northern Bangladesh. It is in Rajshahi's Tahirpur, where legend says that the Durga Puja of the Hindu community was performed for the first time in the Indian subcontinent.

Puthia Temple Complex

The Puthia Temple Complex is a group of important old Hindu temples in Puthia Upazila, Rajshahi Division, Bangladesh. It is located 23 km to the east of Rajshahi city. It has the largest number of historic temples in Bangladesh.

Bishyanath Temple

Bishyanath Temple is a Hindu temple, dedicated to the Hindu God Shiva, in the Mymensingh District of Bangladesh. It is one of the most important temples in the district. The temple is unique because of its pagoda-like architecture.

Boro Kali Bari Temple

Boro Kali Bari is one of the oldest Hindu temples in the city of Mymensingh, Bangladesh. The temple is dedicated to the goddess Kali.

Laxmi Narayan Mandir, Dhaka

Laxmi Narayan Mandir is a Hindu temple, devoted to Laxmi, the Hindu goddess of wealth. It is located at 31 Nawabpur Road in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The temple is about 300 years old. It was established in the Bengali year of 1056.

Joy Kali Temple

The Temple of Joy Kali is a Hindu temple in Bangladesh. It is located between Thathari Bazar and Wari, on a road named after this temple, called 24 Joy Kali Temple Street. The temple is devoted to Goddess Kali. The statue of Kali is of great significance to the Hindus. The visitors and committee members of this temple gather money for occasions, where sweets are later distributed among them which is called 'Prasad'.

Shree Shree Siddheswari Kalimandir

The Siddheshwari Kali Mandir is a Hindu temple located at 14 Siddheshwari Lane in Dhaka, Bangladesh.

Muktagachha Shiva temple

The Muktagachha Shiva temple is a Hindu temple outside the Rajbari of Muktagachha, in the Mymensingh District of Bangladesh.

Kaliya jue Temple

Kaliya jue Temple () is a Hindu temple in the town of Dinajpur Sadar, Bangladesh. It is dedicated to the Hindu God Krishna. The temple is situated to the west side of the Dinajpur Rajbari.

Chatteshwari Temple

Chatteshwari Temple is a Hindu temple in the centre of Chittagong city in Bangladesh. The temple is dedicated to the Goddess Kali. It was built in the 18th century. In Hindu belief, the goddess of the temple is considered the guardian deity of the town Chittagong.

Lalmai Chandi Temple

Lalmai Chandi Temple, also called Chandimura Mandir is an ancient Hindu temple in Bangladesh. It is on the summit of the Lalmai hill in Barura Upazila of Comilla District. The temple is dedicated to the Goddess Kali. There is a temple dedicated to the God Shiva nearby.

Sonarang Twin Temples

Sonarang Twin Temples are two Hindu temples in Sonarang village in Bangladesh. The two temples stand side by side on a single masonry platform surrounded by a moat on three sides and an access path on the eastern side.

Aristolochia

Aristolochia is a large plant genus with over 500 species of shrubs and herbs, many having medicinal properties. Collectively known as birthworts, pipevines or Dutchman's pipes, they are the namesake of the family (Aristolochiaceae). They are widespread and occur in the most diverse climates. Some species, like "A. utriformis" and "A. westlandii", are threatened with extinction.

"Isotrema" is usually included here, but might be a valid genus. If so, it contains those species with a three-lobed calyx.



Shanksville, Pennsylvania

Shanksville, Pennsylvania is a small borough in Somerset County, Pennsylvania. About 200 people live there. The town is from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The area became well-known worldwide when United Airlines Flight 93 crashed into a field during the September 11 attacks. The town was founded in 1798.


1993 World Trade Center bombing

The 1993 World Trade Center bombing happened on February 26, 1993 in the bottom section of the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York City, United States. Six people were killed, including a woman who was 7 months pregnant. About 1,042 people were injured. The plan was to use truck bombs parked in the parking lot of the bottom of the North Tower. The main leader of the al-Qaeda cell sent to destroy the buildings hoped the explosions would cause the North Tower to collapse and hit the South Tower.

The cell's leader was Ramzi Yousef. The group wanted to destroy the building because many Jews worked in it. Their leader Osama bin Laden was disappointed to see the buildings were not destroyed, so he wanted another attack on the same building. The result would be the September 11 attacks in 2001.


New Super Mario Bros. U

New Super Mario Bros. U is a 2012 platform video game for the Wii U game console. It is a sequel to the 2009 game "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" on the Wii, which is a follow-up to the 2006 Nintendo DS game "New Super Mario Bros.", and the fourth game in the "New Super Mario Bros." series. It was developed by Nintendo EAD Group No. 4 and published by Nintendo. It was released on November 18, 2012 in North America, on November 30, 2012 in Europe, and on December 8, 2012 in Japan. It is a follow-up to the Nintendo 3DS game "New Super Mario Bros. 2" (released three months before), which is a sequel to the 2006 game and a follow-up to the 2009 game.

Up to five players can play at a time. The game can be played with either the Wii Remote or the Wii U GamePad. The Wii U GamePad allows for handheld Play, where the game can be played on the controller without the use of a television screen.

For the "Year of Luigi", which celebrates the 30th anniversary of Luigi's first appearance in the "Mario" series, Nintendo released downloadable content called New Super Luigi U which was also released on the Wii U. Players play as Luigi in harder versions of the game's levels. It was released in mid-2013. It was also released as a game and not a download. A port of NSMBU, titled "New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe," was released for the Nintendo Switch on January 11, 2019.

Mario/Luigi and his friends are at Princess Peach's castle with Peach when Bowser attacks the castle. The attack sends them flying far away from the castle. They must go through eight worlds to rescue Peach and her castle.

New Super Luigi U (stylised as New Super Luigi Bros. U) is a 2.5D side-scrolling platform video game. It was released as a downloadable DLC to this game and later a stand-alone game.


New Covenant

New Covenant in Christianity, refers to the New Testament, as opposed to the Old Testament. Perhaps the fullest explanation is in the Epistle to the Hebrews, which explains how Jesus' death on the cross replaces the need for animal sacrifice as laid out in Leviticus.


Agnes

The name Agnes[ag-nis] is a female given name based on the Greek name "hagne".Agnes is a Latin name meaning "pure" or "holy". The name was made popular by Saint Agnes of Rome, who was a well known saint. 

Agnes was the third most popular girl's name for almost 400 years in English-speaking areas. The name was used a lot until near the 1970s in the United States. It was especially popular between 1900 and 1920, during which time the name spent a few years on the top 50 list for feminine names.In 2021 this name is not so popular and is a more personalized name.

The name was used on a costly hurricane that caused over $3 billion in damage and many deaths in 1972. The name "Agnes" was later retired.







Stand Up Guys

Stand Up Guys is a 2012 crime comedy about revenge. It stars Christopher Walken, Al Pacino and Julianna Margulies. It premiered at Chicago International Film Festival. The reviews for this crime comedy were not good.

Jake Wood

Jacob Dylan "Jake" Wood (born July 12, 1972) is an English actor, voice artist, and comedian. He is best known for playing Max Branning in "EastEnders" and in the United States as the current voice of the GEICO gecko.

Carlos Alazraqui

Carlos Jaime Alazraqui (born July 20, 1962) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and voice artist, best known for playing Deputy James Garcia in "Reno 911!". He's also known as the voice of Rocko in "Rocko's Modern Life", Lazlo in "Camp Lazlo", Denzel Crocker in "The Fairly OddParents", Walden in "Wow! Wow! Wubbzy!", Carlos and Sergio in "The Casagrandes", Ryan Illinois and Darkness Bullseye in "Wattu Academy" and Emily Morales and Chazz Master in "Wonder Spencer".

Aurangabad division

Aurangabad Division is one of the six administrative divisions of Maharashtra state in India. Before 1956 the division was part of the State of Hyderabad.


Gulbarga division

Gulbarga Division is one of the four divisions of Karnataka state of India. The division is made up of the districts of Bellary, Bidar, Gulbarga, Koppal, Yadgir and Raichur. The city of Gulbarga is the headquarters of the division. Before 1956 the division was part of the disputed territory of State of Hyderabad.

Allahabad division

Allahabad () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Azamgarh division

Azamgarh () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India. It has many small villages like Badharia, Saraimeer , etc


Bareilly division

Bareilly () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Basti division

Basti () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Chitrakoot division

Chitrakoot () is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Devipatan division

Devipatan () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Faizabad division

Ayodhya is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Gorakhpur division

Gorakhpur () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Jhansi division

Jhansi is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Bischhausen

Bischhausen is a village in southern Lower Saxony, Germany. In December 2010, 371 people lived in the village (as of May 4, 2015). It is near the previous border with what was the German Democratic Republic (East Germany). The castle ruins called the Gleichen are on two small mountains near the village. Almost all the working people who live in the village are farmers or work in the city of Göttingen, which is not far away. There is one church: the Lutheran church of St. Martin.

The mayor is Michael Dusch.

Kanpur division

Kanpur () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Lucknow division

Lucknow () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Meerut division

Meerut () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Mirzapur division

Mirzapur () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Moradabad division

Muradabad is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Saharanpur division

Sahranapur () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Varanasi division

Varanasi () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Bath Island

Bath Island () is a neighbourhood of Saddar Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

Buddo Island

Buddo Island () (also known as "Dingi") is a small island in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

Bundal Island

Bundal Island () (also known as "Bundaar") is a small island in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

Astola Island

Astola Island, also known as "" () or 'Island of the Seven Hills', is an uninhabited island in the Arabian Sea. It is part of Pakistan, about 25 km south of Pakistan's nearest coastline and 39 km southeast of the fishing port of Pasni. Astola is Pakistan's largest offshore island and the only major island in the northern Arabian Sea. It is about large. Administratively, the island is part of the Pasni subdistrict of Gwadar District in Balochistan province.

Jim Belushi

James Adam "Jim" Belushi (born June 15, 1954) is an Albanian-American actor, comedian, singer and musician. He played James "Jim" Orenthal in the series "According to Jim".

He is John Belushi's younger brother.


Naturalism

Naturalism is a philosophical viewpoint. According to this viewpoint everything arises from natural properties and causes, and supernatural or spiritual explanations are excluded or discounted.

Naturalism may also refer to:


Big Brother (British TV series)

Big Brother (also called "Big Brother UK)" is a reality television series in the United Kingdom which began in 2000. It is a version of the "Big Brother" franchise. Contestants must complete challenges while living in a house full of cameras.

In some series the house is in London; in some series it is in Hertfordshire. In some series, the housemates are celebrities. From 2000-2010, it was shown on Channel 4 and was presented by Davina McCall; from 2011-2018, it was shown on Channel 5 and was presented by Emma Willis. from 2023, it is shown on ITV2, ITV1 and ITVX and is presented by AJ Odudu and Will Best.

A group of contestants who don't know each other move into a house full of cameras. They are watched every day and are set challenges by a fictional character named "Big Brother". The contestants can speak to Big Brother privately in a room called the "diary room". They are not allowed to have contact with the outside world. Throughout the series, the public vote for who they want to evict and the last one remaining is the winner.

Every year, there is a different "Big Brother eye".


Kargil

Kargil (Ladakhi: ཀར་གིལ་; ) is a town in the Kargil District in Jammu and Kashmir in India. It is the second largest town in Ladakh after Leh. It is located 60 km and 204 km from Drass and Srinagar to the west.

Matt Baker

Clarence Matthew Baker (December 10, 1921 – August 11, 1959) was an American comic book artist. He is best known for drawing the costumed crime fighter Phantom Lady. Baker was active as early as the 1930s and 1940s Golden Age of comic books. He also penciled an early form of graphic novel, St. John Publications' digest-sized "picture novel" "It Rhymes with Lust" (1950). His specialty was good girl art, a comics and cartooning subgenre. Baker was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2009.

Zumbl

Zumbl was an online chat service. Users could chat with strangers without giving their name. The service does not work any more.

Paper Mario: Sticker Star

Paper Mario: Sticker Star is a role-playing video game for the Nintendo 3DS. It is the third sequel to "Paper Mario" for the Nintendo 64. It is the fourth game in the "Paper Mario" series and the only game for a handheld video game console. It was released on November 11, 2012 in North America, on December 6, 2012 in Japan, and on December 7, 2012 in Europe, and on December 8, 2012 in Australia.

Bowser attacks the Mushroom Kingdom during the yearly Sticker Fest holiday. His attack breaks the Sticker Comet into six pieces called the Royal Stickers. Mario has to find the six Royal Stickers to restore the Sticker Comet and bring peace to the Mushroom Kingdom.

In "Paper Mario: Sticker Star", Mario uses stickers to battle enemies. Stickers can be found in various areas throughout the Mushroom Kingdom. Mario has to pull them off to add them to his album of stickers.

The game received mixed to positive reviews by critics. User reviews on Metacritic were mixed.

Amalasuntha

Amalasuntha (c. 495 – 30 April 534/535) was a queen of the Ostrogoths, a branch of Goths, from 526 to 534. She was a Gothic princess and daughter of the Italian king, Theodoric the Great. Amalasuntha had been married to Eutharic, an unknown Gothic nobleman. She gave birth to a son named Athalaric in 518. Her husband later died, leaving Amalasuntha a widow to raise their young son.
After her son Athalaric died, she fought for the kingdom, which was very difficult, but it increased her support of the Romans. Amalasuntha was an extremely well educated woman. She studied Greek and Latin and she became a lifelong contributor of writings and arts. Theodoric (her father) supplied her with a Roman education because he had an interest in creating peaceful Roman-Gothic relations. Her husband Eutharic was assigned Theodoric's heir, which excluded Theodoric's nephew from inheritance and power.

Her husband Eutharic died in 522, and Theodoric followed in 526. As a result, Athalaric inherited the throne. Athalaric was still very young so Amalasuntha became the regent 
Her accomplishments over her years of being a regent, were applauded by many people like the historian Procopius who spoke of her bravery and knowledge. She pursued her goal of creating good connections between the Romans and the Goths, which had been torn down in the years of her father’s rule, mostly during the imprisonment of Theodoric and the killing of Boethius, a Roman political figure. She gave Boethius back his captured estates and began to look for the Roman Senate and then sent a letter to the emperor of Constantinople, asking him to forgive her and gave a Roman education to her son. All of this to get on the emperors good side.
Amalasuntha attempted to improve relations with barbarian people to make peace with the Gothic nobility. Amalasuntha improved relations with the Burgundians, but the alliance ended.

Brunhilda of Austrasia

Brunhilda (c. 534 – 613) was a Visigoth princess. Her father was King Athanagild of Spain. She married King Sigebert I of Austrasia. She ruled the eastern kingdoms of Austrasia and Burgundy in the names of her sons and grandsons. At first she was known as a fair and just ruler. She later became known for her cruelty and vengeful behavior.

Before her arrival to the Frankish kingdoms, Brunhilda was an Arian Christian, but later converted to Roman Catholicism. Brunhilda traveled to Austrasia to marry King Sigebert I. King Sigebert I's half brother, King Chilperic I married Brunhilda's sister, Galswintha. However, Galswintha was not happy, and wanted to go home and take back her dowry. King Chilperic refused, and murdered her. King Chilperic remmarried Fredegund, his first wife. Lots of tension was created between Fredegund and Brunhilda. In 575 C.E., King Sigebert was murdered by King Chilperic, and Brunhilda was exiled to Paris. Later, Brunhilda married Fredegund and Chilperic's son, Merovech. Brunhilda gained power, but Merovech and Brunhilda were split up by King Chilperic, and Brunhilda was exiled once more. In 585 C.E., King Chilperic died, believed to have been murdered by Fredegund. Fredegund started to favor Brunhilda. However, Brunhilda was caught by another of Fredegund and Chilperic’s sons, Chlotar II. She was blamed for the murder of ten kings, including her husband, children, grandchildren, Merovech, and Chilperic. She was found guilty (even though she was not) and put to death in a very gruesome way; she was tied to the back of a wild horse and dragged to her death.

Sam J. Jones

Samuel Jerald Jones (born Andrew J. Cooper III, August 12, 1954), better known as Sam J. Jones, is an American actor. He is best known for playing Flash Gordon. He appeared as himself in the movie "Ted".


Pat Finn

Patrick "Pat" Finn (born July 31, 1965) is an American actor and comedian. He has had several recurring roles in television series, such as "Murphy Brown" and "Ed". He played Santa Claus in "".

Ed Koch

Edward Irving "Ed" Koch (December 12, 1924 – February 1, 2013) was an American lawyer, politician, movie critic, and television personality. He was the 105th mayor of New York City from January 1, 1978 through December 31, 1989. He was also part of the House of Representatives. He was a judge for the television judge show "The People's Court".

Koch was born on December 12, 1924 in The Bronx, New York to Yetta (née Silpe) and Louis Koch. They were a Polish-Jewish family from New Jersey. He was raised in both The Bronx and in Newark, New Jersey. Koch studied at the City College of New York and at New York University School of Law.

Throughout his career, Koch signed many bills including one that allowed gays and lesbians to marry in New York City. Another well-known act he did in New York was that he helped try to find a cure for AIDS. He had many preventions and awareness programs. He was a Democrat. He ran for Governor of New York, but lost the election. His career began to slowly come to an end after Koch suffered a stroke in 1987. When he was a representative, he supported the Civil Right Act during the 1960s.

Koch never married and had no children. Many thought Koch was gay because of the pro-LGBT policies he supported and because he never married. This made Koch angry and told everyone he was not.

Koch went to the hospital on January 19, 2013 and left on January 26. He went back to the hospital on January 31, 2013 because he had chest pains and liquid in his lungs. The next day on the morning of February 1, 2013, Koch died in Manhattan, New York from heart failure, aged 88.

He was buried at Trinity Cemetery and Mausoleum in Manhattan, New York on February 4, 2013. Many people went to his funeral including former United States President Bill Clinton. His marker are written in the last words of Daniel Pearl. He has a Star of David somewhere in his grave. The epitaph of his grave says: ""He was fiercely proud of his Jewish faith. He fiercely defended the City of New York, and he fiercely loved its people. Above all, he loved his country, the United States of America, in whose armed forces he served in World War II"".

A practiced public speaker since his days stumping for Adlai Stevenson, Koch was well known for his quips and one liners. A few include:

(On the occasion of his primary loss to David Dinkins) "The people have spoken...and they must be punished."

"I'm the sort of person who will never get ulcers. Why? Because I say exactly what I think. I'm the sort of person who might give other people ulcers."

"If you agree with me on nine out of 12 issues, vote for me. If you agree with me on 12 out of 12 issues, see a psychiatrist."


Girl Drying Herself

Girl Drying Herself is a pastel by Edgar Degas. It is signed and dated 1885. It measures 80.1 x 51.2 cm (31 9/16 x 20 3/16 in.) It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC.

Medical transcription

Transcription means to listen to a recorded voice and to write down what it is saying. Medical transcription means to do this for doctors or other clinicians.

When doctors and nurses help someone in the hospital, they do not have time to write down what they saw or heard. So later they record what they saw and heard, so someone else can write it down. The notes are then added to the hospital's history. The person who does this as a profession is called a medical transcriptionist.

People who do medical transcription normally work in hospitals, doctor's offices, old age homes, and other places where doctors and nurses work. 

There is huge rise in outsourcing of Medical Transcription to other companies. In the United States this field of business is worth US$10 to $25 billion and growing 15 percent each year.
Because of rising costs of Medical Transcription it became recently popular to use different computer products (software) that can reduce transcription costs by as much as 50%. There is no available research about market share between in-house Transcription, outsourcing and software based.

People who do medical transcription do not need as much education as doctors, but they need to know medical words and have basic medical knowledge. They normally go to school for 1 to 2 years. They study some of the things doctors study, plus English and typing. They also learn to use computers and other things needed for medical transcription.

Some medical trainscriptionists go to school using only a computer by using the internet. These medical transcriptionists use tools like email and other things that let people work together from far away. Some people like to learn medical transcription this way more, because it lets you learn when you want to and sometimes saves money. This style of learning is not as common as learning transcription in a classroom.

To prove they have been trained properly, some medical transcriptionists get certification, which is like a badge showing that they are good at medical transcription. Most good certifications are offered by the AHDI. These are the CMT (Certified Medical Transcriptionist) and the RMT (registered Medical Transcriptionist) certifications. Once a medical transcriptionist has gone to school and gotten a certification, they are considered a good transcriptionist. 

Medical transcriptionists normally make $20,000-30,000 a year in the US, or about $10-16 an hour. The ones who make the most make around $45,000 per year, or $21 an hour. 

Willem Coymans

Willem Coymans is an oil painting on canvas by Frans Hals. It is dated 1645. It measures . It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.. The Gallery writes, "Hals was the first portraitist who consistently depicted his subjects seated sideways, with their arms hooked casually over the backs of their chairs. Coymans, an elegant dandy proud of his expensive clothes, wears an embroidered jacket and sports a pom–pom on his hat, which is pushed forward rakishly. Hals' dazzling brushwork is especially evident in the gold embroidery and the crisply pleated shirt–sleeve."

Bernard Horsfall

Bernard Arthur Gordon Horsfall (20 November 1930 – 28 January 2013) was an English actor. He is known for his roles in "Gandhi" and in "Braveheart". He is also known for his guest-star roles in "Doctor Who". 

Horsfall was born on 20 November 1930 in Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire, England. He studied at Rugby School and at Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. He was married to Jane Jordan Rogers until his death in 2013. Horsfall died on 29 January 2013 in his home in Isle Of Skye, Scotland. He was 82 years old.

Girl with a Red Hat

Girl with a Red Hat is an oil painting by Johannes Vermeer. It is dated from about 1665 to 1666. It is painted on panel rather than on canvas. It is one of Vermeer's smallest pictures. It measures 22.8 x 18 cm (9 x 7 1/16 in.) It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC. 

The Gallery writes, "[The] subject has turned in her chair and interacts with the viewer through her direct gaze. The effect is unusual spontaneity and informality. The artist’s exquisite use of color is the painting’s most striking characteristic, for both its compositional and its psychological impact. Vermeer concentrated the two major colors in two distinct areas: a vibrant red for the hat and a sumptuous blue for the robe; he then used the intensity of the white cravat to unify the whole."

Lady Holding a Balance

Lady Holding a Balance (sometimes "Lady Testing a Balance") is an oil painting by Johannes Vermeer. It was painted around 1664. It measures 39.7 x 35.5 cm (15 5/8 x 14 in.) It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC. The Gallery writes, "Woman Holding a Balance is an allegorical scene that urges us to conduct our lives with temperance and moderation. The painting within the painting offers an important clue in that Christ's Last Judgment is echoed by the woman's own actions. Before her are earthly treasures; behind her is the symbol of the eternal consequences of her actions here on earth. In waiting for the balance to rest at equilibrium she acknowledges the importance of judgment in weighing her own actions in anticipation of the life to come."

Deep diving

In deep diving, divers use a breathing apparatus (a supply of air carried on their backs). Or they may be supplied with breathing gas through a hose from above the water. This allows them to dive to some of the deeper parts of the ocean. Commercial divers may use different gas mixtures (Helium-Oxygen for example). They may also use armoured diving suits pressurized to one atmosphere. A deep dive is considered anything below a depth of about . This is still not very deep compared with the deepest parts of the ocean. Divers sometimes stay underwater for long periods of time. Sometimes they do work on oil wells and pipelines. Sometimes they explore sunken ships to see if they can retrieve items from the ship or help to bring the ship up to the surface. 

One of the dangers of deep diving is decompression sickness. That can happen if divers rise to the surface of the ocean too quickly. For that reason recreational divers need to be certified to show they have training to dive to a specified depth range.


Charlottesville Albemarle Airport

Charlottesville Albemarle Airport is a public airport 8 miles (12 km) north of Charlottesville, in Albemarle County, Virginia, USA. It has had airline flights since 1955. The airport serves the Charlottesville/Albemarle region and surrounding counties. It has 46 daily non-stop flights to six cities. Four airlines use the airport. The runway will be made 800 feet longer by the end of 2013.

The airport has a terminal. There are rental cars, ground transport, and food and gifts from "The Market" Gourmet Deli & Gift Shop. General aviation planes and pilots use the fixed base operator, Landmark Aviation. Landmark Aviation has flight schools and can fix planes or fill them with fuel. Planes can also be rented or chartered. The UVA Hospital's "Pegasus" service can carry sick people to bigger hospitals.


Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon

Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon, known as Luigi's Mansion 2 in Europe, is a video game for the Nintendo 3DS console. It is the sequel to "Luigi's Mansion" for the Nintendo GameCube. It was released on March 20, 2013 in Japan and on March 24, 2013 in North America.

When the Dark Moon shatters, the ghosts in the Evershade Valley become evil. Professor E. Gadd has Luigi find the scattered pieces of the Dark Moon to turn the ghosts friendly again.

"Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon" features multiple mansions for Luigi to explore. Six mansions are available. It uses the console's tilt, or gyro, sensors.

Ice climbing

Ice climbing is a type of mountaineering activity where people climb on ice formations. They might climb on frozen waterfalls or large rocks covered with ice. Ice climbers use special equipment like ice axes, ropes and crampons to climb ice and glaciers.

Ice climbing competitions started in Russia and have been held each winter since 1970.

Dangers to climbers include:


Cave diving

Cave diving is scuba diving which is done in underwater caves. Cave divers dive for adventure but also to find fossils and gather data (dirt samples, water temperature, etc.) that helps scientists better understand the earth and the environment.

Cave diving is more dangerous than diving in open water:


Freediving

Freediving is diving underwater (usually in the ocean) without using a breathing apparatus (air carried in tanks on their backs or supplied through a hose). Free divers practice holding their breath for long periods of time so that they can stay underwater longer.

Usually free divers stay underwater for about 45 seconds. That allows them to explore about 30 feet underwater. Some freedivers can dive to over 100 metres (300 feet), and hold their breath for four minutes or longer.

In Greek, “Apnea” means “Without air” and free-diving is called “Apnea”. Free-diving is similar to snorkeling, but divers need to hold their breath if they go in deep water. Free-diving doesn't need tools for breathing. Free-divers hold their breath until going up to the surface of the sea instead of using an air tank. Therefore, the most important part of free-diving is learning to breathe well. Most people can free-dive since it doesn’t need a snorkel or scuba tank. However, free-divers condition their mind and body before going free-diving.

Pile of shells around dwellings of the Stone Age prove that people caught food under the water. Free-diving started by getting food or trading items, but it has developed as leisure, with divers taking photos today. Today, free-diving is widely practiced as a leisure sport like snorkeling and spearfishing. Anyone can go to the sea and see all kinds of sea animals. Also, free-divers can feel peaceful in the water. Free-diving has grown in the past 10 years by many people want to be with nature.

Learning to breathe is the most important part of free-diving practice. The way of staying in the water longer is to practice breathing slow and deep. Divers breathe in for 5 seconds and breathe out for 10-15 seconds. To avoid over-breathing, they breathe out for a long time more than breathing in. Free-divers practice how to breath in the water, and they can start free-diving when they have a pulse under 80/bpm.

Free diving to great depth is especially dangerous, but any diver who is not well trained can panic, or otherwise fail to return to the surface before they use up the oxygen in their body. They can lose consciousness from anoxia and drown. Professional free-divers can go in the water over 400 feet without any tools for breathing. But some free-divers die. On November. 17, 2013, Nick Mevoli blacked out after trying free-diving at a Bahamas competition. He never woke up again.

Unlike scuba-diving, free-diving needs several basic tools for seeing, breathing, and moving well in the water. Free diving equipment includes a mask, snorkel, fins, wetsuit and weightbelt. Free-diving tools help free-divers to experience more in the water.

Free-divers choose a lightweight mask to fit their faces to swim comfortably in the water. 
Another important tool is a snorkel which helps free-divers breathe when swimming close to the surface of the water. It is good to choose a flexible snorkel to avoid biting too hard and to focus on relaxing.

In addition, free-divers need a good fin for swimming better with small effort. Fins help free-divers to reduce using their energy and the heart rate. It helps to travel farther too. 


Charlotte Rae

Charlotte Rae (born Charlotte Rae Lubotsky; April 22, 1926 – August 5, 2018) was an American actress, comedian, singer, and dancer who was known for her role as Edna Garrett in "Diff'rent Strokes" and in "The Facts of Life". She was nominated for an Emmy Award for Best Actress in a Comedy in 1982.

Rae was born on April 22, 1926 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin to Jewish-Russian parents. She was raised in Milwaukee and in Shorewood, Wisconsin. Rae studied at Shorewood High School and at Northwestern University. She was married to John Strauss from 1951 until they divorced. They had two children.

In April 2017, Rae was diagnosed with bone cancer. She died in Los Angeles, California on August 5, 2018 from the disease, aged 92.


Nedra Volz

Nedra Volz (Nedra Gordonier, June 18, 1908 – January 20, 2003) was an American actress and comedian. She is known for her role as Housekeeper Adelaide Brubaker in "Diff'rent Strokes".

Volz was born on June 18, 1908 in Montrose, Iowa. She was raised in Des Moines, Iowa. Volz was married to Oren Volz from 1944 until his death in 1987. They had three children. 

Volz died on January 30, 2003 in her home in Mesa, Arizona from Alzheimer's disease, aged 94.


Parasailing

Parasailing is a sport. Parasailers are put into a harness that is attached to a parachute. They hold on to a rope and are towed at high speeds behind a vehicle (usually a boat, but sometimes a truck on land). The parachute helps them rise up into the air behind the vehicle. People parasail for the thrill and also to get a good, high view of the scenery around them.

Parasailing is a popular recreational activity that was developed in the 1960s.

Dangers include falling too fast while in the air with injuries upon landing.

The Milk Maid

The Milk Maid is an oil painting by Johannes Vermeer. It was painted about 1660. It measures 45.5 cm (17.9 in) x 41 cm (16.1 in). It hangs in the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam.

Zbrasov aragonite caves

The Zbrašov aragonite caves are in the Přerov district of the Czech Republic. It is a protected area of national importance. The caves were created by both surface water and underground spring water. The protected area includes the caves as well as the surrounding forests. The natural underground springs of warm mineral water are rich in carbon dioxide. They are used for spas in the nearby willage and spa resort of Teplice nad Bečvou.

The caves are filled with aragonite and stalagmites which look like geysers. Other formations look like doughnuts. The bottom levels of the cave are filled with carbon dioxide. The temperature stays at 14°C all year, and the caves are the warmest underground places in the Czech Republic. The caves were discovered in 1912 and opened for the public in 1926. 

The Zbrašov aragonite caves are on the bank of the Bečva River. It is at an altitude of 250–310 meters above sea level. It is part of large karst area which includes also Hranická gap. This is the deepest hole in the Czech Republic. It is across the river Bečva under the National Nature Reserve at Hůrka.

Many of the buildings in the area threaten the karst system. Work is in progress to connect them to a sewerage system and remove all the septic tanks and cess pools.

In December 1912, workers at a local quarry uncovered a crack in the rocks. There was warm air coming out of the cracks. Brothers, Josef and Chrome Čeněk, were interested in the karst formations in the area. They made the opening bigger, and in January 1913, climbed down a rope 42m into the dark underground space. The rope broke and both men were trapped in the cave. Their lamp was also broken in the fall, so they had to wait eight hours in the dark to be rescued. Over the next few years many other parts of the 1,322m cave system were explored.

A new entrance into the cave was dug from the Bečva valley. Electric lighting was installed in the cave and in 1926 it was open to the public. In 2002–2005 the caves were renovated. The paths and wiring were renewed. A huge amount of rock was removed. This rock debris had filled some natural cavities and hallways. It had been created at the time of original works and for economic reasons had not been carried out of the caves. During this renovation some parts of the system returned to their original form.

The geology of the area is made up of large blocks of rock. Valleys are short and form along the fault lines between these blocks. There is a layer of Devonian limestone more than 500m thick. This is covered with a younger layer Miocene sediments.

The caves developed from two completely different karst processes. The first was corrosion of surface and water that entered into the cracks in the limestone and created large underground spaces. The second was warm mineral water coming up from depths of up to 2 km. The aragonite and calcite in the cave is formed mainly by calcium carbonate. This can crystallize in three ways. The first is the mineral calcite, which is the most common and consists of cave fillings, such as stalactites, stalagmites, sinter deposits and valances. There are geyser stalagmites that are conical in shape and are a few feet high. These are not found anywhere else in the world. The second type of calcium carbonite is aragonite. This forms white needle-like crystals. Water and carbon dioxide are released. Vaterite, the third and rare form of calcium carbonate is not present.

The area is drained by the river Bečvou, which flows into the River Morava. With heavy rain the river can flood. The most devastating floods in Moravia were 5–16 July 1997. The flood water got into the cave, including the Marble Hall. At the same time the levels of mineral pools was raised and carbon dioxide gas reached the higher level caves. The gas in the visitor area was solved by installing a special suction device that keeps the composition of the air in the values ​​set by the State Mining Administration (up to 1% CO2). The floods also damaged much of the technical equipment, but did not damage the cave's natural features.

Mineral water features in the spas in the two springs and spring Kropáč. There is the RI borehole which is 60.40 meters deep and RIII borehole which is 101.8 meters. The water is heavily mineralized and lukewarm with an average temperature of 22.5°C. The mineral water used for spa treatments including rehabilitative care in oncology diseases, circulatory system diseases, disorders of metabolism and endocrine glands. 

Any Good To You

Any Good To You often shortened to AGTY, is website based in the UK that aims to reduce the amount of things going into landfill by helping people to give away items they no longer need but which are too good to throw away. It has similar goals to Freecycle and Freegle.


Tecophilaeaceae

Tecophilaeaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Asparagales. It includes 8 genera and about 25 species.
These are mainly Southern Hemisphere genera although there is one genus with one species from North America. The rootstock is a corm and the flowers are solitary or arranged on a simple or branched raceme. Flowers are yellow, white, violet, or blue and have six tepals and six stamens and a half-inferior three chambered ovary. The fruit is a capsule and the seeds are black, ovoid and often wrinkled. 


Barney (dog)

Barney (Bernard, September 30, 2000 – February 1, 2013) was the pet of George W. Bush and for Laura Bush. He was a Scottish Terrier. He had a nickname "The First Dog". On Christmas Days, he recorded all the activities held on the White House, which was called "Barney Cam". He was born in New Jersey on September 30, 2000. Barney died on February 1, 2013 from lymphoma in Texas.


Carina (constellation)

Carina is a constellation in the southern sky, only visible from the southern hemisphere. It means the keel of a ship in Latin. Before, it was part of the constellation named Argo Navis. Then, Argo Navis was split into three constellations. The astronomer named Ptolemy listed Argo Navis when he made a list of 48 constellations. Carina is one of the 0 modern constellations that were made by the International Astronomical Union.

The star named Canopus is in Carina. Canopus is the second brightest star in the night sky. The Carina Nebula is also in Carina. It is very large emission nebula. It is a region where stars form. Carina also contains the hypergiant stars Eta Carinae and AG Carinae (blue) and V382 Carinae (yellow).

Nick Cannon

Nicholas Scott "Nick" Cannon (born October 8, 1980) is an American actor, comedian, rapper and radio/television personality. He is known for his roles in "Drumline", "Love Don't Cost a Thing", and "Roll Bounce". He also hosted his own show "The Nick Cannon Show". He also hosted "America's Got Talent", "Lip Sync Battle Shorties," and "The Masked Singer".

Cannon was born on October 8, 1980 in San Diego, California. He was raised in San Diego, California and in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Cannon has been married once and has had eight children with five women.

Cannon married Mariah Carey in April 30, 2008. On their third wedding anniversary, Carey gave birth to the couple's twins, a boy named Moroccan Scott and a girl, named Monroe. Cannon has lupus nephritis which can cause kidney problems. He divorced Carey in 2014 and then finalized two years later.

Cannon has two children with model Brittany Bell. In June 2021, his twin sons, Zion and Zillion, were born to DJ Abby De La Rosa. Later that month, his seventh child, a son named Zen, with model Alyssa Scott, was born. Zen died of brain cancer at five months old. In January 2022, Cannon announced he is expecting a boy with model Bre Tiesi. Cannon is reportedly expecting his ninth child with De La Rosa.


Portrait of Juan Pareja

Portrait of Juan Pareja is an oil painting by Diego Velázquez. It dates to 1650. It measures 81.3 × 69.9 cm (32 × 27.5 in). It hangs in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. Pareja was Velázquez’s slave. He served as an assistant in his workshop. The picture was painted in Rome. It was displayed publicly at the Pantheon in March 1650. The picture gained widespread admiration. Pareja became a painter in his own right. He was freed by Velázquez in 1654.

The Cup of Tea

The Cup of Tea is an oil painting on canvas by Mary Cassatt. It was painted about 1880. It measures 36 3/8 x 25 3/4 in. (92.4 x 65.4 cm). The picture hangs in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The artist made the tea ritual the subject of a series of works painted around 1880-81. The model was her sister, Lydia, who often posed for her. Cassatt showed the painting to critical acclaim in the 1881 Impressionist exhibition.

Mrs. Hugh Hammersley

Mrs. Hugh Hammersley is an oil painting by John Singer Sargent. It was painted in 1892. It measures 81 x 45 1/2 in. (205.7 x 115.6 cm). The picture is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.

The Heart of the Andes

Heart of the Andes is an oil painting by Frederic Edwin Church. It was painted in 1859. It measures 66 1/8 x 119 1/4in. (168 x 302.9cm). It hangs in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.

Swimming Hole

The Swimming Hole (sometimes The Swimmers) is an oil painting by Thomas Eakins. It dates to 1885. It measures 27.625 × 36.625 in (70.2 × 93 cm). It hangs in the Amon Carter Museum of American Art.

Portrait of Douglass Morgan Hall

Portrait of Douglass Morgan Hall is an oil painting by Thomas Eakins. It was painted in 1889. It measures 61 × 50.8 cm (24 × 20 in). It hangs in the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Douglass Morgan Hall, the son of a Philadelphia ophthalmologist, studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts in 1885–86. After Eakins's forced resignation from the Academy, Hall enrolled as one of his students at the Philadelphia Art Students League in 1887, remaining there until 1890.

Arcadia (painting)

Arcadia is an oil painting by Thomas Eakins. It was painted about 1883. It measures 38 5/8 x 45 in. (98.1 x 114.3 cm). It hangs in the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York City.

The Wrestlers

The Wrestlers is an oil painting by Thomas Eakins. It dates to 1899. It measures 48 3/8" x 60" in.

Both Members of This Club

Both Members of This Club is an oil painting by George Bellows. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC. It dates to 1909 and measures 115 x 160.5 cm (45 1/4 x 63 3/16 in.) 

"Both Members of This Club" was inspired by the fights Bellows attended at Tom Sharkey's Athletic Club in New York. At the time, public boxing matches were illegal in the city. Organizations like Sharkey's made fighters temporary members of the "club" on the night of the event. This allowed the men to fight and not break the law."

Breezing Up

Breezing Up (A Fair Wind) is an oil painting by Winslow Homer. It dates to 1873-1876. It measures 61.5 x 97 cm (24 3/16 x 38 3/16 in.) The picture hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC.

Sharpening the Sycthe

Sharpening the Scythe is an oil painting by Eastman Johnson. It dates back to 1865. It measures 39.2 × 33 cm (15.4 × 13 in). The picture hangs in the Brooklyn Museum.

Kommando Spezialkräfte

The KSK Kommando Spezialkräfte "(Special Forces Command, KSK)" is an elite military unit of Germany. Its soldiers are handpicked from each of the ranks of Germany’s army, the Bundeswehr. The KSK is organised as such under the "Division Spezielle Operationen" (Special Operations Division, DSO). KSK operators are performing joint anti-terror operations, mostly in the Balkans and Middle East.


End of the Day

End of the Day is an oil painting by Frederic Remington. It dates to 1904. The picture hangs in the Frederic Remington Art Museum, Ogdensburg, New York.

The Power of Four

"The Power of Four" is a joint anthem for the British and Irish Lions, a rugby union team. It was created by Neil Myers.

From the four corners of our lands<br>
We're united, hand in hand<br>
Together<br>
We're stronger<br>
We join and proud we stand <br>
Now the day has come, we are one<br>
Standing tall for our Lions' call<br>
We're stronger<br>
Together<br>
We are the power of four.

Boeing 737 Classic

The Boeing 737 Classic is a family of Boeing 737s. The Boeing 737 Classic series is made up of the Boeing 737-300, -400 and -500. These planes were not called the 737 Classics until the Boeing 737 Next Generation family was made. Before the 737 Next Generation family, the 737 Classics were called the 'new generation'. The 737 Classics were made from 1984 to 2000. 1,988 aircraft were made. You can identify a 737 classic by the smaller windows on top of the main windshield

After the Boeing 737-200 Advanced was made, Boeing wanted to make the 737 carry more passengers and fly further. Boeing began designing the 737 Classics in 1979. In 1980, information about the 737 Classic series was given at the Farnborough Airshow.

The 737 Classics had CFM56 turbofan engines. These engines were a very big improvement. They burned less fuel and made less noise. However, when the 737 is on the ground, the bottom of the plane is quite close to the ground. This meant that if the engines were not changed, they would be too close to the ground. Boeing and CFMI solved this by putting the engine in front of the wing, instead of below it. They also moved some parts of the engine to the side of the engine, instead of the bottom. These changes mean that the front of the 737 engines are not circles.

The wing had many changes made to it. The tip of the wing was made longer by . The flaps were also changed. The cockpit was made more modern and the passenger cabin had improvements made. The improvements were similar to improvements made to the Boeing 757.

The prototype of the 737-300 was finished on January 17, 1984. It made its first flight on 24 February 1984. The plane became allowed to fly on November 14, 1984. USAir got the first 737-300 on 28 November. The plane was very popular. Boeing got 252 orders for it in 1985. It got over 1000 in total. The 737-300 series was made until 1999. The last plane was delivered to Air New Zealand on 17 December 1999.

In December 2008, Southwest Airlines asked Boeing to fit the 737-300 with new technology to make it more similar to the 737-700.

The 737-400 was made to fill the gap in between the 737-300 and the 757-200. Its main rivals were the Airbus A320 and McDonnell Douglas MD-80. It was 10 ft (3.45 m) longer than the 737-300. It could carry 168 passengers. It had a bumper on the tail so that it would not touch the ground while it was taking off. The prototype was finished on January 26, 1988. It flew for the first time on 19 February 1988.

The 737-400 went into service on September 15, 1988. The first airline to use it was Piedmont Airlines.

The 737-400F was a type of 737-400 designed to carry cargo. It was not made by Boeing, though. Airlines turned 737-400s into cargo aircraft by themselves. Alaska Airlines was the first to change one of their 737-400s to a 737-400F. It could carry 10 pallets. Alaska Airlines also changed five more 737-400s to carry half passengers and half cargo. These 737-400 aircraft are now being used. The 737-400 has been replaced by the 737-800.

The 737-500 was supposed to be a replacement for the 737-200. It was only made because customers wanted it. The -500 is 1 ft 7 in (47 cm) longer than the 737-200. It can carry up to 132 passengers. Both modern and older cockpits could be installed on the 737-500. Using the CFM56-3 engine burned a lot less fuel than the engines used on the 737-200s.
The first airline to order the 737-500 was Southwest Airlines. The -500 flew for the first time on 30 June 1989. A prototype had to fly for 375 hours so that the 737-500 could be allowed to fly. On February 28, 1990, Southwest got the first plane. The 737-500 has been replaced with the 737-600.

Boeing stopped making the 737 Classic in 2000. 1,651 Boeing 737 Classic aircraft are in service. This includes 879 -300s, 419 -400s, and 353 -500s. This information is correct as of July 2010.

Many countries use the 737 Classic as a military plane. Some of these are:


The Boeing 737 Classic has had 26 hull-loss accidents. There has been 1,040 deaths as of January 2010. 

On February 1, 1991, a US Air 737-300 under flight 1493 was landing at LAX when it collided with a SkyWest Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner. The SkyWest flight was told to taxi through a runway that the US Air flight was landing on. Upon landing the US Air flight crashed into the SkyWest flight. Everyone on board the SkyWest flight died. In total 35 people died and 66 people survived with 23 people obtaining injuries .

Sources: Boeing



Amanda Blake

Amanda Blake (February 20, 1929-August 16, 1989) was an American actress who acted primarily on television programs. She starred as Kitty Russell in the TV series "Gunsmoke". Prior to that, Blake was a telephone company operator. Blake died due to complications of AIDS. She was born near Buffalo, New York.

TV5 Network

TV5 Network, Inc. commonly known as TV5, is a Philippine media company based in Mandaluyong, with its alternate studios located in Novaliches, Quezon City. It is primarily involved in radio and television broadcasting, with subsidiaries and affiliates dealing in various media related businesses. TV5 is owned by MediaQuest Holdings, an investee company of Philippine telecommunications giant PLDT, through its Beneficial Trust Fund, and headed by business tycoon Manuel V. Pangilinan.

Among its assets owns and operates three broadcast television networks (TV5, One Sports and RPTV), the national radio station (92.3 Radyo5 TRUE FM), and the regional radio network (Radyo5). It also operates three international television channels (Kapatid Channel, One Sports Global and RPTV Global) along with subsidiaries digital terrestrial television providers (Sulit TV) an exclusive sales and marketing agent (Media5) as well as digital and online portals technology (D5 Studio; TV5.com.ph, News5 Digital, and GG Network).



Mario Kart Arcade GP

Mario Kart Arcade GP is a racing video game released in arcades in 2005. It was developed by Namco and published by Nintendo. It is the first "Mario Kart" game to be released in arcades. A sequel, "Mario Kart Arcade GP 2", was released in 2008.

In "Mario Kart Arcade GP", players can play as characters from both the "Mario" series and the "Pac-Man" series. There are six stages with four courses each. After completing a stage, the player must put in a coin to continue playing. When the player completes all six stages, a "challenge game" comes up. In the "challenge game," the player has to complete a task under a time limit.

Jack Hobbs

Jack Hobbs (Sir John Berry Hobbs, 16 December 1882 – 21 December 1963) was an English professional cricketer.

Hobbs played for Surrey from 1905 to 1934 and for England in 61 Test matches between 1908 and 1930. Known as "The Master", Hobbs is regarded by critics as one of the greatest batsmen in the history of cricket. He is the leading run-scorer and century-maker in first-class cricket, with 61,760 runs and 199 centuries. A right-handed batsman and an occasional right-arm medium pace bowler, Hobbs also excelled as a fielder, particularly in the position of cover point.

Born into poverty in 1882, Hobbs wished to pursue a career in cricket from an early age. His early batting was undistinguished but a sudden improvement in 1901 brought him to the attention of local teams. Following the death of his father, he successfully applied to join Surrey, with the support of England batsman Tom Hayward. His reputation grew and when he qualified to play for Surrey, he scored 88 on his first-class debut and a century in his next game.

By 1907–08 Hobbs was playing Test cricket for England. He scored 83 in his first Test, and his international career continued until 1930. After some mixed Test performances, Hobbs' success against South African googly bowlers meant that his place was secure, and in 1911–12, he scored three centuries in the series against Australia. Afterwards, he was regarded as the best batsman in the world until the mid-1920s.

In county cricket, Hobbs developed an attractive, attacking style of play where he scored quickly, and he was very successful in the years approaching the First World War. After the war, Hobbs was again successful against Australia, but his career was threatened by appendicitis which caused him to miss most of the 1921 season. When he returned, he was more cautious as a batsmen and concentrated on safer, more defensive play. Yet he continued to be successful in Test and domestic cricket. He retired from Tests in 1930 but continued to play for Surrey until 1934.

Hobbs had a batting technique which critics regarded as ideal. His success was based on fast footwork, an ability to play many different shots, and excellent placement of the ball. His technical ability allowed him to prosper at a relatively late age for a cricketer. He was particularly successful on difficult pitches for batting.

An opening batsman, Hobbs established several effective opening partnerships; with Tom Hayward and Andy Sandham for Surrey, and with Wilfred Rhodes and Herbert Sutcliffe for England. His partnership with Sutcliffe was the most effective in Test history. Contemporaries rated Hobbs extremely highly, and critics continue to list him among the best batsmen of all time.

In 1953, Hobbs was knighted, the first professional cricketer to be so honoured. Hobbs was reluctant to accept and only did so when convinced that it was an honour to all professional cricketers, not just himself.



Kirby's Return to Dream Land

Kirby's Return to Dream Land is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Wii console. It was released in North America on October 24, 2011, in Japan on October 27, 2011, in Europe on November 25, 2011, and in Australia on December 1, 2011. On September 13, 2022, a remake titled Kirby's Return to Dream Land Deluxe was released for the Nintendo Switch on February 23, 2023.

An alien named Magolor crashes his spaceship on Pop Star. The crash throws five important pieces of his spaceship onto the planet. Kirby must find the five missing pieces of his spaceship to fix it and allow him to go back to his home planet. After, they must kill a dragon named Landia. Magolor then attacks them, and must be killed. In "Kirby's Return to Dream Land Deluxe", there is a new mode where you play as Magolor in a different world and must get back your magic powers.

"Kirby's Return to Dream Land" introduces two new elements to the series. Kirby can use a "Super Inhale," where he can inhale large enemies or multiple small ones. Kirby can also use "Super Abilities," which are stronger versions of Kirby's normal abilities. These abilities allow Kirby to destroy multiple enemies at once. It also allows Kirby to destroy parts of the environment.

Moustapha Akkad

Moustapha Akkad (July 1, 1930 – November 11, 2005) was a Syrian-American movie producer and director who was known for producing all the "Halloween" movies until his death in 2005. He did not produce the first two Rob Zombie remakes. "Halloween 9" was cancelled because of his death.

Akkad was born on July 1, 1930 in Aleppo, Syria. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Akkad studied at Aleppo American College, at the University of California, Los Angeles and at the University of Southern California. He was married to Patricia Akkad until they divorced. Then he was to married Sasha Ascha until his death in 2005. He has two children with Patricia and one with Sasha.

Akkad and his daughter, Rima were both killed by a large explosion in the lobby of the hotel. They were in Amman, Jordan. Akkad and his daughter were in the lobby when it happened and his daughter died instantly. Akkad died two days after because of his injuries, aged 75.


The Mill

The Mill is an oil painting by Rembrandt van Rijn. It measures 87.6 cm (34.5 in) x 105.6 cm (41.6 in). It dates from between 1645 and 1648. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC. The Gallery writes, "..."[The Mill]" speaks to us as a powerfully expressive work. Rembrandt evokes a feeling of the forces of nature in the dramatic confrontation of the iconic mill, so central to the Dutch way of life, against the sweep of the sky. At the same time, the figures within the landscape give it a human element that we can respond to on a personal basis."

Ned Wertimer

Ned Wertimer (October 27, 1923 – January 2, 2013) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Ralph Hart in the television sitcom "The Jeffersons".

Wertimer was born on October 27, 1923 in Buffalo, New York. He studied at University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School. He was married to Skyne Uku from the 1960s until his death in 2013. In November 2012, Wertimer fell in his home in Burbank, California. He died in the hospital in Los Angeles, California from his injuries in January 2, 2013, aged 89.


The Nightwatch

The Nightwatch ("The Company of Frans Banning Cocq and Willem van Ruytenburch, known as the Night Watch") is an oil painting by Rembrandt. It was painted in 1642. It measures 379.5 cm x 453.5 cm (149.4 in x 178.5 in). It hangs in the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam. 

Self Portrait (Van Gogh)

"A self-drawn (or self-taken) picture of an artist is also called self portrait"

Self Portrait is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh. It measures 57.2 x 43.8 cm (22 1/2 x 17 1/4 in.) It was painted in 1889. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC. It is one of Van Gogh's last self-portraits.

Argon plasma coagulation

Argon plasma coagulation (APC) is the medical procedure to stop bleeding from an active bleeding site of the gastrointestinal tract. It is done with the help of endoscopy technique.

Van Gogh's Bedroom in Arles

Van Gogh's Bedroom in Arles is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh. It was painted in October 1888. It measures 72 × 90 cm (28.3 × 35.4 in). It hangs in the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam. Van Gogh completed three paintings on the subject.

Cafe Terrace at Night

Cafe Terrace at Night is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh. It was painted in 1888. It measures 81 × 64.5 cm (31.9 × 25.4 in). It hangs in the Kröller-Müller Museum.

Wheatfield with Crows

Wheatfield with Crows is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh. It was finished about 10 July 1890. In 1890, Van Gogh wrote that he had made three paintings in Auvers-sur-Oise of large fields of wheat under troubled skies. "Wheat Field with Crows" was one of them. This painting in particular is often thought to reflect his state of mind towards the end of his life.

Irises (painting)

Irises is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh. It was painted in 1889. It measures 28 × 36.625 in (71.1 × 93 cm). It hangs in the Getty Center.
He painted this when he was 36 years old.

The Storm on the Sea of Galilee

The Storm on the Sea of Galilee is an oil painting by Rembrandt van Rijn. It measures 160 × 128 cm (63 × 50.4 in). It was painted in 1633. It was in the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, Boston. It was stolen in 1990, and it is still not found.

Toilette of Venus

Toilette of Venus (also Rokeby Venus, Venus at Her Mirror, Cupid and Venus, etc.) is an oil painting by Diego Velázquez. It was painted between 1647 and 1651. It measures . It hangs in the National Gallery, London.

Laocoön (El Greco)

Laocoön is an oil painting by El Greco. It dates from between 1604 and 1614. It measures 142 × 193 cm (55.9 × 76 in). It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC. Laocoön is a mythical character taken from the "Aeneid", a Latin epic poem by Virgil. In the legend, Laocoön was a Trojan priest who warned the Trojans not to bring the Wooden Horse into the city of Troy. This angered the gods protecting the Greeks. They caused serpents to rise from the sea to strangle the priest and his two sons. Laocoön and his sons are seen left and center in the painting. The figures to the right may be the Greek gods. The Wooden Horse is seen in the middle distance center. The city in the far distance is Toledo, Spain. El Greco was Greek by birth. He completely ignored the history and mythology of Greece in his work, except for this one painting. This picture is the only classical theme he ever painted.

Red Boats at Argenteuil

Red Boats at Argenteuil is a painting by artist Claude Monet. It was painted in 1875. 

Argenteuil is a town northwest of Paris, France. Claude Monet painted different locations and objects in Argenteuil many times.

The painting belongs to a museum in Paris, the Musée de l'Orangerie in France..

Portrait of Fray Hortensio Felix Paravicino

Portrait of Fray Hortensio Felix Paravicino is an oil painting by El Greco. It was painted in 1609. It measures 112.1 × 86.1 cm (44.1 × 33.9 in). It hangs in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.

South Africa national cricket team

The South African national cricket team, nicknamed the Proteas, represent South Africa in international cricket. They are administrated by Cricket South Africa.

South Africa is a full member of the International Cricket Council, also known as ICC, with Test and One Day International, or ODI, status. As of 24 March 2014, the South African team has played 384 Test matches, winning 140 (36%), losing 129 (34%) and drawing 114 (30%) of its games.

As of 24 March 2014, the South African team has played 498 ODI Matches, winning 307 (61.5%), losing 172 (34.5%), drawing 6 (1.2%) and getting a "No Result" in 13 (2.6%) of its games.

On 28 August 2012 South Africa became the first team to be number 1 in all 3 formats of the game.

Scotland national cricket team

The Scotland national cricket team is Scotland's team in the game of cricket. They compete in the "Clydesdale Bank 40" as the Scottish Saltires. The Scottish Saltires play their home matches at The Grange, Edinburgh.

They were invited as member of the International Cricket Council in 1994. The team were unable to qualify for the World Cup in 2003.

In 2004 the Scotland cricket team played in the first "ICC Intercontinental Cup". They played against Ireland and the Netherlands to progress to the semi-finals in Sharjah. They won against Kenya in the semi-finals, and then won the Cup by beating Canada in the final. They also competed in that tournament in 2005, but failed to get past the first round.

Scotland played their first One Day International matches outside of World Cups against Pakistan in June 2006, with the European Championship matches against Ireland and the Netherlands during August.

Gordon Drummond has captained the side since 2010, and their coach is Peter Steindl from Australia.

Greg Cipes

Gregory Michael "Greg" Cipes (born January 4, 1980) is an American actor, voice artist and singer. He has performed in many movies (including "The Wild" as the voice of Ryan). He has performed in television programs, such as "Teen Titans" as Beast Boy. He was born in Coral Springs, Florida.

Moondyne Cave

Moondyne Cave is a cave in the southwest of Western Australia. It was discovered by Moondyne Joe in 1881. The cave is eight km north of Augusta. It was open for public tours from 1911 to 1959. In 1992 it was reopened for small groups.

Kirby Mass Attack

Kirby Mass Attack is a puzzle platformer game for the Nintendo DS console and is the fourth and last "Kirby" game for the DS. It was made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo. It was released on August 4, 2011 in Japan, on September 19, 2011 in North America, on October 27, 2011 in Australia, and on October 28, 2011 in Europe.

One day, Kirby goes for an adventure at the Popopo Islands in Pop Star. When Kirby falls asleep, an evil being named Necrodeus splits Kirby into 10 Kirbys. He then defeats all, but one of the Kirbys. When Kirby wakes up, he notices a star in the sky. The star tells him to follow it so they can defeat Necrodeus. With that, Kirby begins his adventure to defeat Necrodeus and bring himself back together.

In "Kirby Mass Attack", the player takes control of up to 10 Kirbys. The player uses these Kirbys to defeat enemies and solve puzzles. This is done with the console's touch screen. The player taps obstacles or enemies to send multiple Kirbys towards them. The player can swipe the touch screen to use the Kirbys as projectile weapons. To get Kirbys, the player has to collect fruit seen in levels. Each level requires a certain number of Kirbys to enter. In some levels, there are puzzles where you need all 10 Kirbys to solve them.

Fatata Te Miti

Fatata Te Miti (En: By the Sea) is an oil painting by Paul Gauguin. It is dated 1892. It measures 26 3/4 x 36 in. It hangs in the National Gallery of Art, Washington DC. The picture was painted a few months after Gauguin's first arrival in Tahiti. He retreated to the island's interior to live among the natives. Tehura, Gauguin's vahine, probably posed for the female on the right. John Walker writes, "In all his canvases painted in the South Seas, Complementary colorsorange and blue, yellow and violet, green and redat their highest intensities and without modulation of values, are balanced harmoniously against each other, forming beautiful, almost abstract patterns.

The Shrimp Girl

The Shrimp Girl is an oil painting by William Hogarth. It was painted between 1740 and 1745. It measures 63.5 x 52.5 cm. It hangs in the National Gallery, London. The brush work is almost Impressionistic in style. It compares to that of French painter Jean-Honoré Fragonard. Its subject matter resembles the prints of hawkers and traders popular in Hogarth's day.

The painting depicts a woman selling shellfish on the streets of London. This job was typically one for the wives and daughters of fishmongers. The girl balances a large basket of shrimps and mussels on her head. A half-pint pewter pot in the basket is the girl's measuring cup.

The picture is not strictly finished. It was still in Hogarth's estate after his death. His widow Jane was said to have told visitors, "They say he could not paint flesh. There is flesh and blood for you." The pictue was only sold after his wife's death in 1789. It first received its title "The Shrimp Girl" in a Christie's sale catalog.

Richard Klein

Richard G. Klein (born April 11, 1941 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American Professor of Biology and Anthropology at Stanford University. He is the professor in the School of Humanities and Sciences. He earned his PhD at the University of Chicago in 1966, and was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in April 2003. His research interests include paleoanthropology in Africa and Europe.

His publications are about the evoution and archaeology of humans.



George Clive and his Family with an Indian Maid

This painting, now known as Tysoe Saul Hancock, his wife Philadelphia, their daughter Elizabeth and their Indian maid Clarinda was previously misidentified as G"eorge Clive and his Family with an Indian Maid" is an oil painting by Joshua Reynolds. It measures 140 cm x 171 cm (67.3 in x 55.1 in). It was painted in 1765. It hangs in the Gemäldegalerie in Berlin. Lord George Clive was cousin of Robert Clive, founder of the empire of British India. He made his fortune there. Clearly the painter found the Indian nurse's depiction his greatest pleasure. 

William Hootkins

William Michael "Hoot" Hootkins (July 5, 1948 – October 23, 2005) was an American actor and comedian who was known for his roles in "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "", and as Lt. Eckhert in "Batman".

Hootkins was born on July 5, 1948 in Dallas, Texas. He studied at Princeton University and at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. He was taken to the FBI because they thought he had something to do with the Assassination of John F. Kennedy.

He was married to Polly Hootkins from 1973 until they divorced in 2005. Then he was married to Carolyn Robb from July 2005 until his death in October 2005.

Hootkins lived in London, England until 2002 when he moved to Los Angeles, California. Hootkins died on October 23, 2005 in Santa Monica, California from pancreatic cancer, aged 57.


Jason Acuña

Jason Acuña (born May 16, 1973), he is mostly known as Wee-Man, is an American TV personality, stunt performer and actor. He is one of the crew members for "Jackass" and stared in all of its movies. Acuña has achondroplasia, a form of dwarfism.

Acuña was born on May 16, 1973 in Pisa, Italy with a Chilean origin. He was raised in Torrance, California. He studied at North High School.


Preston Lacy

Preston Lacy (born August 14, 1969) is an American daredevil, actor, and writer. He is known for being one of the cast members of "Jackass". He is known for his stunts with Jason Acuña. Lacy was born on August 14, 1969 in Carthage, Missouri.



Dave England

Dave England (born December 30, 1969) is an American stunt performer and actor. He is known for his works in "Jackass" and for all of its movies. England was born in Ventura, California.


Ehren McGhehey

Ehren McGhehey (born November 29, 1976) or Danger Ehren is an American daredevil and actor. He is known for being one of the crew members of "Jackass". He has been in all of its movies. McGhehey was born on November 29, 1976 in McMinnville, Oregon.



Chris Pontius

Christopher Andrew "Chris" Pontius (born July 16, 1974) is an American television personality and daredevil and actor. He is one of the crew members for "Jackass" and for all of its movies. Pontius was born on July 16, 1974 in Pasadena, California. He is married to Claire Nolan.


Steve-O

Steve-O (born Stephen Gilchrist Glover; June 13, 1974) is a British-Canadian-American stunt performer, comedian, actor, and TV personality. He is known for being one of the cast members of "Jackass".

Steve-O was born on June 13, 1974 in London, England to a Canadian mother and to an American father. He was raised in Darien, Connecticut and in Miami, Florida. Steve-O studied at the University of Miami and at the Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Clown College. He was in rehab several times.


RSGC1

RSGC1 is a massive young open star cluster in the Milky Way galaxy. It was discovered in 2006 in the data from infrared surveys. 

There are 12 red supergiants identified so far. These are massive young stars undergoing helium burning in their cores. There is also one yellow hypergiant, and one intermediate. The cluster is in the constellation Scutum at about 6.6 kpc from the Sun. It is at the intersection of the northern end of the Long Bar of the Milky Way and the inner portion of the Scutum–Centaurus Arm—one of its two major spiral arms.

The age of RSGC1 is estimated at 10–14 million years. The observed red supergiants with the mass of about 16–20 solar masses will become type II supernovas. The cluster is heavily obscured and has not been detected in the visible light. It lies close to other groups of red supergiants known as Stephenson 2, RSGC3 and Alicante 8. The mass of RSGC1 is estimated at 30 thousand solar masses, which makes it one the most massive open clusters in the Galaxy.

Arne Duncan

Arne Duncan (born November 6, 1964) is an American education administrator. He was the United States Secretary of Education from 2009 through 2015. Duncan previously served as CEO of the Chicago Public Schools. He is a Democrat. He supports gay marriage.

Duncan was born on November 6, 1964 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Harvard University. Duncan is married to Karen Luann. They have two children. He lived in Arlington, Virginia and in Chicago, Illinois.


James Gammon

Richard Gammon (April 20, 1940 – July 16, 2010) was an American actor and entertainer. He was known for his role as Ulysses S. Grant in "Lincoln", Mr. Sutherland in "Wyatt Earp", and as Lou Brown in "Major League".

Gammon was born on April 20, 1940 in Newman, Illinois. Gammon was married to Nancy Jane Kapusta from 1972 until his death in 2010. Gammon died on July 16, 2010 from adrenal and liver cancer in Costa Mesa, California, aged 70.

Bug (river)

Bug is a name of two rivers in eastern Europe on opposite sides of the European watershed. The (western) Bug flows through western Ukraine, south-western Belarus and Poland. It is 772 km long and empties into the Vistula. The basin of Bug is about 30,420 km large.



Makoto Sakurai (disambiguation)

Makoto Sakurai may refer to

Jodi Rell

Mary Carolyn "Jodi" Rell (born Mary Carolyn Reavis; 16 June 1946) is an American Republican politician. She was the eighty-seventh Governor of the Connecticut. Rell was Governor from 2004 to 2011. Before that, she was Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut under John G. Rowland. Rowland resigned during a corruption investigation. Rell was the second female Governor of Connecticut, after Ella Grasso. She was replaced in 2010 by Dannel Malloy.

The Graham Children

The Graham Children is an oil painting by William Hogarth. It was painted in 1742. It measures 160.5 × 181 cm (63.2 × 71.3 in). It hangs in the National Gallery, London.

The children are painted life size, surrounded by plush furnishings and fabrics that reflect the family's wealth. A gilded bird cage is suspended from a cord and Thomas sits in an ornate baby cart with a fine silver fruit bowl at his feet. Richard plays a tune on a bird-organ which makes the bird sing.

Hogarth's Servants

Hogarth's Servants is an oil painting by William Hogarth. It was painted between 1750 and 1755. It shows the faces of six of his servants. It measures 62 × 75 cm (24.4 × 29.5 in). It hangs in the Tate Gallery, London.

The painting shows three men and three women, of different ages. Each person looks in a different direction. The three women all look young, not children but also not old. The men are different ages, from a boy (at the top center), to an adult man (at the bottom center), to an elderly man (at the top right). Ronald Paulson thinks the servants could be a coachman (coach driver), valet (helper), messenger, housekeeper (top housemaid), and two housemaids. The servants are shown in their normal look, in their normal clothes. The painting was painted with love and sensitivity, showing Hogarth's affection for his servants.

Saint Helier

Saint Helier or St. Helier (; French language: "Saint-Hélier" , Jèrriais: "Saint Hélyi") is one of the twelve parts (called parishes) of Jersey, the largest of the Channel Islands in the English Channel. 33,500 people live in Saint Helier. 33,500 is about 34.2% of the number of people of Jersey. It is the capital of the Island (but Government House is in St. Saviour).


Super Bowl XLVII

Super Bowl XLVII (meaning Super Bowl 47 in Roman numerals) was a Super Bowl game in which the Baltimore Ravens, winners of the American Football Conference (AFC) for the 2012 season, beat the San Francisco 49ers, winners of the National Football Conference (NFC) for the 2012 season, 34–31 to become winners of National Football League (NFL) for the 2012 season.

The game was played on February 3, 2013 at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana. The win gave the Ravens their second Super Bowl title and their first since the 2000 NFL season at Super Bowl XXXV. Joe Flacco was named the Super Bowl MVP.

The game was also nicknamed the Harbaugh Bowl, HarBowl and Brother Bowl because it was the first Super Bowl that featured two brothers as opposing head coaches with both Baltimore's John Harbaugh and San Francisco's Jim Harbaugh facing each other.

The game also marked Ray Lewis' last NFL game after he said that he was going to retire from professional football at the end of the 2012 season.

Lloyd Bentsen

Lloyd Bentsen (February 11, 1921 — May 23, 2006) was a Senator from Texas from 1971 to 1993 and was the United States Secretary of the Treasury under the Clinton administration from 1993 to 1994. He was a congressman from Texas from 1948 to 1955. He was also chairman of the Senate Committee on Finance from 1987 to 1993. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

He was the Vice Presidential running mate in the 1988 United States presidential election, but lost to Dan Quayle. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He died on May 23, 2006 in his home in Houston, Texas from a stroke, aged 85.


Lone pair

Electrons that remain unbonded to another atom are called lone pairs, while electrons that are bonded between two atoms are called bonding pairs. A lone pair is a group of two electrons that are not used in any bonds between atoms. They are always in the last shell of an atom, the valence shell. Together with the electrons used in bonding they make up the total number of valence electrons. They are usually high in energy.

You can think of a lone pair as a pair of electrons that an atom isn't sharing with anyone else.

A lone pair can be used to form new bonds between molecules. Nucleophiles always have a lone pair that is used to attack an electrophile. Lone pairs are also important for the shape of a molecule. They take more space around an atom than a bonding electron. Lone pairs on a same atom want to be as far away from each other as possible.

Artemision Zeus

The Artemision Zeus is a Greek bronze statue. It dates to the Early Classical period, ca. 460 BC. It stands 2.09 m in height. It was found in the debris of a shipwreck near Cape Artemision in 1926-1928. It is in the National Museum, Athens. There has been some debate whether the statue represents Zeus or Poseidon. Caroline Houser believes it is unlikely the statue is Poseidon because his trident would obscure the statue's face.

Edwin Jarvis

Jarvis Hopson or Edwin Jarvis is the butler of Tony Stark. He had also appeared in the Spider-Man comics. He has also been a supporting character in The Avengers comics. He sometimes is mistaken with DC Comics butler Alfred Pennyworth because of their background and what they do. He took care of the Start Mansion and Tony after his parents death.

Jarvis is as J.A.R.V.I.S, a robot in "Iron Man", "Iron Man 2", "The Avengers", "Iron Man 3" and "" because Jon Favreau did not want any confusion with Alfred Pennyworth. He is voice by Paul Bettany.

Nick Fury

Colonel Nicholas Joseph "Nick" Fury is a fictional war hero and spy who helps Marvel Comics heroes such as Hulk, the Fantastic Four, Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, and Spider-Man. He formed two groups one with spies S.H.I.E.L.D. and another one with superheroes, the Avengers. He has an eye-patch and uses guns or advanced technology to fight criminals. He used to serve in World War II with Captain America.

In the Marvel movie versions about some heroes such as "Iron Man", "Thor", "", "Iron Man 2", "Iron Man 3", "The Avengers", "", "" and "", "Secret Invasion", and "The Marvels," he is played by actor Samuel L. Jackson.

Happy Rockefeller

Margaretta Large Fitler "Happy" Murphy Rockefeller (June 9, 1926 – May 19, 2015) was the second lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 as the wife of the 41st vice president of the United States, Nelson Rockefeller. She was also the first lady of New York from 1963 to 1973 when her husband was governor.

Her mother was Margaretta Large Harrison and her father was William Wonderly Fitler, Jr., an heir to a cordage fortune. Rockefeller is known by her nickname, "Happy", given when she was a child. She is a great-great-granddaughter of Union general George G. Meade, the commander in the Battle of Gettysburg.

She married Dr. James Slater Murphy, a virologist associated with Rockefeller Institute who was a close friend to Nelson Rockefeller on December 11, 1945, they divorced on April 1, 1963. They had the following four children, James B. Murphy II, Margaretta Harrison Murphy, Carol Slater Murphy, and Malinda Fitler Murphy, who married Francis Menotti, the adopted son of composer Gian Carlo Menotti.

At the home of Laurance S. Rockefeller in Pocantico Hills, New York, on May 4, 1963, a month after her divorce—which was granted for reasons of what "The New York Times" called "grievous mental anguish" and her former husband's lawyer called "irreconcilable differences"—she married Gov. Nelson Rockefeller. He had divorced his first wife, Mary Todhunter Clark, on March 16, 1962. Happy and Nelson Rockefeller had two sons: Nelson Rockefeller, Jr. (born 1964) and Mark Rockefeller (born 1967). She previously had worked as a member of his office staff until her resignation in 1961. 

Happy Murphy's involvement with Gov. Rockefeller was controversial at the time. As the British journalist Lady Jeanne Campbell wrote in the London Evening Standard, when the Murphy-Rockefeller involvement became a topic of media investigation after the announcement of Rockefeller's filing for divorce from his first wife and Happy Murphy's resignation from his staff, "Already people are comparing Happy Murphy to the Duchess of Windsor when she was plain Mrs. Simpson." Echoing the party-wide concerns, an official of the Michigan Republican Party told "The New York Times" that the couple's potential marriage likely would cost Rockefeller the 1964 presidential nomination. "The rapidity of it all—he gets a divorce, she gets a divorce—and the indication of the break-up of two homes. Our country doesn't like broken homes."

In 1971, Rockefeller served as chairwoman of the board for the Saratoga Performing Arts Center. She was appointed as a public delegate to the United Nations by President George H. W. Bush in 1991.

She was a breast cancer survivor who had suffered mastectomy in 1974, two weeks after Betty Ford underwent the same operation. She died of a short-illness at the age of 88.


Hydra (constellation)

Hydra is a constellation that has parts in the northern sky and parts in the southern sky. It is the biggest constellation. It represents a water snake. The astronomer named Ptolemy listed Hydra when he made a list of 48 constellations. It is also one of the 88 modern constellations that were made by the International Astronomical Union.

Even though Hydra is a very big constellation, it only has one bright star. This star is named Alphard. Alphard means "the solitary one" in Arabic. Hydra actually has little to identify it exept for a cluster of stars at its head. 

Captain Tsubasa

Captain Tsubasa (キャプテン翼 Kyaputen Tsubasa?), also known as Flash Kicker, or Captain Majid in Arab speaking countries, is a popular long-running Japanese manga, animation, and video game series, originally created by Yōichi Takahashi in 1981. The series mainly revolves around the sport of Association football.

The Captain Tsubasa manga series was originally serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump comic book magazine between 1981 and 1988, spanning a total of 37-tankōbon volumes. It was continued onto a sequel, Captain Tsubasa: "World Youth" Saga, which was serialized between 1994 and 1997 in Shōnen Jump, spanning 18 volumes, and another sequel, entitled Captain Tsubasa: Road to 2002, which was serialized between 2001 and 2004 in Weekly Young Jump, which spanned 15 volumes. The latest sequel entitled Captain Tsubasa: Kaigai Gekito Hen En La Liga, serialized in Weekly Young Jump from 2010 to 2012.

Hang gliding

Hang gliding is a sport which involves soaring in a very small aircraft without an engine.


Pitchfork

A pitchfork is a tool used in farming. It is similar to a garden fork, made of metal or another hard material, with three or more pointed ends. Its long handle, made of wood or hard plastic, is for use while standing. It is usually about the same size as a shovel. It is used to move hay and other materials.

Herbert Boyer

Herbert W. Boyer (born July 10, 1936 in Derry, Pennsylvania) received the 1990 National Medal of Science, and is a co-founder of Genentech. He served as Vice President of Genentech from 1976 until his retirement in 1991.

With Stanley Cohen, he did possibly the first piece of genetic engineering.

Boyer was a Professor of Biochemistry from 1976 to 1991, where he discovered that genes from bacteria could be combined with genes from eukaryotes. In 1977, Boyer's laboratory and collaborators described the first-ever synthesis and expression of a peptide-coding gene. In August 1978, he produced synthetic insulin using his new transgenic genetically modified bacteria, followed in 1979 by a growth hormone.

In 1976, Boyer founded Genentech with venture capitalist Robert A. Swanson. Genentech's approach to the first synthesis of insulin beat Walter Gilbert's approach at Biogen which used genes from natural sources. Boyer built his gene from its individual nucleotides. 

In 1990, Boyer and his wife Grace gave the single largest donation ($10,000,000) bestowed on the Yale School of Medicine by an individual. The Boyer Center for Molecular Medicine was named after the Boyer family in 1991.

In 2007, St. Vincent College announced that they had renamed the School of Natural Science, Mathematics, and Computing the Herbert W. Boyer School.

Boyer is on the Board of Scientific Governors of The Scripps Research Institute.


Thomas Wolfe

Thomas Clayton Wolfe (October 3, 1900 – September 15, 1938) was an American writer from North Carolina. He wrote "Look Homeward, Angel" and "You Can't Go Home Again".

Park Gyu-su

Park Gyu-su (korean:박규수, hanja:朴珪壽, 1807 – 1877) was a Korean politician, Silhak and Neo-Confucianism philosopher, thinker, and liberal activist. One of his pennames was Hwanjae. His grandfather was Park Ji-won, a famous Silhak and Neo-Confucianism philosopher and novelist.


Susana Martinez

Susana Martinez (born July 14, 1959) is an American politician who served as the thirty-first Governor of New Mexico. She was the first female governor of New Mexico and the first female Hispanic governor in the United States. Martinez was a Democrat before the mid 1990s, around which time she became a Republican.

Martinez is from El Paso, Texas.

Kirby's Epic Yarn

Kirby's Epic Yarn is a platformer video game for the Nintendo Wii console. It was developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo. It was released in Japan on October 14, 2010, in North America on October 17, 2010, in Australia on February 24, 2011, and in Europe on February 25, 2011.

The game was ported to Nintendo 3DS in March 2019 as Kirby's Extra Epic Yarn which was last "Kirby" game for the system. 

One day, Kirby finds a tomato and eats it. While doing so, an evil being named Yin-Yarn takes Kirby into Patch Land, a place made out of yarn. There, Kirby's body becomes yarn. Kirby also has the ability to transform. This was given to Kirby by the tomato he ate earlier. Kirby uses this ability to rescue a boy named Prince Fluff. Prince Fluff says that Yin-Yarn broke Patch Land into different pieces that were held together by magic yarn. Kirby has to help him find the pieces of the magic yarn to restore Patch Land to normal.

In "Kirby's Epic Yarn", Kirby does not have his inhale ability. Instead, Kirby has a whip-like attack. Kirby can use it both to attack enemies and turn them into yarn. Kirby can also no longer float in air with his breath. Instead, he transforms into an parachute. Kirby can also transform into a car and a dolphin. The car makes Kirby faster, while the dolphin allows him to go underwater.

Each level has three treasure chests to collect. There are also colored beads, which increases the player's score. Having a high score earns medals. The chests and medals unlock extra levels. Beads can be used to purchase furniture and wallpapers. These can be used to change Kirby's living space.

Unlike the other "Kirby" games, Kirby does not have health or lives. If Kirby is damaged or falls into a bottomless pit, he loses some of his beads.

Shizuka Gozen

Shizuka Gozen (1165–1211), or Lady Shizuka, was one of the most famous women in Japanese history and literature. She was a "shirabyōshi" (court dancer) of the 12th century, and a mistress of Minamoto no Yoshitsune. Since she, like many others, are featured largely in the Heike Monogatari (Tale of Heike), Gikeiki (Chronicle of Yoshitsune), and a number of plays of various traditions, her story is quite well known, but it is difficult to separate fact from fiction within it.

Empress Genshō

Empress Genshō (683 – May 22, 748) was the 44th monarch of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. Genshō ruled during the years 715 to 724.

In the history of Japan, Genshō was the fifth of eight women to take on the role of empress regnant, meaning that she was the ruler in her own right and not a ruler because she was a married to a ruler. 

Genshō was the only Japanese empress regnant to get her title from another empress regnant, rather than a previous male ruler.


Hōjō Masako

Hōjō Masako (1156 – August 16, 1225) was the eldest child of Hōjō Tokimasa by his wife Hōjō no Maki, the first shikken, or ruler, of the Kamakura shogunate. She was the sister of Hōjō Yoshitoki, and was married to Minamoto no Yoritomo, the first shogun of the Kamakura period. She was also the mother of Minamoto no Yoriie and Minamoto no Sanetomo, the second and third shoguns.

Empress Gemmei

Empress Gemmei (660 – December 29, 721), also known as Empress Genmyō, was the 43rd monarch of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.


Izumi Shikibu

Izumi Shikibu (b. 976?) was a mid-Heian period Japanese poet. She is a member of the Thirty-six Medieval Poetry Immortals. She lived in the same time period of Murasaki Shikibu and Akazome Emon at the court of empress Joto Mon'in.

Mochizuki Chiyome

Mochizuki Chiyome （望月千代女） is a name of female ninja who did "not" exist. Although some non-academic books claim that Chiyome existed in Sengoku period, she did not exist in fact, according to Katuya Yoshimaru; He is an associate professor of Mie University and studies ninja.

According to Yoshimaru, the name of Chiyome was appeared first time in 1971 at a book "考証日本史"("Investigation of Japanese history"); this book was written by non-academic writer 稲垣史生(Shisei Inagaki).


2013 Alabama bunker hostage crisis

On January 29, 2013, a five-year-old boy was taken hostage for almost seven days in Dale County, Alabama, in the United States. The boy, Ethan, was riding to school on a bus. A 65-year-old Vietnam War veteran named Jimmy Lee Dykes came aboard the bus and killed the driver. Dykes took Ethan to an underground bunker on his property, in the Wiregrass Region near U.S. Highway 231.

On the afternoon of Monday, February 4, after negotiations with Dykes had failed and believing the child was going to be hurt very soon, law enforcement agents raided the bunker. The abductor was shot dead. Ethan, who suffers from Asperger's syndrome, was rescued.

Neighbors and officials had described Dykes as a survivalist with "anti-government" views.

Essie Mae Washington-Williams

Essie Mae Washington-Williams (October 12, 1925 – February 4, 2013) was an American school teacher. She is best known as the oldest and natural child of Strom Thurmond, Governor of South Carolina and longtime United States Senator. 

In 2003, she came forward and announced that she was the daughter of United States Senator, Strom Thurmond. Williams said that Thurmond paid for her college. She was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize.

Williams was born on October 12, 1925 in Edgefield, South Carolina to Strom Thurmond and his family's 16-year-old African American servant, Carrie Butler. She studied at New York University and the University of South Carolina. 

Williams was married to Julius T. Williams from 1948 until his death in 1964. They had four children. 

Williams died on February 4, 2013 in her home in Columbia, South Carolina. She was 87.


Roger Bacon

Roger Bacon (c. 1214–1294) was an English philosopher and Franciscan friar who placed considerable emphasis on the study of nature through empirical methods. He is sometimes credited, mainly starting in the 19th century, as one of the earliest European advocates of the modern scientific method inspired by the works of Aristotle and later Arabic works, such as the works of Muslim scientist Alhazen.

However, more recent studies emphasize that he was essentially a medieval thinker, with much of his "experimental" knowledge obtained from books, in the scholastic tradition. A survey of the reception of Bacon's work over centuries found that it often reflects the concerns and controversies central to the receivers. 

Roger Bacon was educated at Oxford University. He studied modern science, theology, and philosophy. His family was rich, which helped pay for the many experiments he conducted. After lecturing at Oxford he moved to Paris to learn and study. Bacon was one of the first people to teach about Aristotle in Paris. During his time he wrote a book named "On the Marvelous Power of art and nature". He wrote a long list of inventions he had in mind, naming steamships, telescope, eye glasses, and microscopes. 

He was apparently so intently concentrated in his experiments and he had an aggressive personality, he was known to be socially awkward. In 1247 he stopped teaching because of bad health and proceeded to study, experiment, and become a friar. Years later, he was sent to a monastery because of upsetting fellow friars and superiors. He was there for about 10 years, and was unable to conduct experiments and studies. He was then sponsored by Pope Clement IV, but shortly after the Pope’s death in 1278 Bacon was accused of being a “magician”. He was imprisoned in a convent in Paris for 12 years, until 1292. He died around 1294 when he was about 80 years old.

Mario Pinball Land

Mario Pinball Land is a pinball video game for the Game Boy Advance console. It was developed by Fuse Games and published by Nintendo. It was released on August 26, 2004 in Japan, on October 4, 2004 in North America, and on November 26, 2004 in Europe.

Mario and Princess Peach are visiting a funfair. At one point, Peach goes into a cannon. The cannon is operated by Goombas, who shoot her to Bowser's castle. To save her, Mario uses a machine that turns him into a ball. Mario has to play pinball through different worlds to save Peach.

During the game, Mario has to get stars. These stars allow him to go further into the game by opening doors. A total of 35 stars are available. Five different worlds are played in the game. At the end of each world, Mario faces a boss.

Rabiah

Rabiah is a neighborhood in Amman, Jordan. Notable landmarks include the Kalooti Mosque and the Kilo Circle Bridge. The area is comprised of both residential and non-residential communities. Popular cafes and restaurants make Rabiah a commercial hotspot, especially during holiday seasons such as Eid al-Adha. Major streets include Mecca Street, Medinah Street, and Wasfi Al Tall Street.

West Attica

West Attica () is a regional unit of Greece. It is part of Attica. The capital is the town Eleusis.


Ganache

Ganache (; from the French word for "jowl") is a glaze, icing, sauce, or filling for pastries made from chocolate and cream. It is made by heating cream and pouring it over chopped dark semi-sweet chocolate.

Ella Grasso

Ella Tambussi Grasso (May 10, 1919 – February 5, 1981) was a Democratic Party American politician. She was the first female governor of the state of Connecticut. Grasso was in office from 1975 to 1980. She was elected governor in November 1974. She was the first female governor elected in her own right. From 1971 to 1975, she was a member of the United States House of Representatives. Grasso was born in Windsor Locks, Connecticut.

Grasso died on February 5, 1981 in Hartford, Connecticut of a heart attack and multiple organ failure caused by ovarian cancer, aged 61.

In 1984, President Ronald Reagan posthumously awarded her the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

PlayStation 4

The PlayStation 4 (also known by the abbreviated name PS4) is the fourth home video game console produced by Sony Computer Entertainment and is not compatible with the PlayStation 3. It was officially announced at a press conference on February 20, 2013 and launched on November 15, 2013. The PlayStation 4 was discontinued in Japan on 5 January 2021.

Sony focused on "social" aspects as a major feature of the console. Although the PS4 has improved social functionality, the features are optional and can be disabled. Users can create or join community groups based on personal interest. Gamers can watch live gameplay of games which their friends are playing. Online friends can join a play session via streaming.

Sony invited press to a New York City event on 20 February 2013. The company announced the event on Thursday 31 January, inviting us to "see the future".

In 2016, Sony unveiled the PlayStation VR, a virtual reality headset add-on for the PlayStation 4. The PlayStation VR is not included in the pack. It comes with a Mono Headset. The PlayStation VR also has a PlayStation Camera.

There are three different models of the PS4:



Naturalism (arts)

"Also see" 

Naturalism in art refers to the depiction of realistic objects in a natural setting. The Realist movement of the 19th century advocated naturalism in reaction to the stylized and idealized depictions of subjects in Romanticism, but many painters have used a similar approach over the centuries. One example of Naturalism is the artwork of American artist William Bliss Baker, whose landscape paintings are considered some of the best examples of the naturalist movement. Another example is the French Albert Charpin, from the Barbizon School, with his paintings of sheep in their natural settings.

Naturalism began in the early Renaissance, and developed itself further throughout the Renaissance, such as with the Florentine School.

Naturalism is a type of art that pays attention to very accurate and precise details, and portrays things as they are.

Some writers restrict the terms "Naturalism" and "Realism" for use as labels for period styles of the middle and late nineteenth century in Europe and America, thus making available the terms "naturalism" and "realism," all lowercase, for tendencies of art of any period so long as the works strive for an accurate representation of the visible world. Thus, "Naturalism" is tied to a time and place, whereas "naturalism" is timeless. As well as a major turning point in art.


Reg Presley

Reg Presley (12 June 1941 – 4 February 2013) was a British singer-songwriter. He was born Reginald Maurice Ball in Andover, Hampshire, where he lived all his life. He was the lead singer of rock band The Troggs. In January 2012, Presley said he was retiring due to being diagnosed with lung cancer. Thirteen months later, he died at his house in Andover of lung cancer and strokes.

Stheno

Stheno is a gorgon in Greek mythology. She has 2 sisters. She and her sister Euryale was immortal, and the third sister Medusa was mortal. Medusa is the queen who turns people to stone with her eyes. Euryale could jump high. Stheno was very strong. She had snake hair, metal arms, and wings. She was the daughter of Phorcys and Ceto.

Eddie Fisher

Edwin John "Eddie" Fisher (August 10, 1928 – September 22, 2010) was an American singer, actor, writer, musician, and entertainer. Fisher had made hundreds of recording albums. 

Fisher was born on August 10, 1928 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to a Russian-Jewish family. He studied at Thomas Junior High School, South Philadelphia High School, and at Simon Gratz High School. It was during high school many people discovered that Fisher had a talent for singing. 

Fisher was married to Debbie Reynolds from 1955 until they divorced in 1959. They had two children; including actress Carrie Fisher. Then he was married to Elizabeth Taylor from 1959 until they divorced in 1964. Then he was married to Connie Stevens from 1967 until they divorced in 1969. They had two children. Then he was married to Terry Richard from 1975 until they divorced in 1976. Then he was last married to Betty Lin from 1993 until her death in 2001. 

Fisher died on September 22, 2010 in Berkeley, California after going into surgery, aged 82. Fisher broke his hip thirteen days before. He had hearing and seeing problems. His remains were cremated and were later buried. He was buried at Cypress Lawn Memorial Park next to his wife Betty Lin.


John Warner

John William Warner, Jr. (February 18, 1927 – May 25, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was the Secretary of the Navy from 1972 to 1974. He was a United States Senator from Virginia from January 2, 1979, to January 3, 2009. 

He did not run for office in 2008. He has rejoined the law firm of Hogan Lovells, where he worked before joining the United States Department of Defense. 

Warner was also the sixth husband to actress Elizabeth Taylor, whom he married before being elected to the Senate. He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 2009.

Warner was born on February 18, 1927 in Washington, D.C.. He was raised in Washington, D.C.. Warner studied at St. Albans School, at Woodrow Wilson High School, at Washington-Lee University, at University of Virginia Law School, and at George Washington University. 

Warner was married to Catherine Mellon in 1957 until they divorced in 1973, they had three children. Then he was married to Elizabeth Taylor from 1976 until they divorced in 1982. In 2003, he married Jeanne Vander Myde.

A critic of President Donald Trump, he supported Democrats Hillary Clinton in 2016 and Joe Biden in 2020.

Warner died on May 25, 2021 at his home in Alexandria, Virginia from heart failure at the age of 94.


Daniel Akaka

Daniel Kahikina Akaka (September 11, 1924 – April 6, 2018) was an American politician who was a United States Senator from Hawaii from 1990 to 2013. A member of the Democratic Party, Akaka is the first U.S. Senator of Native Hawaiian ancestry. He was the Senior Senator of Hawaii for a few weeks when Daniel Inouye died in December 2012.

He studied at the University of Hawaii. In 1969, he was hired by the Department of Education as a chief program planner. In the 1970s he served in various governmental positions. He was first elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1976 to represent Hawaii's Second Congressional District, and he served for 13 years.

Akaka died in Honolulu of multiple organ failure on April 6, 2018 at the age of 93.


Percy Spencer

Percy LeBaron Spencer (July 9, 1894 – September 8, 1970) was an American engineer and inventor. He was the inventor the microwave oven. Spencer was born in Maine. He invented the microwave by accident when a chocolate bar his pocket melted when he was performing an experiment.

John Betjeman

John Betjeman (28 August 1906 – 19 May 1984) was a English poet. He was Poet Laureate known for his light humorous verse. One of his most famous poems was about Slough, a town in Berkshire. 
It begins with the rhyme:

Betjeman was born in Highgate, London. He studied at Magdalen College, Oxford. In 1933 he married Penelope Chetwode; they separated in the late 1940s. The couple's son, Paul was born in 1937. Their daughter was Candida Lycett Green (1942–2014). Betjeman's partner from 1951 until his death was Lady Elizabeth Cavendish.

Betjeman died of Parkinson's disease in Trebetherick, Cornwall. He was replaced as Poet Laureate by Ted Hughes. Betjeman was also known as an architectural and cultural critic. He is buried at St Enodoc in Cornwall, near Trebetherick.

Frank Lautenberg

Frank Raleigh Lautenberg (January 23, 1924 – June 3, 2013) was an American Senior Senator of the state of New Jersey. He first served in the United States Senate from 1982 to 2001; after a brief retirement, he was re-elected to the Senate and served from 2003 until his death in 2013. At age 89, Lautenberg was the oldest senator and the last serving veteran of World War II to remain a senator (after the death of Daniel Inouye and Ted Stevens,and Daniel Akaka left office). Lautenberg was the oldest serving Senator.

Lautenberg was born on January 23, 1924 in Paterson, New Jersey to Jewish-Polish-Russian parents. After graduating from Nutley High School in 1941, Lautenberg served overseas in the United States Army Signal Corps during World War II from 1942 to 1946. Then, financed by the GI Bill, he attended and graduated from Columbia Business School in 1949 with a degree in economics.
He was president and chairman of the board of Automatic Data Processing (ADP) for years after joining the company soon after it started.

Lautenberg was elected as Senator from New Jersey in 1982 and 1988. Following his second election, Lautenberg became a member of the President's Commission on Aviation Security and Terrorism (PCAST), which was set up in September 1989 to review and report on aviation security policy in light of the sabotage of Pan Am Flight 103 on December 21, 1988.

Lautenberg was again re-elected in the United States Senate elections of 1994, beating Republican New Jersey State Assembly Speaker Chuck Haytaian by 50% to 47%. Lautenberg helped pass laws that allowed no smoking on airplanes and to raise the drinking age to 21.

He announced his retirement in 2000, but denied it was because he thought he would lose to Whitman or Kean, saying that he had been vulnerable in previous elections and "Mr. Vulnerable always wins". His fellow Democrat and businessman, Jon Corzine, was elected to replace him. In 2001, Lautenberg decided to run again for Senator in 2002. He won the election.

In February 2006, Lautenberg announced his intention to run for re-election in United States Senate elections, 2008, saying that deciding not to run for re-election in 2000 "was among the worst decisions of his life." Lautenberg formally announced his candidacy on March 31, 2008.He defeated Republican Dick Zimmer that November by 52% to 46%.

On February 14, 2013, Lautenberg announced he would not seek re-election. In the press conference, Lautenberg joked, "is it too late to change my mind?" and joked that he would pray "something goes wrong" so he could be called on to run again.

Lautenberg was married to Lois Levenson until they divorced 31 years after their marriage. He was married to Bonnie Englebardt from 2004 until his death in 2013. He had four children with Levenson. In 2010, Lautenberg's wealth was estimated to be between $55 million and $116.1 million, making him the fifth-wealthiest Senator.

In February 2010, Lautenberg was treated for stomach cancer. During that same week, Lautenberg suffered from non-serious injuries from a fall he had. June 2010, it was announced that Lautenberg had gone under chemotherapy for a curable case of lymphoma. Lautenberg later made a full recovery.

Lautenberg died on June 3, 2013 in Manhattan, New York from pneumonia, aged 89. In the interim, the current governor, Chris Christie, appointed a Republican, which changed the party balance in the Senate by one. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery, Arlington, Virginia on June 7, 2013.

On June 4, 2013, Governor Chris Christie announced that a special election to fill the current Senate seat will be held on October 16, 2013. A special primary will be held on August 13, 2013. It has been estimated that the two additional elections will cost the state approximately $20 million. Christie also stated he would soon appoint a Republican to fill the seat until the elected replacement takes office. Republican politician Jeffrey Chiesa was chosen to be Lautenberg's acting successor. Chiesa was later chosen to be Lautenberg's official successor in October 2013.


Flannery O'Connor

Mary Flannery O'Connor (March 25, 1925 – August 3, 1964) was an American writer. Her books, include "Wise Blood" and "A Good Man is Hard to Find". Her writing style is sometimes known as Southern Gothic. 

American literature

American literature is poetry, fiction, drama, or essays written by Americans. It also includes literature written by people living in the United States (who are not American citizens).

The 19th century was a fertile era for the American novel and American poetry. The most popular American novelists of the 19th Century were women. Harriet Beecher Stowe wrote Uncle Tom's Cabin about slavery in America. Luisa May Alcott wrote the popular novel Little Women about the dreams and hardships of sisters growing up in rural America. 

Herman Melville wrote the famous novel Moby Dick, about a whaling in America. Moby Dick is often called the greatest American novels. Emily Dickinson is one of the greatest American poets. Dickinson wrote many lyrical, religious, philosophical poems. Walt Whitman wrote the epic poem Leaves of Grass. Masterpieces of Gothic fiction include Nathaniel Hawthorn's Fall of the House of Usher and The Scarlet Letter). Charlotte Perkins Gilman's feminist classic "The Yellow Wallpaper" is also Gothic fiction. Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau wrote philosophical essays. Their philosophical school of thought is called Transcendentalism.
The 20th Century is often called The American Century in art. Novelists of the modern era include William Faulkner, John Steinbeck, T.S. Eliot, Ernest Hemingway, Sinclair Lewis, and Pearl Buck.

Toni Morrison, Eugene O'Neill, Saul Bellow, Joseph Brodsky and Isaac Bashevis Singer won the Nobel Prize in Literature. 

Contemporary fiction writers of include Don Delillo, Paul Auster, Jennifer Egan, Colson Whitehead, Giannina Braschi, David Foster Wallace, and Jonathan Frazen. These writers are often called Postmodern authors. 

There are many popular literary genres. Humorist David Sedaris writes funny short stories about his personal life and odd things about strangers.
Shel Silverstein and Dr.Seuss wrote rhyming poems for children’s books. Judy Bloom writes emotional stories about young girls for young readers. R.L.Stine writes scary stories (Goosebump Series) about monsters and ghosts for boys and girls. Stephen King writes horror novels for adults about murder, monsters, and kidnapping. 

Saul Bellow

Saul Bellow (June 10, 1915 – April 5, 2005) was a Canadian-American writer. He was born Solomon Bellows in Lachine, Montreal to Russian parents. He moved to Chicago, Illinois, when he was nine. He became an American citizen in 1941. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1976. He wrote the books "Henderson the Rain King" and "Herzog". He died in Brookline, Massachusetts.

Averroes

Averroës (also known as Ibn Rušd or Ibn Rushd; 14 April 1126 – 10 December 1198) was a Muslim polymath from Al-Andalus. He was a scholar of Greek and Islamic philosophy. He also studied Islamic theology, law, politics, classical music, and the sciences of medicine, psychology, physics, astronomy, geography and mathematics.

Averroes was born in Córdoba, Al-Andalus. He lived during a unique period in academic history. Interest in philosophy and theology was failing in the Muslim world but just beginning to become influential in Christian Europe. Averroes himself was influenced by the ideas of Aristotle. His philosophy was often criticised by fellow Muslims. He had a larger influence on Western European society. He has been described as the founder of secular thought in Western Europe.

Averroes is most famous for his commentaries of Aristotle's works. Aristotle had been mostly forgotten in the West since the 6th century. Averroes' interpretations of Aristotle's ideas revived Western scholarly interest in Aristotle and ancient Greek philosophy in general. They also led to the development of scholasticism in medieval Europe.

Averroes was born as ʾSan sebastián De La Cruz ʾAḥmad bin Rušd. He was born in 1126 in Andalusia, which at the time was a Muslim country called Al-Andalus. At a young age Averroes had many teachers who helped him begin his study of Islam. He excelled in this and was also interested in law. He began studying medicine in Seville under a man named Abu Jafar al-Turjali.

Averroes began his career with the help of Ibn Tufail, a physician at the caliph's court in Marrakesh. He was able to go to Marrakesh and become a physician because of his knowledge of physics. Averroes was granted many honors and became a "Qadi" (judge) in Seville in 1169.

Two years later he became the Qadi of Córdoba. In his free time he studied and wrote. In 1195, Averroes wrote a paper about how he thought philosophy was less than useful for the discovery of religious truth. He was disgraced and many of his papers were burned. The Caliph imprisoned Averroes and exiled him from the country. He lived in Lucena for a short time, then he was brought back by the Caliph to be a judge. He died in 1198.

Joseph Brodsky

Iosif Aleksandrovich Brodsky (; ; 24 May 1940 – 28 January 1996), better known as Joseph Brodsky, was a Russian-American writer. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1987. He wrote poetry in Russian.


Christine Gregoire

Christine Gregoire (; née O'Grady; born March 24, 1947) is an American politician. She was the 22nd Governor of Washington from 2005 until 2013. She was a member for United States Democratic Party and the second female Governor of Washington. Gregoire chaired the National Governors Association for the 2010–2011 term. She was born in Adrian, Michigan.

Tongs

Tongs are gripping and lifting tools. They are used in laboratories or in cooking are used to pick up hot objects.
There are also laboratory tongs, which are used to grip objects that are kind of, but not very poisonous. (Added by: Levern M.)

After Earth

After Earth is a 2013 American action adventure science fiction movie that M. Night Shyamalan made with Will Smith. Columbia Pictures produced it.

1,000 years in the future, astronauts from another planet (played by Will Smith and his son Jaden Smith) go back to Earth for some reason. Their space ship wrecks and Will Smith gets hurt, so Jaden Smith then has to go signal for help. There are also really mean aliens that are trying to kill Jaden Smith. Will and Jaden hope to eventually escape and go back to their alien planet.


M. Night Shyamalan started filming "After Earth" in February 2012. Before that, Gary Whitta wrote the first script, then M. Night Shyamalan rewrote it, then Stephen Gaghan improved M. Night Shyamalan's script at the end of 2011. M. Night Shyamalan filmed most of the movie in Costa Rica, California, and Pennsylvania.


Zanskar

Zanskar () is a tehsil of the Kargil District of Ladakh, India.

Decompression sickness

Decompression sickness is caused by bubbles which form in the blood and other body parts of people who have the pressure around them decrease too quickly. These bubbles may block the flow of blood and starve the body parts of oxygen, or the bubbles may cause damage by stretching, tearing, or pressing on the affected parts. Decompression sickness is also called "the bends."

Decompression sickness can happen to underwater divers who spend a lot of time in deep water, and return to the surface too quickly for the breathing gases dissolved in their bodies to escape without forming bubbles.

People can also get decompression sickness if they are in a pressurised aeroplane or spacecraft and it is damaged and the air is lost.

Decompression sickness can be prevented by decreasing the pressure slowly. This allows the gases which have dissolved in the body to get out in the breathing air without forming bubbles. Divers do this by coming up to the surface slowly, as the pressure depends on the depth, and reducing the depth will reduce the pressure. For each ten metres change of depth the pressure will change by 1 bar, which is about the same as normal air pressure at sea level.

Divers find out how slowly to come up by using decompression tables or a dive computer. They may need to stop on the way up to wait for enough gas to get out before it is safe to go up further. This is called a decompression stop. The tables or computer will inform the divers what depths they must stop at and how long they must stay at each depth.

People flying high in aircraft avoid decompression by being in a pressurized cabin. In military aircraft the crew may breathe oxygen before the flight for a few hours so most of the nitrogen that is dissolved in their bodies can escape. This is called oxygen prebreathing.
Astronauts preparing for a spacewalk also prebreathe oxygen and decompress inside the spacecraft before getting into their suit and going outside.

When a person breathes, the air or other breathing gas dissolves into the blood from the lungs. This takes some time, and the amount of gas that can dissolve depends on the pressure around the person. If the pressure is greater, more gas can dissolve. After a while no more gas can dissolve at that pressure.

When a diver goes deeper, the pressure gets greater. This makes more gas dissolve in the diver. At the end of the dive the diver must return to the surface of the water where there is less pressure. 

If the diver goes up slowly the pressure will change slowly, and there will be enough time for the gas dissolved in the diver to return from the blood to the breathing gas in the divers lungs and it will be safely removed. If the pressure change is too quick for enough of the dissolved gas to be removed, the gas may form bubbles in the blood and other parts of the diver's body. These bubbles will get bigger when the pressure gets less as the diver gets nearer to the surface. Bubbles which are in the blood may get stuck in small blood vessels. If this happens in the lungs they will usually do no great harm but if they block the blood flow in other parts of the body, the parts where the flow is blocked will not get enough oxygen and may be damaged. This is very dangerous if it happens in the brain or heart. The other place where bubbles may form is in the more solid parts of the body. If these bubbles grow enough they may tear the parts around them or press against them hard enough to do damage.

If a diver gets decompression sickness it can be treated by putting the diver in a decompression chamber, and increasing the pressure to squeeze the bubbles to a smaller size where they do less harm, and by giving the diver pure oxygen to breathe, which helps to get the bubbles to dissolve again. The oxygen also helps to stop more damage to the body by the bubbles which have blocked blood vessels, as there is more oxygen in the blood to keep the parts alive which have less blood supply because of the blockages.

Buzzword

A buzzword is a word or phrase that is made to either summarize a complex idea or reconstruct another word or phrase to reflect a particular point of view. Corporations make up buzzwords so that they can advertise stuff better. In this way, a buzzword is a lot like a product name or a proper noun. People can remember buzzwords better than non-buzzwords, which is why its good for advertising.

Example:
Multimedia has been a buzzword in the computer industry for years.


International trade

International trade is trade between different countries, also known as importing and exporting goods. Businesses in one country will then buy (import) or sell (export) goods to the businesses in other countries. Alternatively, the government of a country will sometimes directly buy from (or sell to) the government of another country.

Governments have sometimes forbidden or more often restricted international trade. When import of goods affects the prices of those same goods in the receiving country, that country's government may pass special laws to regulate the trading. They may then try to use protectionist methods such as high tariffs to discourage import. As a form of punishment or political pressure, some countries may impose economic sanctions, or embargoes that prevent trading altogether with a target country. 

To promote relations, countries may agree to trade with each other without protectionism. This is called "free trade". Free trade reduces trade barriers in exporting items. Free trade is generally supported by fiscal conservatives; trade-protectionism is generally supported by economic nationalist and leftist parties.


Narew

Narew is a river in northeast Poland, and western Belarus. It is long and empties into the Vistula.

Division of Higgins

The Division of Higgins is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. 

It was created in 1949 and is named after Justice H. B. Higgins (1851–1929). Higgins was a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly (1894), president of the Carlton Football Club (1904), a member of the Australian House of Representatives (1901–1906), and a judge of the High Court of Australia (1906–1929).

The Division of Higgins covers the inner eastern suburbs of Melbourne, including Armadale, Ashburton, Malvern, Toorak and parts of Glen Iris, Camberwell, Carnegie, Murrumbeena, Prahran, and South Yarra.

Higgins has been important in Australian federal politics and for the Liberal Party of Australia. The seat's first two members, Harold Holt and Sir John Gorton, were the 17th and 19th Prime Ministers of Australia. Higgins is the only Division to have been held by two Prime Ministers. 

Peter Costello the longest serving Treasurer of Australia and former Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party also held the seat from 1990–2009. He resigned in 2009 which meant a by-election had to be held. There had also been a by-election in 1967, after Harold Holt disappeared in the sea.



Division of Murray

The Division of Murray was an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. 

It was located in the north of the state, next to the Murray River, which forms Victoria's border with New South Wales. It included the towns of Shepparton, Echuca, Cobram, Yarrawonga, Boort and Bridgewater.

Murray was created in 1949. It was named after the Murray River, which itself was named after British Secretary of State for War and the Colonies Sir George Murray. 

The Division was abolished in 2019 and renamed Nicholls.

It was first held by Rt Hon Sir John McEwen, who was the caretaker Prime Minister of Australia after the disappearance of Harold Holt.




Shepparton

Shepparton () is a city on the floodplain of the Goulburn River in the north east of Victoria, Australia. It is about north-east of Melbourne. In 2006 there were 27,707 living in the city.

Shepparton began as a sheep station and river crossing. It later became an important railway town. Today it is an agricultural and manufacturing city. It is at the centre of the Goulburn Valley irrigation system, one of the largest centres of irrigation in Australia. It is a major regional service city and is the civic administration centre for the City of Greater Shepparton. The Greater Shepparton area includes the towns of Tatura, Merrigum, Mooroopna, Murchison, Dookie, and Grahamvale.

Tatura

Tatura is a town in the Goulburn Valley region of Victoria, Australia, Australia. The town part of the City of Greater Shepparton local government area. It is north of the state capital, Melbourne and west of the regional centre of Shepparton. In 2011 there were 3,672 people living in the town.

There are several large companies based in Tatura. These include Tatura Milk Industries, Goulburn-Murray Water's corporate headquarters, Sinclair Knight Merz, and the Department of Primary Industries (Victoria). Several multinational corporations such as Unilever and Snow Brand Milk Products have processing factories in the town.

Attractions include the Cussen Park wetlands, the World War II Prisoner of War Camps, and the Irrigation Museum.

The name of the town is an Aboriginal word meaning "small lagoon".

Merrigum

Merrigum is a small town in the Goulburn Valley region of Victoria, Australia. The town is part of City of Greater Shepparton local government area. It is north of the state capital, Melbourne. In 2011 there were 672 people living in the town.

The name "Merrigum" is an Australian Aboriginal word meaning a small plain. Merrigum Post Office opened on 1 February 1875.

Golfers play at the course of the Merrigum Golf Club.

Great Artesian Basin

The Great Artesian Basin in Australia is the largest and deepest aquifer (artesian basin) in the world. It stretches over , which is 22% of the surface area of Australia. This includes most of Queensland, the south-east corner of the Northern Territory, the north-east part of South Australia, and northern New South Wales. The basin is deep in places. It may contain of groundwater. Its temperature ranges from 30°C to 100°C. 

The basin is the only reliable source of freshwater through much of inland Australia. The Great Artesian Basin Coordinating Committee (GABCC) coordinates activity between the various levels of government and community organisations.

The water of the GAB is held in a sandstone layer laid down by continental erosion of higher ground during the Triassic, Jurassic, and Lower Cretaceous periods. At the time when much of what is now Australia was below sea level. The sandstone was then covered by a layer of marine sedimentary rock. This formed a confining layer, trapping water in the sandstone aquifer. The eastern edge of the basin was uplifted when the Great Dividing Range formed. The other side was created from the landforms of the Central Eastern Lowlands and the Great Western Plateau to the west. 

Most water enters the rock formations from the higher ground near the eastern edge of the basin (in Queensland and New South Wales). It very gradually flows towards the south and west. A much smaller amount enters along the western margin in arid central Australia, flowing to the south and east. Because the sandstones are permeable, water gradually makes its way through the pores between the sand grains, flowing at a rate of one to five metres per year. 

Discharge water eventually exits through a number of springs and seeps, mostly in the southern part of the basin. The age of the groundwater is got by measuring carbon-14 and chlorine-36. It ranges from several thousand years for the recharge areas in the north to nearly 2 million years in the south-western discharge zones.

Melancholia

Melancholia is a mental illness. A person with melancholia has intense or long-lasting feelings of sadness, for no clear reason. In the 20th century, the term "melancholia" was mostly replaced by "depression" (also called Major Depressive Disorder).

The first person to describe melancholia was Hippocrates, in the 4th century BC. In his "Aphorisms", Hippocrates wrote that all "fears and despondencies, if they last a long time", are symptoms of melancholia.

The name "melancholia" comes from the old medical belief that there are four basic liquids in the body (called humors). According to this belief, diseases happen when the humors are not balanced correctly in a person's body. Humors were also thought to determine personality types. According to Hippocrates, melancholia was caused by having too much black bile in the body. The name "melancholia" means 'black bile'. It comes from the Ancient Greek words μέλας (melas), meaning "dark, black", and χολή (kholé), meaning "bile".

Robert Burton, a16th century scholar, wrote in detail about the condition in "The Anatomy of Melancholy" (1621). It discussed melancholia from both literary and medical points of view. Burton wrote that music and dance were critical in treating mental illness, especially melancholia.

Refugee Boy

Refugee Boy is a book written by Benjamin Zephaniah.

The whole story centers around the 14-year-old Alem Kelo. He is a boy born of an Ethiopian father and an Eritrean mother at a time when the two countries were at war with each other. His father takes him to London to be safe. There he has to fight for his status as a refugee. Alem and his father had to leave Ethiopia or die, so Alem's father (Mr Kelo) decides to leave Alem in England until there is peace. 

Soon after arriving in London, Officers from the council in charge of refugees told Alem that he was going to have a hearing in court. In the hearing, they took a photograph, fingerprints, and was questioned for hours.

Alem was sent to live in a care home for boys. He slept in a room with Stanley Burton. He also made a friend named Mustafa. Later, the caretakers decide to put Alem in a foster home with Mr and Mrs Fitzgerald and their daughter Ruth. At one point during his stay with the Fitzgeralds, he receives a letter from his father stating that Alem's mother was murdered.

Meanwhile, Alem had to appear in court several times to defend his application for refugee status. His father returned to England, because it had become very unsustainable in Ethiopia. He lived in a refugee center. Alem is sent to school, and is a studious boy who reads a lot. His school friends prepare a protest against the verdict of the court (which is to deport him back to Ethiopia). This made a big difference and Alem was even in the news. Immediately afterwards, though, his father is shot by an unknown person. This makes the court decide, finally, that Alem should stay in his foster home (the Fitzgerald family).


"Refugee Boy" was Benjamin Zephaniah's fifth book. It won the 2002 Portsmouth Book Award in the Longer Novel category. According to the opening to the book, the reason Zephaniah wrote the book is because he heard lots of different refugee stories and he combined the stories to create the book.

"Refugee Boy" has been adapted into a play that was directed by Gail McIntyre and designed by Emma Williams. The casting designer is Kay Magson and the playwright is Lemn Sissay. The play premiered in Leeds at the West Yorkshire Playhouse between 9 March 2013 and 30 March 2013.

California State Route 1

State Route 1 (SR 1) is a major north–south state highway that runs along most of the Pacific coastline of the U.S. state of California.

Highway 1 includes parts called Pacific Coast Highway (PCH), Cabrillo Highway, Shoreline Highway, or Coast Highway. Its southern end is at Interstate 5 (I-5) near Dana Point in Orange County. Its northern end is at U.S. Highway 101 (US 101) near Leggett in Mendocino County. Highway 1 also at times runs together with US 101, through a stretch in Ventura and Santa Barbara Counties, and across the Golden Gate Bridge.

The highway is famous for running along some of the most beautiful coastlines in the USA. This is why people sometimes call it an 'All-American Road'. In addition to its scenic route to attractions along the coast, it is also a major thoroughfare in the Greater Los Angeles Area, the San Francisco Bay Area, and several other coastal urban areas.

Spittal of Glenshee

The Spittal of Glenshee lies at the head of Glenshee in the highlands of eastern Perth and Kinross, Scotland where the confluence of many small streams flowing south out of the Grampians form the Shee Water. For centuries, there has been a hostel or inn at the site and, in modern times, the small village has become a centre for travel, tourism and winter sports in the region, sited at a bend on the A93 trunk road which leads from Blairgowrie north past the Spittal to the Glenshee Ski Centre and on to Braemar.

Inhabitation in the Neolithic period is indicated by a Megalithic standing stone behind the old kirk, and the "Four Poster stone circle" on a nearby mound.

When interest in ski mountaineering revived after the First World War and the Scottish Ski Club was resuscitated in 1929, they restarted weekly snow reports with reporters appointed at Lix Toll near Killin, Dalwhinnie, Braemar and the Spittal of Glenshee. The Dundee Ski Club used the "Spittal Hotel" as its meeting place, and pioneered improvements, setting up the first ski tows in Britain at Glenshee in December 1950. The hotel burnt down in 1959, but Spittal of Glenshee has continued to provide accommodation near to the slopes.

The village also provides a stopping place on the "Cateran Trail" waymarked long distance footpath which provides a 64-mile (103 km) circuit in the glens of Perthshire and Angus.

Improvised explosive device

An improvised explosive device (IED), more commonly known as roadside bomb, is a bomb that is constructed by people for other purposes than military action. Paramilitary groups often use such devices for terrorist activities. Unconventional warfare which is done by guerilla forces also uses such devices.

Ladies' Home Journal

The Ladies' Home Journal is an American women's magazine that is published through Meredith Corporation. The magazine first appeared in February 1883, and went on to eventually become one of the leading women's magazines in the United States during the 20th century. LHJ hit 1 million subscribers around 1907. It went quarterly in 2014.

Super Bowl XLVI

Super Bowl XLVI (Super Bowl 46) was an American football game between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion New York Giants and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion New England Patriots to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2011 season. The Giants defeated the Patriots by the score of 21–17. The game was played on February 5, 2012, at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, the first time that the Super Bowl was played in the state of Indiana.

This Super Bowl is a rematch of Super Bowl XLII, which was also won by New York 17-14 and when they stopped the Patriots perfect season. This time, the Patriots entered the Super Bowl with a regular season 13-3 record, yet they were still the top seed and the New York Giants were the 4th seed.

Carbene

A carbene is a molecule with a carbon atom that has two bonds and two other electrons that do not make any bonds. Since the carbon has only 6 electrons around it, it is quite reactive. The general formula can be written as R-(C:)-R'.

A carbene can be a "singlet" or a "triplet". In the first type, the two electrons that do not make bonds are like a lone pair. They both stay in the same orbital. In a triplet carbene instead, the two electron stay in different orbitals. Here they both have the same spin.

Carbenes can do many reactions. They can be both electrophiles and nucleophiles. They like doing addition reactions on double bonds. They are also found in cheletropic reactions.

Most carbenes are very unstable. However, some can exist for a long time. A famous example is Grubbs' catalyst, which was developed by Robert Grubbs. 

Thiol

A thiol is a molecule that has a R–SH group. Thiols are like alcohols with an oxygen atom changed with a sulfur one. They have often a very strong and bad smell. Thiols are added to natural gas so that people can smell it. This is because methane does not have a smell but can explode very easily.

Thiols are very easy to oxidize. They are also quite acidic, more than alcohols. When the proton is taken away by a base, the thiol can become a nucleophile. It can do reactions like nucleophilic substitution.

One of the natural amino acids, cysteine, has a thiol in its structure.

Orbital

Orbital means something related to an orbit. It might also mean:


Mario Party 2

Mario Party 2 is a party board video game for the Nintendo 64 console. It is the second game in the "Mario Party" series. It was published by Hudson Soft and published by Nintendo. It was released on December 17, 1999 in Japan, on January 24, 2000 in North America, and on November 6, 2000 in Europe. It was later re-released for the Nintendo Wii's Virtual Console in November and December 2010.

"Mario Party 2" is played like the first "Mario Party" game. Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars. Movement is done with the use of a dice block with the numbers one through ten. After all four players take their turns, a mini-game is played. The player who wins the mini-game wins coins. The winner is the player with the most stars at the end of the game. It introduces the item system. Players can buy items by going into an item shop. Items can also be gotten through an item mini-game. Item mini-games are done when a player lands on an Item Space. Players can hold one item at a time. Also introduced are battle mini-games. Battle mini-games are done when a player lands on a Battle Space. Before playing the mini-game, a certain number of coins are taken from all players. The first place player gets 70 percent of the total coins, while the second place player gets 30 percent. The other two players get nothing. Duel mini-games are introduced in this game. A Duel mini-game is played when a player uses the Dueling Glove item. The player chooses an opponent to play against and the number of coins they want to wager. The wager is taken from both players' coin totals. Whichever player wins gets the total coin amount. The Koopa Bank is also introduced in this game. When a player passes by the Bank Space, they have to pay five coins. If a player lands on the Bank Space, they get the total that was in the bank at the time.

Six boards are in the game. In every board but the last one, the characters wear costumes. The costume is themed around the board.

Váli (son of Odin)

In Norse mythology, Váli is a son of the god Odin and giantess Rindr. Váli's brothers are Thor, Baldr and Víðarr. When Baldr was killed, Váli killed the person who killed him. He grew to full adulthood in one day.

We don't know whether Norse people worshipped Váli as a god or whether he was only a character in the Poetic Edda.
He is also the god of flight. Anything that passes through the sky, whether man made or of nature is under his control. To symbolize this his cloak is made of raven feathers that when he spreads his arms looks like wings. Váli is fated to survive Ragnarök.

The Legend of Zelda: Collector's Edition

The Legend of Zelda: Collector's Edition is a 2003 compilation video game for the Nintendo GameCube game console. It includes four games from the "The Legend of Zelda" series as well as some bonus content.

In Japan, the "Collector's Edition" was available from the Club Nintendo catalog for 500 points. From March 18 to April 30, 2004, it was available for 150 points in combination with "Four Swords Adventures".

In North America, it was bundled with the Nintendo GameCube. The collection could also be obtained by subscribing or renewing a subscription to Nintendo Power, or by registering a GameCube and two or more of a selection of four games ("Mario Kart: Double Dash!!", "Mario Party 5", "Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga", and "1080° Avalanche").

In Europe, the game was initially part of the Nintendo GameCube "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!" Limited Edition Pak, a bundle which also included a GameCube, controller, and "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!". The collection was also made available via Club Nintendo for 4,500 stars, but only 1,000 copies were distributed in this way.

In the United Kingdom, the "Collector's Edition" was available to GameCube owners who mailed Nintendo proof of purchase of one of several selected GameCube games, including "The Wind Waker", "F-Zero GX", "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!", "1080° Avalanche", "Mario Party 5", and "Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem". Consumers could also send proof of purchase of two titles from the Player's Choice range to receive the game.

In the Netherlands the game was available as a gift for new subscribers to the now defunct Dutch gaming magazine [N]Gamer in mid to late 2004.

In Australia, the game was available as a bonus for purchasing two of six select games. In order to receive the collection, consumers had to send a form with personal details completed, the original receipts of the purchase of two of the qualifying games, and the barcode of both games. The promotion ran from March 19, 2004 to June 14, 2004. Eligible games were "Mario Golf: Toadstool Tour", "1080° Avalanche", "Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles", "Pokémon Channel", "Tak and the Power of Juju", and "Kirby Air Ride". The promotion was initially only going to run until May 31, 2004, but was later extended.


The bonus content includes several promotional videos (A.E. The Wind Waker special movie) and The Legend of Zelda retrospective.

Although the game mentions "sound irregularities" on the disc as a result of emulating Majora's Mask on the GameCube, no mention is made of the game freezing. This is a common issue encountered less often when not using the rumble function. The framerate of the Collector's Edition version of Majora's Mask is also lower than the 20 FPS framerate of the original game. The problems could be caused due to the game's reliance on the Expansion Pack. Majora's Mask also presents a high number of graphical issues, such as the blur effect commonly used during cutscenes either not disappear or not loading entirely. As Ocarina of Time does not use the Expansion Pack used by Majora's Mask, less problems occur. It, however, does experience some minor emulation issues, such as lens flares and other special effects not appearing. Both games also experience another issue. Under normal circumstances, opening the inventory menu will capture the screen and add it to memory before opening the menu so it can appear on top of the game screen. Emulators have difficulty adding this image to the memory, thus, the game will appear to freeze for a couple of seconds before the menu opens up. While this image is being removed from memory as the menu is closed, the game also freezes for a short time.

Stuart Freeborn

Stuart Freeborn (September 5, 1914 – February 5, 2013) was a British make-up artist. He was known for his works in "Star Wars" and for Stanley Kubrick's "". He had designed the make-up for Yoda.

Freeborn was born on September 5, 1914 in Leytonstone, London, England. He was married to Kay Freeborn until her death in 2012. They had three children, all who died before him. Freeborn died on February 5, 2013 in his home in London, England from natural causes, aged 98.


Edgar de Evia

Edgar Domingo Evia y Joutard (July 30, 1910 – February 10, 2003) was a Mexican-born American photographer. He took photos for Town & Country, House & Garden, Look, and The New York Times Magazine.

Evia was born on July 30, 1910 in Mérida, Yucatán. His father was Mexican, and his mother was French. In 1912, his family immigrated to New York City. Evia was partners with Robert Denning from the 1950s until the 1960s. Then he was partners with David McJonathan-Swarm from 1966 until his death in 2003. Evia died in New York City, New York on February 10, 2003 from pneumonia after a broken hip, aged 92.


Peter Gilmore

Peter Gilmore (August 25, 1931 – February 3, 2013) was a British actor. He was known for his roles in "Warlords of Atlantis", "The Onedin Line", and in "Oh! What A Lovely War".

Gilmore was born on August 25, 1931 in Leipzig, Germany to British parents. He was raised in North Riding of Yorkshire. He was married to Una Stubbs from 1958 until they divorced in 1969. Then he was married to Jan Waters from 1970 until they divorced in 1976. Then he was married to Anne Stallybrass from 1987 until his death in 2013. He had a son with Stubbs. Gilmore died on February 3, 2013 in his home in London, England, aged 81. He is not related to British actress Susan Gilmore.


La Serena, Chile

La Serena is a Chilean city, the capital of the Coquimbo Region and the Elqui Province. In the INE 2002 census, the city had 160,148 people.


Echuca

Echuca ( ) is a city on the banks of the Murray River and Campaspe River in Victoria, Australia. On the other bank of the Murray is the New South Wales town of Moama. Echuca is the administrative centre and largest town in the Shire of Campaspe. In 2011 there were 13,708 people living in Echuca.

"Echuca" is an Aboriginal word meaning "Meeting of the Waters". Echuca is close to the junction of the Goulburn, Campaspe and Murray Rivers. It is the closest point of the Murray to Melbourne. This meant it developed as a river port during the 19th century.

Division of Wannon

The Division of Wannon is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. 

It is in the south-west of the state, and includes much of the western part of Victoria. It is next to the South Australian border in the west, and the Bass Strait coast in the south. The Division includes the towns of Warnambool, Portland, Ararat, Hamilton, Stawell and Halls Gap. The Grampians and the Port Campbell National Parks are in the Division. Maryborough and Avoca will become part of Wannon at the 2013 federal election after changes that took place on December 24, 2010. 

The Division was one of the 75 divisions drawn up for the first federal election in 1901. It was named after the Wannon River, which had been named by Major Mitchell in 1836. 

For the first 50 years the division was held by both the Australian Labor Party and the conservative parties. However, changes in 1955 removed most of the seat's Labor-friendly territory, and it has been a safe Liberal seat since then. The seat was held by former Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser.



Pencil sharpener

A pencil sharpener is a machine for making a point at the end of a pencil sharp enough so you can use it.

Eritrean–Ethiopian War

The Eritrean–Ethiopian War was a war between Ethiopia and Eritrea. It lasted from May 1998 to June 2000. Both countries spent hundreds of millions of dollars on the war, and tens of thousands of people were killed by the conflict. The war resulted in small changes to the border between the two countries.

Eritrea's war of independence lasted for 30 years, on and off; it was started in 1961 and finished in 1991 when Eritrea finally became independent. While this was going on, there was also a civil war in Ethiopia, which began in 1975. This war was started by Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF) as a rebellion to overthrow the Marxist military dictatorship of Derg (a military committee that had overthrown Emperor Haile Selassie in 1974). TPLF and the Eritrean People's Liberation Front were formidable allies during the civil war, but then Ethiopia and Eritrea could not agree on where the border was after Eritrea's independence. One of the main areas of conflict was focused on Badme.

The war took place from May 1998 to June 2000. It become one of the most violent wars in Africa. Ethiopia and Eritrea are some of the poorest countries in the world, but hundreds of millions of dollars were spent on the wars. Tens of thousands of people were killed in the conflicts.

The fighting quickly increased to using artillery and tanks. On 5 June 1998, the Ethiopians launched air attacks on the airport in Asmara and the Eritreans retaliated by attacking the airport of Mekele. These raids caused civilian casualties and deaths on both sides of the border. The United Nations Security Council adopted Resolution 1177 condemning the use of force and welcomed statements from both sides to end the air strikes.

The border dispute was settled on 13 April 2002, when an international court heard the case and made a decision. It was decided that the area around Badme belonged to Eritrea. This area, however, was occupied by Ethiopian forces. On 10 December 2005, Ethiopia announced that it was withdrawing some of its forces from the border. As of 2013, Ethiopia still occupies Badme.

Whatever

The term whatever is American slang. It means "whatever you say" or "I do not care what you say". It is used to dismiss something someone else has said. In the late 20th and early 21st century, the word became a sentence in its own right. The character Archie Bunker, from the show "All in the Family", used the phrase often to dismiss his wife Edith in the 1970s. It was strongly prevalent among teenagers in the 1980s and 1990s. 

Division of Wills

The Division of Wills is an Australian Electoral Division of Victoria. 

The division includes the northern Melbourne suburbs of Brunswick, Coburg, Pascoe Vale, Fawkner, Glenroy, and Essendon Airport. It was named after William John Wills, of the Burke and Wills expedition.

Wills has been one of the safest Labor seats in the country. It has been held by Labor except between the 1992 by-election and the 1996 federal election. During this time it was held by independent Phil Cleary. The seat was held by Prime Minister Bob Hawke.

The 1992 by-election is remarkable for a number of reasons. It was caused by Bob Hawke's retirement from parliament. A record 22 people stood for election. It was won by an independent, Phil Cleary. However he was on unpaid leave from the state education system and the Australian Constitution forbids people employed by the government from standing for election. No replacement by-election was held as the court decision which threw out the results was made shortly before a general election was due.



The Mall, London

The Mall is a short but important road in London. It runs from Buckingham Palace at its western end to Whitehall, right near Trafalgar Square. On the way, it runs through Admiralty Arch. It is closed to traffic on Sundays and public holidays, and on ceremonial occasions. 

The Mall was built as a ceremonial route in the early 20th century. There are similar ceremonial routes in cities such as Berlin, Mexico City, Oslo, Paris, Saint Petersburg, Vienna and Washington, D.C.. These routes are often used for major national ceremonies. When the Mall was built, a new façade (front face) was constructed for Buckingham Palace, and the Victoria Memorial was erected. 

The Queen Victoria Memorial is in front of the gates of the Palace, whilst Admiralty Arch at the far end leads into Trafalgar Square. The length of The Mall from where it joins Constitution Hill at the Victoria Memorial end to Admiralty Arch is exactly . St. James's Park is on the south side of The Mall, opposite Green Park and St James's Palace, on the north side. Running off The Mall at its eastern end is Horse Guards Parade, where the Trooping the Colour ceremony is held.

The surface of The Mall is coloured red to give the effect of a giant red carpet leading up to Buckingham Palace. This colour was obtained using synthetic iron oxide pigment from Deanshanger Oxide Works (Deanox), which was created using the Deanox Process devised by chemist Ernest Lovell. 

On VE Day – 8 May 1945 – the Palace was the centre of British celebrations. The King, Queen and Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret were on the balcony behind them, to the cheers from a vast crowd on The Mall.

During state visits, the monarch and the visiting head of state are escorted in a state carriage up The Mall, and the street is decorated with Union Flags and the flags of the visiting head of state's country. During the Golden Jubilee celebrations of Queen Elizabeth II in 2002, over one million people packed The Mall to watch the public displays and the appearance of the Royal Family on the palace balcony. These scenes were repeated in 2011 for the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton, and again in 2012 for the Queen's Diamond Jubilee, and the Diamond Jubilee concert.

Innamincka, South Australia

Innamincka is a very small town in north-east South Australia. It is 1065 km northeast of Adelaide and 459 km from Lyndhurst up the Strzelecki Track. It is on the banks of Cooper Creek in the state's Channel Country, and surrounded by the Strzelecki, Tirari and Sturt Stony Deserts. It is within Innamincka Regional Reserve. In 2006 there were 131 people living in the town.

The area was the traditional home of the Yandruwandha, Aborigines. The first European to visit the area was Charles Sturt in 1845. He was followed by A C Gregory in 1858 and then Burke and Wills. A monument to Sturt, Burke and Wills was built in Innamincka in 1944.

In 1882 a police camp was set up and a small settlement followed. From 7 April 1889, a Royal Mail coach ran fortnightly from Farina, operated by merchants Davey and Pilkington. The town was first named Hopetoun after the Governor of Victoria, the Earl of Hopetoun but it was never popular with locals. The town was never very large, but had a hotel, a store and a police station. Until 1901 the police station was also the customs post for collecting duties on cattle brought overland from Queensland into South Australia. In 1928 the Australian Inland Mission built a hospital here, the Elizabeth Symon Nursing Home. Severe drought and poor access to the settlement resulted in the hotel and hospital closing. In 1951 the police post closed and the town was abandoned.

Increased tourism and discovery of gas and oil in the late 1960s led to the formation of "Cooper Creek Hotel Motel Pty Ltd". The company opened a hotel, a store and accommodation in the abandoned town. In 1994 the Elizabeth Symon Nursing Home was restored by Dick Smith and "Australian Geographic" and used as a visitor centre for South Australian Parks and Wildlife. 

The town common, on the banks of the Cooper, is popular with campers, as are the town's public coin-in-slot toilets and showers.

The Burke and Wills expedition passed through this area on their journey across Australia from Melbourne to the Gulf of Carpentaria. They set up a camp on Cooper Creek at Camp LXV, their 65th camp since leaving Melbourne. This camp is also known as The Dig Tree. Members of the expedition camped at the Dig Tree from 6 December 1860 to 21 April 1861.

The Victorian Contingent Party under Alfred Howitt was sent by the Victorian government to find the expedition. Howitt found the remains of both leaders, Robert O'Hara Burke and William John Wills and buried them close to the site of Innamincka. He also found the only survivor, John King on the 15 September 1861. King was living with and being cared for by the Yandruwandha aboriginals. 

Howitt returned to the area in 1862 as leader of the Victorian Exploring Party. He set up a depot camp at Cullyamurra Waterhole before digging up the bodies of Burke and Wills and taking them to Melbourne for a State Funeral. 

The site of Wills' grave and King's site are on Cooper Creek downstream of Innamincka. Burke's grave, Howitt's camp and the Dig Tree are on Cooper Creek upstream of Innamincka.


Sankoo

Sankoo () is a town in Ladakh, India. It is south of the town of Kargil, and is a sub-district of the Kargil District.

Super Bowl XLV

Super Bowl XLV was an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Pittsburgh Steelers and the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Green Bay Packers to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2010 season. The Packers defeated the Steelers by the score of 31–25. The game was played on February 6, 2011, at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas, the first time the Super Bowl was played in the Dallas–Fort Worth area.

Oxford Street

Oxford Street is a major road in the City of Westminster in the West End of London. It is Europe's busiest shopping street, and has about 300 shops.

Oxford Street was named Oxford street in 1729 and its 1.5 miles long. 

The street forms part of the A40 road, which connects London to Oxford. Like many roads in central London which are no longer through routes it is not signposted with the road number.

Roughly halfway along Oxford Street is Oxford Circus, a busy intersection with Regent Street. A diagonal crossing at Oxford Circus opened in 2009, currently the only one of its kind in central London.

Oxford Circus

Oxford Circus is the busy intersection of Oxford Street and Regent Street in the West End of London. It is served by Oxford Circus tube station, which is directly beneath the junction itself.

The Circus was constructed in the beginning of the 19th century, and was designed by John Nash.

In 2009, Westminster City Council started a £4m scheme for the area, allowing shoppers to cross the intersection diagonally as well as the usual 'straight ahead', turning it into a "pedestrian scramble", much like Tokyo's Shibuya crossing. 

The crossing opened on November 2nd of the same year, by which time the cost had risen to £5 million. The Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, said it was "a triumph for British engineering, Japanese innovation and good old common sense". Others noted that a similar crossing in Balham, South London had opened in 2005 at a cost of only £98,000.

Cold Stone Creamery

The Cold Stone Creamery is an American ice cream network based out of Arizona. Its main products are pies, premium ice cream, smoothies and ice cream cakes. This ice cream group, since 2008, has co-branded certain locations along with other chains in attempts to increase its presence outside the United States.

Max Schmitt in a Single Scull

Max Schmitt in a Single Scull is an oil painting by Thomas Eakins. It was painted in 1871. The picture measures 32.6 x 46.3 cm. It hangs in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The painting sets on the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Lake Karachay

Lake Karachay is a small lake in the Ural Mountains. It lies in Chelyabinsk Oblast, near the town of Ozyorsk. Ozyork was a closed city; the people who worked there built Russia's first nuclear power plant, at Mayak. The lake was used to dump radioactive waste that resulted from operating the Mayak site, from about 1951. This waste had been dumped into the Techa River beforehand. From about 1956, it was also stored in tanks.

The lake is near Mayak, which is the name of a number of nuclear facilities, about 150 kilometres (93 miles) from Ekaterinburg in Russia.

Hobart Brown

Hobart Ray Brown (February 27, 1934 – November 7, 2007) was an American sculptor. He was known for finding the Kinetic Sculpture Race in 1969.

Brown was born on February 27, 1934 in Hess, Oklahoma. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Brown studied at Van Nuys High School, just a few classes from Marilyn Monroe. He was divorced two times. Brown had four children. Brown had a stroke in May 2007. Brown died on November 7, 2007 from pneumonia in Redwood City, California, aged 73.


Roberto Cabral del Hoyo

Roberto Cabral del Hoyo (August 7, 1913 – October 4, 1999) was a Mexican poet, historian, and writer. He was known for his written works "Filly Pearl", "To My Roots of the Earth", "Three", "Against the Dark Wind", and "Word".

Hoyo was born on August 7, 1913 in Zacatecas, Zacatecas, Mexico. He was never married and had no children. Hoyo died on October 4, 1999 from pneumonia in his hometown and were he lived in Zacatecas, Mexico, aged 86.

Santa Barbara, California

Santa Barbara, California is the county seat of Santa Barbara County, California, United States. As of 2020, 88,665 people lived there. It is the second largest county seat in the country, just after Santa Maria, California. Helene Schneider is the mayor.


Santa Maria, California

Santa Maria is a city in Santa Barbara County, in Southern California. In 2020, about 109,707 people lived there. Alice Patino is the mayor.

Otavalo

Otavalo is the capital of Otavalo Canton, is a large busy town in the Imbabura Province of Ecuador. The town has about 90,000 citizens and is surrounded by mountains and volcanoes such as Imbabura 4,630m, Cotacachi 4,995m, and the Mojanda volcanoes.

The indigenous Otavalo people are famous for weaving textiles, usually made of wool, which are sold at the Saturday market called "Plaza de los Ponchos". The shops sell textiles such as handmade blankets, tablecloths, and much more. The Otavalo market is made of mushroom-shaped concrete umbrellas with benches. The market dates back to the 1870s and is one of the largest outdoor markets in South America.

The city also has El Parque Bolívar, a large park in the central square of Otavalo. Sometimes it is called Parque Central as well. It is surrounded by the city's government building and Iglesia de San Luís, a church with an octagonal clocktower. The church was originally built 1676–79. 

The railway station is in the southern part of the town center behind Copacabana Market, 2,532 metres (8,307 ft) above sea level. 

Ibarra, Ecuador

Ibarra (full name San Miguel de Ibarra) is a city in northern Ecuador and the capital of the Imbabura Province. It lies at the foot of the Imbabura Volcano and on the left bank of the Tahuando river. It is about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northeast of Ecuador's capital Quito. Ibarra was founded in 1606.

North–South divide

The North–South divide is a term often used in the geography of socio-economics. It describes a difference in economic development between the north and south of the world. The North is made up of mostly developed countries in the Northern Hemisphere – those of Europe and North America. The South is made up of mostly developing and undeveloped countries – those in Africa, Latin America, and Asia. Many of them are in the Southern Hemisphere. The North is home to four of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council and all members of the G8.


Shipbuilding

Shipbuilding refers to the manufacturing of ships. In the past many ships were built in places like Glasgow and Sunderland but in the 21st century this industry is not big in the United Kingdom and most ships are built in South Korea and China. Japan once built the most ships but is now in 3rd place.


Saikai, Nagasaki

Saikai is a city in Nagasaki Prefecture Japan, formed in 2005 from the merger of several smaller towns including Oshima.

Tina Majorino

Albertina Marie "Tina" Majorino (February 7, 1985) is an American movie and television actress. She started acting as a child. She acted in the movies "Waterworld" and "Napoleon Dynamite". On television, she acted in the series "Big Love", "Veronica Mars" and "True Blood". She was also in the animated television version of "Napoleon Dynamite". She has a recurring role on the series "Bones". In 2012, Majorino joined the cast of "Grey's Anatomy". Her acting was begun around 1992. She was born in Westlake, California.

Sônia Braga

Sônia Braga (born June 8, 1950) is a Brazilian and American actress. She acts mostly in movies. She starred in "The Rookie" and "Moon over Parador". She has also been in a few television programs, including "". She is the aunt of the Brazilian actress Alice Braga.

Acton

Acton may refer to:




Acton, London

Acton is a district of west London. It is in the London Borough of Ealing.

Trading Mom

Trading Mom (also released as "The Mommy Market") is a 1994 fantasy/comedy movie written and directed by Tia Brelis. Starring Sissy Spacek and Anna Chlumsky, it features the final acting role of André the Giant, who died a year before the movie was released.

Elizabeth, Jeremy, and Harry Martin are three children who have had up to the edge with their mother, a nagging workaholic. Soon, they meet a mysterious gardener named Mrs. Cavour, who tells the siblings of an ancient spell that will make their mother disappear. After saying the incantation one night, the next morning, their mother has disappeared along with their memories of her. Mrs. Cavour tells the children of a place in town called the Mommy Market, where they have about every kind of mother one can think of. The Mommy Market has a policy, however, that one receives three tokens to take one of the mothers home, and if the children do not find a suitable mother by their third token, they could not return. Unfortunately for the children, the mothers they pick, a snappy French woman, a nature-hiker, and a circus performer, do not sit well with the kids, now feeling lost without a guardian to look after them. They want their own mother and try to remember something about her to break the spell.

Langlands program

The Langlands Program is a branch of algebraic number theory. It is a more complicated version of class field theory.

Thioester

A thioester is a molecule with a group C-S-CO-C. They are like esters, but with a sulfur atom instead of an oxygen one. Like esters, they can be made from carboxylic acids. In the synthesis, a thiol is used instead of an alcohol. 

Thioesters are very important in biochemistry. They are made in the body during reactions that make fatty acids. They are also important intermediates in the production of ATP, which is the molecule that gives energy to the body.

In chemistry, thioesters can be also used as electrophiles. They are more reactive than esters and amides. They can also do aldol reactions.

Sulfone

A sulfone is a molecule that has a sulfur atom with bonds to two oxygen atoms. The sulfur has two double bonds to the two oxygens. It has a single bond with the other two groups. They are usually made by oxidising thioethers.

They are used in many important chemical reactions. For example, the Julia olefination uses a sulfone to make an alkene from an aldehyde. They are also sometimes used as solvents.

John Kerr (actor)

John Grinham Kerr (November 15, 1931 – February 2, 2013) was an American actor and lawyer. As an actor. he worked in movies, television and on stage. He won a Tony Award in 1954.

Kerr was born on November 15, 1931 in New York City, New York. His parents were British actor Geoffrey Kerr and American actress June Walker. He studied at Phillips Exeter Academy and at Harvard University.

Kerr had a major role in the movie version of Rodgers and Hammerstein's "South Pacific" (1958), playing Lt. Joe Cable, the newly arrived marine about to be sent on a dangerous spy mission.

In "The Crowded Sky" (1960), Kerr played a pilot who helps the Captain (Dana Andrews) steer a crippled airliner back to earth. Another movie appearance was in Roger Corman's "The Pit and the Pendulum" (1961). In 1963, Kerr had a continuing role on "Arrest and Trial", playing Assistant DA Barry Pine.

Kerr was married to Priscilla Smith from 1952 until they divorced in 1972. Then he was married to Barbara Chu from 1979 until his death in 2013. He had three children with Smith.

Kerr died on February 2, 2013 in Pasadena, California from heart failure, aged 81.


Krsto Papić

Krsto Papić (December 7, 1933 – February 7, 2013) was a Croatian screenwriter and movie director. His career lasted for almost 50 years. He retired in 2012. He was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1989.

Papić was born on December 7, 1933 in Vučji Do, near Nikšić, Kingdom of Yugoslavia. Papić died on February 7, 2013 from stomach cancer in Zagreb, Croatia, aged 79.

Thioether

A thioether is a molecule with the group R-S-R. The first atom in R is a carbon. Thioether take their name from ethers. They have a sulfur instead of an oxygen atom between the two R. Thioethers can have very bad smells like thiols. They can also be called sulfides. The C-S-C bond is at nearly 90 degrees.

Thioethers are important in biology. They are present in some amino acids. Petroleum has many thioethers in it as well. Thioethers can be made in the laboratory by the reaction of a thiol with a base and an electrophile. They can do many interesting reactions. It is easy to oxidise them to sulfoxides and then sulfones. 

Dimethyl sulfide is the simplest thioether. It is used in important reactions like the Swern oxidation. This makes aldehydes starting from alcohols.

Limbic system

The limbic system is a group of structures in the brain. These structures cover both sides of the thalamus, right under the cerebrum. It is not a separate system, but a collection of structures from the cerebrum, diencephalon, and midbrain. These structures include the hippocampus, amygdala, hypothalamus, cingulate gyrus, nucleus accumbens and part of the thalamus. It supports many different functions, including emotion, behaviour, motivation, long-term memory, and olfaction.

Collins, Mississippi

Collins is a city in Covington County, Mississippi. In 2020, 2,342 people lived there. Actor Gerald McRaney was born there. 52% of the people are African American and only 40% are white.

Albus Dumbledore

Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore is a fictional character of the "Harry Potter" series. He was the headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry until his death in 1996. He first found Harry when he was a little boy and since then they developed a relationship. In the "Harry Potter" movies he is played first by Richard Harris, and then by Michael Gambon after Harris died, and a younger version of the character was played by Jude Law. He had two siblings, Aberforth Dumbledore and Ariana Dumbledore.

Dumbledore is killed by Severus Snape in the sixth book/movie, after Draco Malfoy failed to do so. However, his character's backstory is explored in the last book of the series. His death would lead to the final battle between Harry Potter and Voldemort.

Though it is never mentioned in any of the books, the author announced publicly that Dumbledore is gay.

Barney Martin

Barney Martin (March 3, 1923 – March 21, 2005) was an American actor and comedian. He is best known for playing Morty Seinfeld, father of Jerry, on the famous sitcom "Seinfeld".

Martin was born on March 3, 1923 in Queens, New York to an Irish-Catholic family. Martin died on March 21, 2005 in his home in Studio City, California from lung cancer, aged 82.


Lizzie Velasquez

Elizabeth Anne Velásquez (; born March 13, 1989) is an American woman whose rare medical condition has led her to become an author and public speaker.

She was born on 13 March 1989. Her age was reported as 23 in September 2012, a time when she was near to finishing college from Texas State University majoring in communication studies. Her birth weight was only 2 pounds 11 ounces. She was raised by her mother Rita and father Guadalupe as their first child.She 2 younger sisters. She is from Austin, Texas.

Only two other people in the world are known to have the condition she is living with. The oldest woman is called Amanda and lives in England, and the youngest Abigail in the same city as Lizzie (Austin,Texas). Lizzie has no body fat, and weighs only 61 pounds. She is blind in her right eye, and has limited vision in the left eye. Her condition is like some others, especially progeria. She has some symptoms seen in progeria, like the pointy nose and aging skin, but she has more medical problems as well but it is not expected to cause her to die. Doctors and experts at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center have named it as a neonatal progeroid syndrome (NPS) which has allowed her healthy bones, organs and teeth. She should be able to bear her own children who will not live with any of the conditions she has.

At times she was left out and/or insulted by her peers, and has grown up to experience online bullying. Very often she has been stared at in public. It has not always been easy for her to deal with it. She wants people to know about her condition, and her motto is "Stop Staring, Start Learning." 

She has spoken at over 200 events as a motivational speaker, something she enjoys and wants to continue to do.

The first book she wrote was her own life story up to 2010. Her mother and Cynthia Lee were its co-writers.

Her second book, "Be Beautiful, Be You" came out in September 2012. It urges people to learn that it is not appearance which matters the most, and that people should love themselves for who they are.


Mary Steenburgen

Mary Nell Steenburgen (born February 8, 1953) is an American Golden Globe and Academy Award winning actress. She has starred in a lot of notable movies. Steenburgen was born in Arkansas.

Mexican Mafia

The Mexican Mafia is a Mexican American crime organization. The Mexican mafia did not start in Mexico but in the United States. 

Rockefeller University

The Rockefeller University is an American private university in New York City. It does research and offers postgraduate and postdoctoral education. It conducts research mainly in biological sciences and medical science, and has produced or attracted many Nobel laureates.

The Rockefeller University is on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, between 63rd and 68th Streets along York Avenue.

A number of important journals are published by the Rockefeller University Press: the "Journal of Experimental Medicine", the "Journal of Cell Biology", and "The Journal of General Physiology".

Fostering an interdisciplinary atmosphere among its 73 laboratories, a faculty member is assigned to one of only six interconnecting research areas.



Russian mafia

The term Russian mafia represents various crime groups all across the former Soviet Union. They are not a single criminal club, though they represent similar goals and structures which define them. Organized crime in Russia began during early 1700s with thievery and banditry. Nowadays, close to six thousand different groups operate, 200 of which have global reach.

Curator

A curator or keeper looks after collections. It may be a private activity, but usually they look after the collections of a cultural heritage institution. Art galleries, museums, libraries or archives have curators. Zoos have zookeepers and underkeepers.

Curators are subject-matter experts who act as managers. It is an official job description in institutions which have collections. The curator's work involves objects of some kind, such as artwork, collectibles, historic items or scientific collections. Curators in zoos are usually called 'keepers', but it is the same idea.

The word curator comes from the Latin word "curare", meaning to look after. 

Amber Valletta

Amber Valletta (February 9, 1974, Phoenix, Arizona) is an American movie and television program actress and model. She started as a model for fashion agencies. She appeared in movies including "Hitch" (2005), "The Spy Next Door" and the television series "Revenge". Her acting career began around 1993.

Bazargan

Bazargan (; also Romanized as Bāzargān, Bāzarqān, and Bāzergān) is a city in Iran. It is the capital of Bazargan District, in Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province. At the 2006 census, its population was 9,047, in 2,126 families.


Economics of fascism

The term economics of fascism refers to the economic systems that are used by fascist regimes. In general, Fascist regimes wanted to exert strong control over the economy, but also defend private property. The first cases of dirigisme happened in France. One of the first such movements is known as Colbertisme, after Jean-Baptiste Colbert (1619-1683). Colbert was the chief minister of finances of King Louis XIV of France. The ideas of Social Darwinism had a strong influence on Fascist regimes: Some people and enterprises did better than others; those that did better needed the support of the state, those that did not do as well, needed to be eradicated. Since most Fascist regimes were also influenced by racist ideas, the general tendency was to support the companies of the people of the "better" race. Gaetano Salvemini, an Italian historian said in 1936 that fascism made taxpayers responsible to private enterprise, because "the State pays for the blunders of private enterprise... Profit is private and individual. Loss is public and social." Fascist governments encouraged the pursuit of private profit and offered many benefits to large businesses, but they demanded in return that all economic activity should serve the national interest.

Social work

Social work is work done for the welfare of the society. A social worker is a trained person who is paid to manage problems in society.

Social workers are employed to organise welfare and social care for people who cannot help themselves.

Training includes anthropology, economics, education, law, medicine, philosophy, politics, psychology, sociology and science.

Over time, social work has changed. It was mostly a religious and charitable practice. Now it is more professional. It is less a private and volunteer activity and more a publicly funded, paid occupation.

Social workers may do any of these things:


Social workers often have a lot of work and pressure to solve problems. It is a demanding job where people have occupational burnout. Social workers will have cases of homelessness, chronic unemployment, lack of income, lack of health insurance coverage, prison history, and substance abuse problems. Any of these problems, separately and together, can cause difficulty. 


Mario Party 3

Mario Party 3 is a party board video game for the Nintendo 64 console. It is the third game in the "Mario Party" series. It is the last "Mario Party" game for the Nintendo 64. It was made by Hudson Soft and published by Nintendo. It was released on December 7, 2000 in Japan, on May 7, 2001 in North America, and on September 3, 2001 in Europe.

"Mario Party 3" plays like the first two "Mario Party" games. Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars. Movement is done with the use of a dice block with the numbers one through ten. After all four players take their turns, a mini-game is played. The player who wins the mini-game wins coins. The winner is the player with the most stars at the end of the game. A new element in this game is the Game Guy Space. If a player lands on this space, they must pay all of their coins to play a mini-game. If successful, the player's coins will be doubled (or more, depending on the outcome). If the player fails, they lose all of their coins. This is the only "Mario Party" game this space appears in. Also, the player may now hold up to three items at a time. Six boards are available. The last one must be unlocked in Story Mode.

A new feature in this game are duel boards. Here, the player faces another player in a one-on-one duel on a board. Both players have up to two partners they can use. Twelve partners are available to use. The object is to decrease the other player's health to zero. There are six duel boards available. Duel boards are played after party boards in Story Mode. In Story Mode, the player gets a stamp for winning.

Eight characters are playable in this game. Two characters, Waluigi and Princess Daisy, make their first playable appearances in this game.

United States Minor Outlying Islands

The United States Minor Outlying Islands are nine island territories of the United States. They are Baker Island, Howland Island, Jarvis Island, Johnston Atoll, Kingman Reef, Midway Atoll, Palmyra Atoll and Wake Island in the Pacific Ocean; and Navassa Island in the Caribbean Sea. The islands are grouped together for statistical reasons. They are not administered together.

As of 2008, none of the islands have any people living there permanently. The only human population consists of temporary scientific and military personnel. The 2000 census counted 315 people on Johnston Atoll and 1 person on Wake Island. There has been no modern indigenous population, except at the 1940 census. In 1936, a colonization scheme began to settle Americans on Baker, Howland and Jarvis, but all three islands were evacuated in 1942 because of World War II.

The islands are all together represented by the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code UM. The ISO introduced the term "United States Minor Outlying Islands" in 1986. From 1974 until 1986, five of the islands (Baker Island, Howland Island, Jarvis Island, Palmyra Atoll and Kingman Reef) were grouped under the term "United States Miscellaneous Pacific Islands", with ISO 3166 code PU. The code of Midway Atoll was MI, the code of Johnston Atoll was JT, and the code of Wake Island was WK. The Pacific islands are surrounded by large Exclusive Economic Zones.

The following is a list of island airports with ICAO (IATA) codes:


Three of the islands have ports listed in the World Port Index, with World Port Number:


Baker Island, Howland Island and Jarvis Island have a small boat landing place on each. Kingman Reef and Navassa Island have offshore anchorage only.


Mitchell Ryan

Mitchell "Mitch" Ryan (January 11, 1934 – March 4, 2022) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as Burke Devlin in "Dark Shadows", Edward Montgomery in "Dharma & Greg" and as Dr. Terence Wynn in "". He also played the villain General Peter McAllister in "Lethal Weapon".

Ryan was born on January 11, 1934 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was raised in Louisville, Kentucky. He was married to Lynda Morse from 1972 until they divorced. They had three children. 

Ryan died on March 4, 2022 at his home in Los Angeles, California from congestive heart failure, aged 88.


Shamrock

Shamrocks are the young sprigs of clover or trefoil. The shamrock is a symbol of Ireland. According to a legend, Saint Patrick used it to illustrate the doctrine of the Holy Trinity. The name "shamrock" is derived from Irish '. This is the diminutive version of the Irish word for clover (') meaning simply ""little clover"" or ""young clover"". Sometimes other three-leafed plants are called shamrocks. The shamrock can be used for its medicinal properties. It was used as a motif in Victorian days. Around March 17 (Saint Patrick's Day) small pots of shamrocks are sold. Some people wear sprigs of shamrock in a buttonhole on the holiday.

John J. B. Wilson

John J. B. Wilson (born May 24, 1954) is an American copywriter and publicist. He is the founder of the Golden Raspberry Awards. He written many books about how he founded the "Razzie Awards".

Wilson was born on May 24, 1954 in Chicago, Illinois. He was raised in Santa Monica, California and in Los Angeles, California. Wilson studied at the University of California, Los Angeles. He is married to Barbara Wilson. They have a son. He now lives in Cerritos, California.

Sulfoxide

A sulfoxide is a molecule that has a sulfur atom bonded to two carbons and one oxygen atom. It comes from oxidising thioethers, without going all the way to the sulfone. Like many molecules containing sulfur, sulfoxide can sometimes smell a lot.

Sulfoxides can be written with the general formula R–S(=O)–R'. Sulfur has a double bond with the oxygen, and single bonds with the carbons. That leaves a lone pair on the atom. This means that the shape at that atom is tetrahedral. It also means that the sulfur can be a chiral centre. Sulfoxides are used as good ligands for transition metals.

An important molecule of this kind is dimethyl sulfoxide. It is also called DMSO. It is used as a solvent for many reactions, especially in biochemistry.

Olly Murs

Olly Murs (born 14 May 1984) is an English singer. He comes from Witham, Essex. He became famous after he finished second in The X Factor in 2009.

In August 2010, his first single "Please Don't Let Me Go" came top of the record charts in the UK. After that, he had another three songs that went to number one: "Heart Skips a Beat", "Dance With Me Tonight" and "Troublemaker" (with Flo Rida). He has also made three albums, which all did well in the UK charts. His label is Epic Records.

He is co-host of the X Factor along with Caroline Flack. They took over from Dermot o'Leary from 2015.


LaSalle Street

LaSalle Street is a major north-south street in Chicago named after Sieur de La Salle, an early explorer from Illinois. The section that runs through the Chicago Loop is thought to be Chicago's financial district. The Chicago Board of Trade Building is in the north part of the street. The street is a good spot for movies because of the location of the Trade Building. The street also has many tall buildings.

Lake Shore Drive

Lake Shore Drive is a freeway-standard expressway in Chicago, Illinois. It runs along the shore of Lake Michigan. The highway passes Navy Pier all the through 875 North Michigan Avenue. The drive is a dangerous area during blizzards. The drive was named Leif Ericson Drive (after Leif Ericson) until it was renamed in 1946.


Navy Pier

Navy Pier is a pier on the Chicago shoreline of Lake Michigan. It is long. It is in the Streeterville neighborhood of the Near North Side community area. The pier was built in 1916. It cost $4.5 million. It was a part of the Plan of Chicago developed by architect and city planner Daniel Burnham and his partners. The pier has a tall Ferris wheel.


Daniel Burnham

Daniel Hudson Burnham (September 4, 1846 – June 1, 1912) was an American architect and urban designer. Burnham helped create buildings or streets in Washington, D.C., in New York City, and in his hometown of Chicago. He helped create Navy Pier.

Burnham was born on September 4, 1846 in Henderson, New York. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. He was rejected from Yale University and at Harvard University. Burnham was married to Margaret Sherman from 1876 until his death in 1912. They had two children. Burnham died on June 1, 1912 in Heidelberg, Germany from diabetes, aged 65. He was buried in Graceland Cemetery in Uptown, Chicago.


Barney Frank

Barnett "Barney" Frank (born March 31, 1940) is an American politician who served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1981 to 2013. A member of the Democratic Party, he served as chairman of the House Financial Services Committee (2007–2011). He was a leading co-sponsor of the 2010 Dodd–Frank Act, a sweeping reform of the U.S. financial industry. Frank, a resident of Newton, Massachusetts, is considered the most prominent openly gay politician in the United States. 

Frank was born on March 31, 1940 in Bayonne, New Jersey. He studied at Harvard University. He has been married to Jim Ready since 2012.

Barney's latest book is "Frank Barney Frank," a review of his personal and political career and a strong argument for empowering government to help people. 


Miranda Hart

Miranda Katharine Hart-Dyke (born 14 December 1972) is a British actress, writer and comedienne. She was born in Torquay, Devon. Her parents are Diana Margaret Luce and David Hart Dyke. Miranda grew up in Petersfield, Hampshire. She writes, produces and stars in the television sitcom "Miranda". Her other acting roles include: "Hyperdrive", "Not Going Out" and "Call the Midwife".

Neil Abercrombie

Neil Abercrombie (born June 26, 1938) is an American politician. He was the 7th Governor of Hawaii from December 2010 to December 2014. Previously he was the Democratic U.S. Representative of the First Congressional District of Hawaii, which comprises urban Honolulu.

He served in Congress from 1986 to 1987 and from 1991 to 2010, when he resigned to successfully run for governor. He has also served as a state legislator and member of the Honolulu City Council.

In August 2014, he was defeated in the Hawaii Democratic primary by state senator David Ige.

Abercrombie was born on June 26, 1938 in Buffalo, New York. He has Irish, English, and German ancestry. He studied at Union College and at the University of Hawaii, Manoa. He went to schools in Hawaii with the parents of Barack Obama. Abercrombie has been married to Nancie Caraway since 1981.


Mario Party 9

Mario Party 9 is a party board video game for the Nintendo Wii console. It is the 12th game in the "Mario Party" series. It was developed by Nd Cube and published by Nintendo. It is the second and last game for the Wii (the first being "Mario Party 8"). It was released on March 2, 2012 in Europe, on March 8, 2012 in Australia, on March 11, 2012 in North America, on April 26, 2012 in Japan, on June 29, 2012 in Hong Kong, and on April 11 2013 in South Korea.

In "Mario Party 9", players now move together on boards in a vehicle. The vehicle is themed around the board. Players no longer collect coins and stars. Instead, they collect Mini Stars. Mini Stars are collected by passing by a space with them. There are also spaces with Mini Ztars, which deduct a player's Mini Star amount. Mini-games are no longer played after the end of each turn. Instead, mini-games are played by landing on a mini-game space. At the end of a mini-game, players are ranked from first to last place. Players who earn high positions earn more Mini Stars.

Seven boards are available. One of the boards must be unlocked. Boards now take a straight path. A game ends when the players go around the board once. After a game ends, the players face off against a boss. Each board has a different boss.

Twelve characters are available to play as. Two of the characters must be unlocked in Solo Mode.


Phil Bruns

Phillip Bruns (May 2, 1931 – February 8, 2012) was an American actor and writer who was known for his role as George Shumway in "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman".

Bruns was born on May 2, 1931 in Pipestone, Minnesota. He was married to Laurie Franks from until his death in 2012. Bruns died on February 8, 2012 in Los Angeles, California from natural causes, aged 80.


Ron Leibman

Ron Leibman (October 11, 1937 – December 6, 2019) was an American actor and educator. He was known for his role as Dr. Leonard Green in the famous comedy sitcom "Friends". He won a Drama Desk Award in 1993, an Emmy Award in 1979, and an Tony Award in 1993 for his role as Roy Cohn in "Angels in America".

Leibman was born on October 11, 1937 in New York City, New York. He studied at Ohio Wesleyan University. Leibman was married to Linda Lavin from 1969 until they divorced in 1981. He was married to Jessica Walter from 1983 until 2019.

Leibman died from pneumonia-related problems in New York City on December 6, 2019, at age 82.


Will Keith Kellogg

Will Keith "W.K." Kellogg (April 7, 1860 – October 6, 1951) was an American industrialist in food manufacturing, best known as the founder of the Kellogg Company. His brother was John Harvey Kellogg.

Kellogg was born on April 7, 1860 in Battle Creek, Michigan. He was married to Ella Osborn Davis from 1880 until her death in 1912. They had five children. Then he was married to Carrie Staines from 1918 until her death in 1948. Kellogg died on October 6, 1951 in Battle Creek, Michigan from heart failure, aged 91.


History of mathematics

The history of mathematics is how mathematics has developed over time.
Early maths by Babylonians and Egyptians was built upon by Greeks such as Euclid, Archimedes, Pythagoras and Eratosthenes. Other important people are people such as Fibonacci, Descartes, Leonhard Euler, Blaise Pascal and Gauss.

Many mathematical problems have been proposed and solved. Andrew Wiles became famous by proving the Fermat's Last Theorem.

Some mathematical works had relation with the war. British mathematician Alan Turing created the Enigma machine to uncode Nazi codes. On the other hand, several mathematicians like John von Neumann worked on the Manhattan Project.


John Harvey Kellogg

John Harvey Kellogg (February 26, 1852 – December 14, 1943) was an American medical doctor. He and his brother, Will Keith Kellogg, invented corn flakes.

Kellogg was born on February 26, 1852 in Battle Creek, Michigan. He studied at New York University. Kellogg was married to Ella Ervilla Eaton from 1879 until her death in 1920. They adopted seven children. Kellogg died on December 14, 1943 in Battle Creek, Michigan from an illness, aged 91.


Studebaker

The Studebaker Corporation was an American company in South Bend, Indiana that built automobiles. It started in 1852 making wagons, at that time it was named Studebaker Brothers Manufacturing Company. Later they started making cars and then pickups. In 1966 they went out of business.

At first, Studebaker built horse wagons used by farmers, miners and the military. In 1902 they started making electric vehicles and in 1904 they started making gasoline vehicles. At first they worked with other companies to make the vehicles, but starting in 1912 they made the whole car by themselves. For fifty years they made many cars that worked well and had interesting shapes. But the cars cost a lot of money and after some years of troubles, the company shut down in 1966.

Cars

Trucks

Mamie Van Doren

Mamie Van Doren (born Joan Lucille Olander; February 6, 1931) is an American actress and model. She acts primarily in movies. She is also a singer. Her many movies include "Untamed Youth" (1957). Many times, she would play a bad girl within her movies. Van Doren has been oftentimes compared against other blonde actresses, in particular, Marilyn Monroe. Mamie was born in Rowena, South Dakota.
In 1946, Doren began working at the Pantages Theatre as an usher in Hollywood. Where in the following year, she had a part on an early television series. She sang with Ted Fio Rito's band and entered several beauty contests. 

Doren was 17 years old when she got married to Jack Newman in Santa Barbara, California, but because of his abusive nature the marriage didn't last long. Doren won the titles Miss Eight Ball and Miss Palm Springs at the age of 18 years. 


Gene Barry

Gene Barry (Eugene Klass; June 14, 1919 – December 9, 2009) was an American actor. He was known for his roles in "The Atomic City" (1952), "The War of The Worlds" (1953), and "Bat Masterson" (1958-1961).

Barry was born on June 14, 1919 in New York City, New York to a Jewish-Russian family. He studied at Chatham Square School of Music. Barry was married to Betty Claire Kalb from 1944 until her death in 2003. They had three children, one adopted. 

Barry died on the morning of December 9, 2009 from heart failure in his home in Woodland Hills, California, aged 90.


Mehmet Oz

Mehmet Cengiz Öz (born June 11, 1960, called Dr. Oz) is a Turkish-American doctor, writer, educator, and television personality. He has a television show, "The Dr. Oz Show". He helps people with health and weight. He won two Emmy Awards, in 2010 and in 2011.

In November 2021, Oz announced that he was running in the 2022 U.S. Senate election in Pennsylvania as a Republican. He won the nomination in June 2022, becoming the first Muslim to be nominated by either major party for U.S. Senate. He was defeated in the general election by John Fetterman.

Öz was born on June 11, 1960 in Cleveland, Ohio to a Turkish family. He studied at Tower Hill School, at Harvard University, at Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and at University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine. Öz married his wife Lisa Lemole in 1985. They have four children. He now lives in Bryn Athyn, Pennsylvania.


Jimmie Åkesson

Per Jimmie Åkesson (born May 17, 1979) is a Swedish politician and blogger.He has been the leader of the Sweden Democrats since 2005. In 2010 the Sweden Democrats made it into the Riksdag after the general elections.

February 2013 nor'easter

The February 2013 nor'easter (called by The Weather Channel as Winter Storm Nemo) was a large winter storm that formed from two low pressure areas and affected the northeastern United States and eastern Canada from February 7–10, 2013. The areas affect by the storm were between Virginia and Maine. The storm had hurricane strength winds, lightning, thunder, heavy snows and blizzard conditions. Boston received almost of snow due to this storm. New York City received almost one foot of new snow. It was Connecticut, however, that got the most. Hamden, Connecticut received almost , while nearby cities got at least . About 700,000 customers lost power.


Non-deterministic turing machine

A Turing machine is an idea from computer science that tries to describe how some computers work. Deterministic Turing machines use a function. Given the current state of the Turing machine, it selects another state the Turing machine should have. In other words, from each state there is one other state the machine can have. A non-deterministic Turing machine uses a relation. This means that from some states there are several other states that are possible.

Black Star of Queensland

The Black Star of Queensland is a large gem sapphire. It is the world's largest star sapphire. It is . It was discovered in Queensland in the 1930s. During the 1960s, the Black Star of Queensland was on display at the Smithsonian as part of an exhibition with the Hope Diamond. It was also on display at the Royal Ontario Museum from 2 June to 2 December 2007.

Cheddar

Cheddar most often refers to one of these:

Cheddar may also refer to:




Nearest neighbour algorithm

Nearest neighbour algorithms is a the name given to a number of greedy algorithms to solve problems related to graph theory. This algorithm was made to find a solution to the travelling salesman problem. In general, these algorithms try to find a Hamlitonian cycle as follows:
Such algorithms are easy to implement, but they do not always find the best solution. What is worse, the algorithm may not find a tour even if one exists. 

Nubra

Nubra may refer to:


Alexandrite

Alexandrite is a gemstone. It is a type of chrysoberyl. Different kinds of light make the colors change. That is called the "alexandrite effect". 

A gemstone similar to alexandrite can be made in a laboratory. That kind of stone is called synthetic or simulated alexandrite. These are not made of chrysoberyl. People make these because alexandrite is expensive, and the synthetic alexandrite costs less.

One story says that alexandrite was named in honor of Alexander II of Russia. Alexander was not yet Tsar at the time.

Alexandrite has been found in Russia, Brazil, India, Madagascar and Sri Lanka.

Alexandrite is one of the birthstones for June.

Jandali dialect

Jandali is a Punjabi dialect spoken in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Golden pheasant

The golden pheasant (also known as the Chinese pheasant or rainbow pheasant) ("Chrysolophus pictus") is a gamebird of the order Galliformes (gallinaceous birds) and the family Phasianidae. It is native to forests in mountainous areas of western China, but feral populations have been established in the United Kingdom and elsewhere.

Grey peacock-pheasant

The grey peacock-pheasant ("Polyplectron bicalcaratum"), also known as the Burmese peacock-pheasant, is a large southeast Asian member of the order Galliformes. It is the national bird of Myanmar.

List of national fruits

This is a list of national fruits arranged alphabetically by country. Some national fruits are officially designated, some are unofficial.

Hamiltonian path

A Hamiltonian path is a path in a graph which contains each vertex of the graph exactly once. A Hamiltonian cycle is a Hamiltonian path, which is also a cycle. Knowing whether such a path exists in a graph, as well as finding it is a fundamental problem of graph theory. It is much more difficult than finding an Eulerian path, which contains each edge exactly once. The problem of finding a Hamiltonian path is NP-complete. There are two classes of graphs: directed and undirected graphs. In directed graphs, an edge can only be travelled in one direction, in undirected graphs it can be travelled in both directions. The Travelling Salesman Problem is an instance of this problem. Its task is to find the shortest Hamiltonian cycle, usually in a directed graph, with weight (or distances) attached to the edges. 

Hamiltonian paths and cycles and cycle paths are named after William Rowan Hamilton who invented the Icosian game. This game is also known as "Hamilton's puzzle". It involves finding a Hamiltonian cycle in the edge graph of the dodecahedron. Hamilton solved this problem using the Icosian Calculus, an algebraic structure based on roots of unity with many similarities to the quaternions (also invented by Hamilton). This solution does not generalize to arbitrary graphs. However, despite being named after Hamilton, Hamiltonian cycles in polyhedra had also been studied a year earlier by Thomas Kirkman. 

Tracy Chapman

Tracy Chapman (born March 30, 1964) is an American singer-songwriter. She was born in Cleveland, Ohio. She has won four Grammy Awards.

Her most famous songs are "Fast Car" and "Give Me One Reason." These songs went to the top of music charts in Canada. They also went high on the Billboard charts (United States). She has released 8 albums.

Chapman is a feminist. She has never said what her sexuality is, but she dated Alice Walker in the mid 1990s.

Chapman went to Tufts University. When she was a student there, she played music in public. In 1985, Chapman played music at a Linda Tillery concert. Another student from Tufts heard her playing music at the concert. The student's father was Charles Koppelman, a music producer. Koppelman thought that Chapman made good music. After Chapman graduated from the university, Koppelman helped her join Elektra Records.

She released her first album in 1988. It was named "Tracy Chapman". Many critics liked the album, and it was very popular. She started playing more music at concerts. On June 11, 1988, she performed at a concert for Nelson Mandela's 70th birthday. Stevie Wonder was at the concert, but he did not play any music. This was because he had problems with his music equipment. Wonder was not able to play any music when it was time for him to. Because of this, Chapman played during Wonder's time. She played the song "Fast Car", and it became very popular. Her album sold many copies, and she won three Grammy Awards for it. "Fast Car" went on the "Billboard" Hot 100, an American music chart. Two other songs from the album, "Talkin' 'bout a Revolution" and "Baby Can I Hold You", also went on the chart.

Chapman made a second album. This album was named "Crossroads". It was released in 1989. It did not sell as many copies as her first album did. However, it was certified platinum by the RIAA. After "Crossroads", she made more albums. In 1992, she released "Matters of the Heart". Her fourth album was named "New Beginning". It was released in 1995. It was more successful than her second and third albums. Over 5 million copies of it were sold in the United States. The album had a song named "Give Me One Reason" on it. This song won a Grammy Award for Best Rock Song. The song was number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Chapman did not make any music for four years. In 2000, she released her fifth album. It was named "Telling Stories". Her sixth album was released in 2002. It was named "Let it Rain". Both of these albums were certified gold. On November 2015, she released an album named "Greatest Hits". This was a greatest hits album.

In 2018, Chapman sued Nicki Minaj for copyright infringement. Chapman said that Minaj sampled her song "Baby Can I Hold You" without Chapman saying that she could. Chapman also said she told Minaj she could not sample the song many different times. The lawsuit said that Minaj did copyright infringement because she used "Baby Can I Hold You" in her song, "Sorry". She also sold copies of "Sorry". In September 2020, a judge said that Minaj using the sample in the song was fair use. However, the judge also said that the lawsuit should go to court because Minaj sold copies of the song with the sample in it. In January 2021, Minaj paid Chapman $450,000. This ended the lawsuit.



Nathaniel Wallich

Nathaniel Wallich FRS (28 January 1786 – 28 April 1854) was a medical doctor and botanist from Denmark. He worked in India; firstly in the Danish settlement near Calcutta and later for the East India Company. He was involved in the early development of the Calcutta Botanical Garden, describing many new plant species and developing a large collection with copies that he gave to collections in Europe. Several of the plants that he collected were named after him.

Nathaniel Wallich was born in a Jewish family in Copenhagen, Denmark in 1786 as Nathan ben Wulff. His father Wulff ben Wallich (or Wolff Wallich) was a rich merchant from Altona, a town near Hamburg, Germany, and then moved to Copenhagen late in the 18th century. Nathaniel changed his name to Nathan Wallich, later Nathaniel, as an adult.

Wallich got the diploma of the Royal Academy of Surgeons at Copenhagen in 1806. At the end of the year he was appointed as doctor in the Danish colony of Serampore, then known as "Frederiksnagore" in Bengal (now in West Bengal). He sailed for India in April 1807 and arrived at Serampore the following November.

He was an honorary doctor at the University of Copenhagen and member of the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters.

Because of bad health, Wallich spent the years 1811-1813 in the more temperate climate of Mauritius, where he continued his studies. From August 1814, Wallich became an Assistant Surgeon in the East India Company's service. Wallich was later appointed assistant to William Roxburgh, the East India Company's botanist in Calcutta.

By 1813 he took great interest in the flora and natural vegetation of India. He also went on expeditions to Nepal, West Hindustan, and lower Burma. Wallich travelled to Nepal in 1821, one of the very first Englishmen to go there, and returned with many new plants. During 1837 and 1838, Nathaniel Wallich served as Professor of Botany in Calcutta Medical College.

He also published two important books, "Tentamen Floræ Nepalensis Illustratæ" (vols I-II, 1824–26) and "Plantæ Asiaticæ Rariores" (vols I-III, 1830–32).

Dr. Nathaniel Wallich took charge of the Oriental Museum of the Asiatic Society on 1 June 1814. Wallich joined the East India Company's Botanical Garden in 1817 and served there until 1846 when he retired from the service.

Wallich retired to London in 1847, and stayed there until his death seven years later. He had a son, George Charles Wallich, and a daughter, Hannah Sarah. Part of his collections are held at Kew Gardens, and known as the 'Wallich Herbarium'.



Roman dodecahedron

Roman dodecahedron is the name for dodecahedra which were found in Europe. In total, over hundred such objects were found in all European parts of the Roman Empire. They date from the second or third century CE, and were made of bronze or stone. They are hollow, and each of the twelve pentangular faces has a hole in it. Most of these were found on the territories of modern-day France and Germany, but some were also found in Hungary and Great Britain. They are between and in size.

The function or use of the dodecahedra remains a mystery; no mention of them has been found in texts or pictures of the time. Speculated uses include candlestick holders (wax was found inside one example); dice; survey instruments; devices for determining the optimal sowing date for winter grain; that they were used to calibrate water pipes; and army standard bases. It has also been suggested that they may have been religious artifacts of some kind. This speculation is based on the fact that most of the examples have been found in Gallo-Roman sites.


Gamma function

In mathematics, the gamma function (Γ("z")) is a key topic in the field of special functions. Γ("z") is an extension of the factorial function to all complex numbers except negative integers. For positive integers, it is defined as formula_1

The gamma function is defined for all complex numbers, but it is not defined for negative integers and zero. For a complex number whose real part is a positive integer, the function is defined by:

Some particular values of the gamma function are:

Gauss introduced the Pi function. This is another way of denoting the gamma function. In terms of the gamma function, the Pi function is



Necrotising arachnidism

Farthing (English coin)

The farthing was a coin of the Kingdom of England. It was worth one quarter of a penny, or of a pound sterling. The word 'farthing' is derived from the Anglo-Saxon "feorthing". It means a "fourthling" or "fourth part". The Anglo-Saxon word was probably derived from the Old Norse, "fjorthungr" meaning a "quarter". 

Such coins were first minted in England in silver in the 13th century. They were used until 1707, when the Kingdom of England was taken over by Scottish King, King James that united The British mainland United Kingdom of Great Britain. Early farthings were silver. The farthing was small (only 10 millimeters in diameter) and very light (slightly more than 0.4 gram). Surviving examples are rare. The first copper farthings were issued during the reign of King James I. In the late 17th century the English farthing was also minted in tin. 

In 1953, the British farthing's low value forced its last minting. A Londoner complained of abusive vendors when he tried to offer the coin for purchases. The coin ceased to be legal tender on 1 January 1961.

Emeli Sandé

Adele Emeli Sandé best known as Emeli Sandé (born 10 March 1987) is a British singer and songwriter. She was born in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear to an English mother and Zambian father. She was raised in Alford, Aberdeenshire. She became famous after writing many songs for artists like Rihanna, Leona Lewis and Susan Boyle. 

In 2010 she singed a contract with EMI. She then released two singles, "Read All About It" and "Beneath Your Beautiful", which went on top of the British charts. In 2012 she won the Brits Critics Choice award. Her first album, "Our Version of Events", was very successful, selling more than 100,000 copies in the first week. It was the best-selling album in the UK of 2012. She performed at the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.

In 2013 she won two BRIT Awards, one for Best Female Artist and one for Best Album.

On 24 February 2014, she released her second EP, "Who Needs The World? EP".
Her next album will be released in summer 2014.

Sandé married Adam Gouraguine in Montenegro in 2012. They later divorced in 2014.


Stock-Keeping Unit

SKU (often pronounced "skew") is an acronym for Stock-Keeping Unit. This is the barcode found on things sold in stores. It is made in a way that laser scanners in the check-out lane can read the code. The code is then used to find the price.

The bar code is made of vertical bars, some are thick, some are thin. The scanner can see these bars and the pattern of the bars tells them what the numbers are. The patterns are made in a way that the scanner can read it forwards or backwards, so it doesn't matter how the product is held, it can still read the number. The numbers are often also written underneath the bars, so that people can read the SKU. There are two parts to the number. The first part is who made the product, the second part is what the actual product is.

Hermann Levi

Hermann Levi was a 19th-century orchestral conductor. He conducted the premiere of "Parsifal".

Jimmy Perry

James "Jimmy" Perry OBE (9 September 1923 – 23 October 2016) was an English writer, scriptwriter, producer, author and actor who is known for creating the BBC sitcom "Dad's Army".

Perry was born on September 9, 1923 in Barnes, Surrey, England. He studied at Colet Court and at St Paul's School. Perry lived in Algarve, Portugal. 

Perry died in London on 23 October 2016 at the age of 93.

Philips

Philips is a Dutch electronics company. It was founded by Gerard and Frederik Philips in 1891. It employs about 120,000 people in 60 countries.

David Croft

David John Croft, (born David John Andrew Sharland; 7 September 1922 – 27 September 2011) was an English writer, producer, and director. He created the BBC television sitcom "Dad's Army".

Croft was born on 7 September 1922 in Sandbanks, Poole, Dorset, England. He studied at the Rugby School and at Royal Military College, Sandhurst. Croft was married to Ann Callender from 1952 until his death in 2011. They had seven children. Croft died on 27 September 2011 in his home in Tavira, Algarve, Portugal from natural causes, aged 89.


Tertullian

Tertullian (160-225) was an early Christian writer from Carthage.
Though conservative in his worldview, Tertullian originated new theological concepts and advanced the development of early Church doctrine. He is perhaps most famous for being the first writer in Latin known to use the term trinity (Latin: trinitas). According to The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy, "Tertullian's trinity [is] not a triune God, but rather a triad or group of three, with God as the founding member".[13] A similar word had been used earlier in Greek,[a] though Tertullian gives the oldest extant use of the terminology as later incorporated into the Nicene Creed at the Second Ecumenical Council, the First Council of Constantinople in 381 AD, or as the Athanasian Creed, or both.[14] Other Latin formulations that first appear in his work are "One God, three persons, one substance" as the Latin "tres personae, una substantia", ('consubstantial', in English), itself from the Koine Greek "treis hypostases, homoousioi").[12] Influenced by Stoic philosophy, the "substance" of Tertullian, however, was a material substance that did not refer to a single God, but to the sharing of the divine substance of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.[13] He wrote his understanding of the three members of the trinity after becoming a Montanist.[12]

Beautiful Creatures (2013 movie)

Beautiful Creatures is a 2013 American romantic-fantasy drama. It is set in South Carolina. The movie stars Emmy Rossum, Viola Davis and Emma Thompson. Thompson plays Mrs. Lincoln and Sarafine. "Beautiful Creatures" was released on February 14, 2013 for the United States. Jeremy Irons also stars. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl.

Round city of Baghdad

the Round city of Baghdad (Al-Mansur city) (also called: the city of peace) was an ancient city in Baghdad, Iraq that was built in 762–767 CE. Today there are only a few remains of the ancient city of Al Mansur.


Deborah Cox

Deborah Cox (July 13, 1974, Toronto) is a Canadian singer, songwriter and actress who has had eleven charting #1 singles. She has had some hit movies, such as "Love Come Down". She began her music career around the mid 1990s. Her song "Nobody's Supposed to be Here" is her signature song.

National Governors Association

The National Governors Association (NGA) provides both state and national views regarding issues with usage of natural resources and management in the Progressive Era. It was founded in 1908 as the National Governors' Conference, at the Conference of Governors. The NGA represents the governors of the fifty U.S. states and five U.S. territories (American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands).

The NGA serves as an important public policy liaison between the state governments and the federal government.

Faxing Berlin

"Faxing Berlin" is a progressive house song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5. The song is featured on deadmau5's third studio album "Random Album Title". 

The song received some controversy in 2008 by an artist named DirtyCircuit. DirtyCircuit said that he was threatened with legal action after he used a sample called "LP_Faxing Berlin C_128bpm" that came bundled with the digital audio workstation FL Studio which deadmau5 claimed copyright. The sample was a direct clip of a full bar from the song. A "Demo Track" was provided by deadmau5 which came bundled with FL Studio, along with many loop samples. FL Studio users became were in discomfort because of the case and some of the users had pointed out possible inconsistencies in the EULA of the software.

The song reached #6 on the "Billboard" US Hot Dance Club Songs.

Lingula

Lingula is a genus of brachiopods in the class Lingulata. "Lingula" is known to have existed since the early Ordovician period. "Lingula" is a good example of a living fossil. Like all brachiopods, it is a filter feeder.

Brachiopods are superficially similar to bivalves, both having two shells. Brachiopods are easily distinguished from molluscs because they have (different) dorsal and ventral shells. Bivalves have mirrored right and left shells. "Lingula" and most brachiopods also have a stalk (or peduncle) that extends through a hole near the tip of one of its shells. Bivalves may be attached to a substrate with byssus filaments, that extend from between the shells.

The Lingulata brachiopods have existed from the Cambrian period to the present, a time span of over 500 million years! Modern species of "Lingula" are very similar from their fossil ancestors.

Identity Thief

Identity Thief is a 2013 comedy movie starring Jason Bateman and Melissa McCarthy. Bateman plays Sandy in this comedy. McCarthy plays Diana, the woman who stole Sandy's identity. Amanda Peet is also part of the cast.

This movie received negative reviews. Yet, it debuted at number one in the United States.

Manfred Porsch

Manfred Maria Porsch (born 14 April 1950 in Vienna) is an Austrian composer and teacher. He composes Austrian contemporary worship music.

Manfred Porsch comes from the Focolare Movement. In 1971 and 1972, he toured with Gen Rosso. In 1983, he won first prize at the "Worldfestival of religious Song", the "Rassegna Mondiale della Canzone Religiosa Populare" in Rome. In 1987, Porsch founded "Musica e Vita Österreich" and started the festival series "Fest der Lieder". He has published about 200 songs.

In 2012, after a long break from writing music, Porsch published new songs with the producer Thomas Raber.



Georg Bydlinski

Georg Bydlinski (born 30 May 1956 in Graz) is an Austrian writer.

Since 1982, Bydlinski has worked as a freelance writer in Mödling. In 1990, Bydliski took part in the Festival of German-Language Literature in Klagenfurt. Bydlinski writes novels, children's books and poems. He edits anthologies. He also translates. Bydlinski is a member of "IG Autorinnen Autoren", Grazer Autorenversammlung, ÖsterreicÖsterreichischer Schriftstellerverband, "Literaturkreises Podium" and "Friedrich-Bödecker-Kreis Hannover".

Since 2013, he has worked with producer Thomas Raber.






Antarctic Peninsula

The Antarctic Peninsula is the largest peninsula in Antarctica. The peninsula is the northernmost part of the mainland of Antarctica. It is 1300 km and reaches from Cape Adams (Weddell Sea) and a point on the mainland south of Eklund Islands. The northern tip is about 1000 km (600 miles) from Tierra del Fuego. There are many research stations as well as multiple claims of sovereignty on the Antarctic Peninsula.

Average temperatures on the peninsula have risen by nearly 2°C in the past 50 years which makes the Antarctic Peninsula one of the fastest warming places on Earth.

Elizabeth Vargas

Elizabeth Vargas (born September 6, 1962 near Paterson, New Jersey) is an American journalist. She first worked at the NBC network. She has worked on ABC programs, including "20/20". Before that, she was an anchor for "Dateline NBC" and "The Today Show".

Brachiopod classification

The classification of brachiopods is being discussed at present. The following is an overview of the different schemes which are proposed.

The "traditional" classification was defined in 1869. Two further approaches were established in the 1990s:

Underlying the discussion are some basic principles:

About 330 living species are recognized, grouped into over 100 genera. The great majority of modern brachiopods are rhynchonelliforms (Articulata, but excluding Craniida).

Déborah François

Déborah François (born 24 May 1987) is an actress from Belgium. She lives in Paris, France.
She is best known for her role as in Belgian film "L’Enfant" ("The Child") , French film "La Tourneuse de pages" ("The Page Turner"), and she won a César Award for her role in a 2008 French film "Le premier jour du reste de ta vie" ("The First Day of the Rest of Your Life").

She was born in Liège, Belgium which is in the French-speaking area. She is the daughter of a policeman and a social worker. She was awarded the Romy-Schneider Prize and Prix Suzanne Bianchetti.


St. Ouen F.C.

St. Ouen Football Club is a association football club in Saint Ouen, Jersey, Channel Islands. The club was founded in 1919. In 1972, they played a game against Scottish Old Firm team, Celtic.

Fertilisation of Orchids

Fertilisation of Orchids is a book by Charles Darwin.

The book was published on 15 May 1862 under the full title "On the various contrivances by which British and foreign orchids are fertilised by insects, and on the good effects of intercrossing".

Darwin's previous book, "On the Origin of Species", had briefly mentioned evolutionary interactions between insects and the plants they fertilised. This new idea was explored in detail for orchids. The field studies and practical scientific investigations were initially a recreation for Darwin, a relief from the drudgery of writing. The work developed into enjoyable and challenging experiments, and he was helped by his family, friends, and a wide circle of correspondents.

The book was his first detailed demonstration of natural selection. It explained how complex ecological relationships resulted in the co-evolution of orchids and insects. The view has been expressed that the book led directly or indirectly to all modern work on coevolution and the evolution of extreme specialisation. It influenced botanists, and revived interest in the long neglected idea that insects played a part in pollinating flowers. It supported his view that natural selection led to a variety of forms through the important benefits achieved by cross-fertilisation. Although the general public showed less interest and sales of the book were low, it established Darwin as a leading botanist. "Orchids" was the first in a series of books on his investigations into plants.

The book describes how the relationship between insects and plants resulted in the beautiful and complex forms which had fascinated many naturalists. By showing how adaptations develop step by step, Darwin countered the view that beautiful organisms were the handiwork of a Creator. Darwin's painstaking observations, experiments, and detailed dissection of the flowers explained previously unknown features. such as the puzzle of "Catasetum", three completely different kinds of flowers. Darwin discusses how the Sack-Shaped Catasetum ("Catasetum saccatum"), a tropical South American species, launches its sticky pollen sacs with explosive force when an insect touches a hair (seta). His friend Thomas Huxley said "Do you really think I can believe all that?"

In the book Darwin made some famous predictions, including his proposal that the long nectary of "Angraecum sesquipedale" meant there must be a moth with an equally long proboscis. This was confirmed in 1903 when "Xanthopan morgani praedicta" was found in Madagascar.

Cocker Spaniel

Cocker Spaniel is the name for two dog breeds of the Spaniel type: The English Cocker Spaniel and the American Cocker Spaniel. Originally, these dogs were bred in England for hunting Eurasian Woodcock. Cocker spaniels are popular family pets. The English version is usually brown and ginger in color. Their fur is very soft and their noses are big. They have very big floppy ears. There are two version of cocker spaniels, show dogs and hunters. They are the smallest of the sporting dogs. They are bred from an earlier 19th century dog called field spaniels. The smallest dogs in litters were called "cockers". This was because They were small enough to go under hedgerows where larger dogs could not go. They could also move through brambles and bushes to flush woodcocks into the open. The smaller dogs became the American cockers while the larger dogs became the English variety.

<br>

Christopher Dorner shootings and manhunt

The 2013 Southern California shootings were an incident that happened in Southern California. The victims were law enforcement officers and related families.

The incident began on February 3, 2013, around which point 28-year-old Monica Quan and her fiancé Keith Lawrence, in Irvine, were found dead. They were shot in Lawrence's car. The suspected perpetrator of the crime, Christopher Dorner, put out a manifesto one day after the crime. Dorner is a former officer of the Los Angeles Police Department. On February 7, the driver of a pickup truck fired a rifle onto two officers, grazing the head of one and killing another. The one that was killed was Michael Crain, who died shortly after the shooting. Dorner was later found by police on February 12 and hid in a wooden cabin. The cabin later caught on fire. Human remains was found with a wallet reading "Christopher Dorner".

Christopher Dorner had many different identities in his lifetime. He was regarded as been an upstanding citizen, an athlete, a law enforcement officer and a decorated military veteran. Some people who knew him indicated that he was very intelligent and sensitive. In a photo released by the police, he was standing up straight with the police uniform, smiling warmly, and the background for this photo is the American flag. In 2008, he was dismissed from the LAPD (Los Angeles Police Department) on a charge of making false statements. His colleagues said this was the turning point for his life. He typed 6000 words and posted it on the Internet. He released his anger and bitterness because of a decision that was made five years ago. He believed and firmly believe the racism, twenty years after the beating of black suspect Rodney King by white officers unleashed waves of rioting in Los Angeles.

Dorner started his killing with a plan. First he had a package with some complaints, and sent it to Anderson Cooper, who is a television personality, and arrive at CNN on February 1, 2013. Then Dorner tailed after a couple and killed them into their car on February 3, 2013. In this murder case, the dead include the daughter for the LAPD (Los Angeles Police Department) captain who became his defence lawyer in the LAPD review board hearings of his allegations against his training officer. In the end, he posted many statements which had next target's name and threaten them lives. It cause the police to mount a widespread manhunt for Dorner, the area was from California to include Nevada and Mexico. The police said the need protected more than 40 potential targets of Dorner's. Thousands of police were patrol in Southern California's highways.

On February 1, Anderson Cooper of CNN got a package. It contained a DVD and a challenge coin carve a notes "1MOA". It meaned that the coin was shot at 100 meters.

On February 3, 28-year-old Monica Quan, and her fiancé, 27-year-old Keith Lawrence, were killed into a white car. Quan, an assistant women's basketball coach at Cal State Fullerton, was the daughter of Randal Quan. The crime scene was outside their condominium, in the city of Irvine.

On February 5, This information was for military sources that Dorner checked into Naval Base Point Loma in San Diego. However, he didn't checkout when he left.

On February 7, Two LAPD officers found Dorner at a gas station in Corona, they got a drastic shooting, and one officer, Michael Crain, died after the shooting.

On February 10, The government offered a $1 million reward for information about Dorner. Some people said he was hidden somewhere in the San Bernardino Mountains. In February 13, It was reported that they found Dorner's body in the mountain cabin.


Super Game Boy

The Super Game Boy is a special video game cartridge released for the Super NES in 1994. It allows players to play Game Boy and some Game Boy Color games on a television screen. When played on the Super Game Boy, games are colored. There are 32 colors available. Players can switch colors with the L and R buttons. Some games, such as "Donkey Kong", have features exclusive to the Super Game Boy. New features include better sound effects and multi-player. Some games also have a custom border when played on the Super Game Boy. In 1998, a new model, the Super Game Boy 2, was released in Japan. It has more borders and link cable support.

The Lost Wand

"The Lost Wand" is a fairy tale written by Jean Ingelow and published by The Wonder Box Tales in 1902 The story revolves around Hulda, a lucky young girl in Norway who receives the opportunity to be granted a wish after finding a ring in her slice of cake.

All the children were in awe of the beautiful cake Hulda's grandmother made, and they were all knew about the magic it held. There is a fairy disguised as a flower on the top of the cake, and a ring hidden within it. The children can make a wish for whatever they pleased if they were lucky enough to find the ring. After finding the magical ring in her slice, Hulda can make a wish. A fairy appears from the flower on top of the cake, and tells Hulda she will give her anything she wishes for. Not knowing what her wish would bring, she asks for the fairy's wand. After handing Hulda her beautiful gold wand, the fairy is loses her powers and will be held at the will of her enemy if she doesn’t get the wand back. It could not be returned immediately, it had to be on a midsummers day. Until then, the fairy asked that Hulda keep it safe for her while she was gone. Days passed and the fairy had never returned. Hulda thought the fairy had died. A dishonest guest paid a visit to Hulda and got her to trade the wand for a piece of his beautiful jewellery. After trading the wand for a bracelet with a bird clasp, Hulda realizes her visitor was actually a gnome. The gnome was the enemy the fairy had been worried about; with the wand he would make the fairy his slave. Hulda was aware she made a mistake, and did not rest until she retrieved the gold wand and returned it to the fairy. Not only did she give the fairy her powers back, but also in turn she saved her own life.

A Lost Wand was written in the mid 1800s. Most of her work was published in 1865. A lot of Ingelow’s literature was influenced by the writings of Lewis Carroll and George Macdonald. Her stories were written for children, not so much to teach a lesson; but for entertainment, which was a relatively new idea then.

Hulda begins the story as a young girl at a party one winter’s night in Norway at her home. Her parents bring out a grand cake with a small ring baked into it. The person who gets the ring receives one wish from a fairy. Hulda receives this wish, she wishes for the wand the fairy has. But is then upset when she found out because of her wish the fairy loses her powers. Hulda spends the rest of her childhood guarding the wand until a poor peddler comes along and wants to trade it for one of his beautiful bracelets. Because Hulda had not seen the fairy in a long time she thought that she had died, and trades the wand to the peddler. She finds out that the peddler was actually a gnome who only wanted to get the wand in the first place. She spends the rest of her childhood looking for the peddler to try and get back her mother's ring which he also stole that day she met him.

The fairy appears first at the beginning of the story to grant the children one wish. When Hulda wishes for the wand, she loses her magical powers and can no longer grant wishes. She becomes dim and soon disappears. Before she goes away for good she asks that the child keep good care of the wand. One day she may be able tor return for it. When the fairy comes back in the middle of the story she finds out that the wand has been traded to the evil gnome who tricked Hulda into trading it to him. Hulda thought the fairy was dead. The fairy tells Hulda she was in Africa far away from Europe because the gnomes can only come up in Europe. She was staying away so that she was not kept as a slave of the gnome. Once Hulda returns the wand to the fairy at the end of the story she is not seen or heard of again.

The Gnome who plays the poor peddler comes searching for the wand that he knew was lost somewhere in the area she lived. He disguises himself as a poor man trying to sell off his jewelry. When he finds that Hulda’s parents are away, he tells lies. Hulda gives away the Fairy's wand. The peddler tells her that because the sheen of the jewels is gone, it means the owner has died. He is delighted when he trades her the wand for a bracelet, so he leaves to go back underground. Years later he resurfaces and finds out about Hulda’s bad health. he goes back away until he knows she has passed. When the peddler goes to the garden area to try and sell some more jewellery, he meets Hulda. He runs back to go underground. He is stopped by Hulda, demanding her mother's ring back. He soon becomes confronted with not only Hulda but the Lizard. He seems frightened by the lizard and before she can force him to give the wand and the ring back, Hulda has them. He then disappears underground with the Lizard, never heard from again.

Norway is full of incredible foods, of all different kinds. However, the most significant item displayed on the table is Hulda’s grandmother’s cake. It catches not only the eye if Hulda, but all the others who are present. The fairy taking the form of a flower on top of the cake is what makes it so magnificent. The lucky child who finds the ring in their slice, gets to make a wish. All wishes do not bring happiness. They can bring the opposite. Although the cake is beautiful, the wish that Hulda is granted is not what she thought it would be; beauty is not always what it seems.

The bracelet would not have been Hulda’s first choice as a trade for her little gold wand; in fact she liked most of the items a lot more. But just like the cake, not everything is what it seems to be. The bird clasp on the lovely bracelet turned out to be a loyal companion that led her way to find the peddler and save the fairy. This shows that those who deserve it receive the loyalty they need and kindness does not go unrewarded. The peddler and his greedy ways however, do not go unpunished. In the end, Hulda’s genuine intentions are turned into good deeds while the peddler is locked away underground away from the sunlight for eternity. The most beautiful objects aren’t always the best choice.

A lizard; an animal often-found in hot, dry climates. This is why it is not unusual that the master of the gnomes, who happen to like hot weather, is a lizard. Most reptiles are perceived as slimy, nasty creatures. In this case, the Lizard is fair and considerate of all situations. She rewards those who deserve it and prosecutes those who do not. Just like everything else, not all is what it seems.
Although it's small the power it contains is life saving. Without it, the fairy cannot live her normal life. Her normal life is helping mortals, without that she does not want to live. Once it became dim and the jewels, which decorated it, were no longer beautiful, it still has power hiding behind it. To anyone else, it would be insignificant. To the fairy, it meant the world. It either meant her life would be back to normal, or turned into a life of misery and despair. Even the tiniest objects can have the biggest impact.

Jizya

Jizya or jizyah was a tax imposed upon dhimmi, non-Muslim residents in Muslim countries, as in the Ottoman Empire. Jews and Christians were required to pay the "jizya" while others, depending on the different rulings of the four Madhhabs, might be required to accept Islam, pay the jizya, be exiled, or be killed.

John B. Anderson

John Bayard Anderson (February 15, 1922 – December 3, 2017) was an American-Republican politician from Illinois. He was a politician from the 1960s until the later 2000s. He ran for president in 1980, but lost to Ronald Reagan as the main Republican candidate. He then ran as an independent candidate, and lost again to Reagan in November, 1980.

Anderson was born on February 15, 1922 in Rockford, Illinois to a Swedish-American family. He studied at the University of Illinois, at the University of Illinois College of Law, and at the Harvard Law School. Anderson was married to Keke Machakos from 1953 until his death 2017.

Anderson died on December 3, 2017, in Washington, D.C., aged 95.

Greater spotted eagle

The greater spotted eagle ("Aquila clanga"), occasionally just called the spotted eagle, is a large bird of prey. Like all typical eagles, it belongs to the family Accipitridae. In summer it lives in eastern Eurasia, and winters further south.

A medium-sized eagle, the greater spotted eagle only has white spots as a juvenile, when they extend in bands across the upperwing. By adulthood, the spots have faded leaving dark brown feathers across the head, body and wings, with slightly paler flight feathers on the upper side. In gliding flight, the greater spotted eagle holds the feathers at the tips of the wings downward. 

James R. Thompson

James Robert Thompson, Jr. (May 8, 1936 – August 14, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was the 37th Governor of Illinois from 1977 through 1991. He was part of the 9/11 Commission. A structure in Chicago is named after him, the James R. Thompson Center.

Thompson was born on May 8, 1936 in Chicago, Illinois to a Swedish-American family. He studied at the University of Illinois at Chicago, at Washington University in St. Louis, and at Northwestern University. He was married to Jayne Ann Carr Thompson. They had one child.

Thompson died of cardiac arrest at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago on August 14, 2020 at the age of 84.


Daniel Walker

Daniel "Dan" Walker (August 6, 1922 – April 29, 2015) was an American Democratic lawyer, businessman, and politician from Illinois. He was the 36th Governor of Illinois from January 1973 to January 1977. He was one of the four governors of Illinois to serve in jail. He went to jail because of bank fraud in 1988.

Walker was born on August 6, 1922 in Washington, D.C.. He was raised in San Diego, California. Walker studied at the United States Naval Academy and at Northwestern University. Walker died of heart failure in Chula Vista, California, aged 92.


Otto Kerner Jr.

Otto Kerner, Jr. (August 15, 1908 – May 9, 1976) was an American politician. He was a Democrat. He was the Governor of Illinois from January 1961 to May 1968. He is best known for chairman of the National Advisory Commission on Civil Disorders and for accepting bribes. He would later be charged with 17 felony charges and would serve time in jail. He was one of the four Governors of Illinois to be in jail. He would soon nominate Lyndon B. Johnson to be President.

Kerner was born on August 15, 1908 in Chicago, Illinois. His father was politician Otto Kerner, Sr.. Kerner studied at the Trinity College and at Brown University. He was married to Helena Cermak, the daughter of ex-Chicago mayor Anton Cermak who was assassinated. After leaving office, Kerner had suffered cancer and would later die from the disease on May 9, 1976 in Chicago, Illinois, aged 67. He was buried at the Arlington National Cemetery.


Jim Edgar

James "Jim" Edgar (born July 22, 1946) is an American Republican politician. He was Governor of Illinois from January 1991 through January 1999. He was the Illinois Secretary of State from January 1981 through January 1991.

Edgar was a very popular governor. Even though Illinois is a Democratic state, he won in landslides as a Republican. He retired with high approval ratings.

Edgar was born on July 22, 1946 in Vinita, Oklahoma. He was raised in Charleston, Illinois. Edgar studied at Wabash College and at Eastern Illinois University. He is married to Brenda Smith.


Internet Marketing Conference

The Internet Marketing Conference, often named (IMC), is an international conference about some aspects of e-business. It was first hosted in Copenhagen in 2000. It has since then been hosted in Edinburgh, Stockholm, Las Vegas, Berlin, Vancouver, Montreal, Gothenburg and New York. The conference was started by Lennart Svanberg.

Many guests have been helping with hosting this event, including Danny Sullivan (Search Engine Watch), Jeffrey Eisenberg (Future Now, Inc.), Jim Wilson (Jim World), Lucas Morea (LatinEdge), Mitch Joel (Twist Image), Scott Ferber (Advertising.com), Stephen Turner (ClickTracks), Matthew Colebourne (coComment), Brian Clifton (Google).

Topics discussed include: 


J. Edgar Hoover

John Edgar Hoover (January 1, 1895 – May 2, 1972) was an American government official. He was the first Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) of the United States. He was chosen as director of the Bureau of Investigation because he helped start it. He was the director until his death in 1972 at age 77.

According to President Harry S Truman, Hoover transformed the FBI into his private secret police force. Truman stated that "we want no Gestapo or secret police. FBI is tending in that direction. They are dabbling in sex-life scandals and plain blackmail. J. Edgar Hoover would give his right eye to take over, and all congressmen and senators are afraid of him".

Hoover had the largest collection of pornography in history. Some adult movies included photos of Joan Crawford, Frank Sinatra, Warren Beatty, and Tony Curtis.

Hoover was born on January 1, 1895 in Washington, D.C. He studied at George Washington University. Many say Hoover was homosexual but he never admitted it.

It is unknown if Hoover and his second-in-command Clyde Tolson were ever in a relationship. Hoover died on May 2, 1972 in Washington, D.C. from heart failure, aged 77.

J. Edgar Hoover was born on New Year's Day in Washington, DC. His parents were Dickerson Naylor Hoover (1856-1921) and Anna "Annie" () Hoover. Dickerson Hoover's family was English and German. Annie Hoover's family was Swiss. J. Edgar Hoover was the youngest of four children. He never had a birth certificate until he was 43, even though Washington, D.C. required them. His childhood home was near Seward Square. The house no longer exists because a United Methodist church was built there. However, there is a stained glass window in the church that honors him.


Monica Geller

Monica Geller is a fictional character on American sitcom "Friends", portrayed by Courteney Cox for 10 seasons. (1994-2004) She worked in a very fancy restaurant. She likes everything in her apartment to be clean. She is known to be a "clean freak". She is married to Chandler Bing. Her brother is Ross Geller. She has two adopted children. They are named Erica and Jack Bing. She has a complicated relationship with her parents. Monica often acts like the mother hen of the group which can be annoying. 

Chandler Bing

Chandler Bing is a fictional character on American sitcom "Friends", portrayed by Matthew Perry. He works in an advertising company. He says that he uses humor as a way to defend himself. He is married to Monica Geller. Her brother is Ross Geller, his college roommate. He has two adopted children. 

Ross Geller

Ross Geller is a fictional character on the American sitcom "Friends", portrayed by David Schwimmer. He works in a museum. He usually wants everyone to be right in facts or grammar. He was divorced three times. He has a son Ben and a daughter Emma. His sister is Monica Geller. In the series finale he ends up having a relationship with Rachel Green.

Rachel Green

Rachel Green is a fictional character on the American sitcom "Friends". She is portrayed by Jennifer Aniston. Green worked as a waitress at Central Perk. Then she worked in Bloomingdales as an assistant. Then she was a manager of a Ralph Lauren company. She was divorced two times, one she left her fiancé at the altar. She has a daughter Emma. In the series finale she ends up having a relationship with Ross Geller.

Phoebe Buffay

Phoebe Buffay is a fictional character on the American sitcom "Friends". She is portrayed by Lisa Kudrow. Buffay sang terrible songs at Central Perk. Then she worked as a massage therapist. Her dad left her, her twin sister (Ursula), and her stepmother who would later commit suicide. She would later marry Mike Hanagan.

Henry Horner

Henry Horner (November 30, 1878 – October 6, 1940) was an American-Democrat politician. He was the 28th Governor of Illinois, serving from January 9, 1933 through October 6, 1940, when he died in office. Horner was the first Jewish governor of Illinois. A park is named after, Horner Park.

Horner was born on November 30, 1878 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at the University of Chicago. He later came back to Chicago five months later. He died in Winnetka, Illinois on October 6, 1940, aged 61.


Tina Louise

Tina Louise (b. Tina Black, February 11, 1934) is an American sitcom and movie actress. She is best known for playing Ginger Grant on the television series "Gilligan's Island". She also played a doomed housewife in the 1975 movie "The Stepford Wives", which was well received. She was born in New York City.

GLONASS

GLONASS ("") is a radio-based satellite navigation system. It is operated by the Russian Defence Forces. It provides an alternative to the United States' Global Positioning System (GPS). These are the only two navigational systems with global coverage. Some receivers can use both systems, giving more accurate locations, more quickly.


Quinquagesima

Quinquagesima is the Sunday before Ash Wednesday. In Catholicism it is now within Ordinary Time, but the word is still used in the Book of Common Prayer in Anglicanism.

Aubrey O'Day

Aubrey O'Day (born February 11, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter and reality television actress and participant. She was in the music group Danity Kane, from which she was fired in 2008. 

O'Day was born in San Francisco.

People's Sunday

People's Sunday is a tradition in Malta on the first Sunday of Lent. Many people went on pilgrimage to Zabbar to a chapel devoted to Our Lady of Graces.

Notting Hill

Notting Hill is an area of central London west of Westminster. It is known for its carnival each August, and for a movie set in the Portobello Road market starring Julia Roberts and Hugh Grant. The London Underground station Notting Hill Gate is on the Central line between Holland Park and Queensway.


Stefanie Powers

Stefanie Powers (born November 2, 1942) is an American actress and singer. She stars mainly in television programs. She played as Jennifer Hart in the 1980s series "Hart to Hart".

Powers was born near Los Angeles.

Luna Park, Tel Aviv

Luna Park, Tel Aviv is an amusement park complex in Tel Aviv Fairgrounds. It is managed by the "Israeli Entertainment Company" which also manages the Superland amusement park in Rishon Lezion. 


Superland

Superland is an amusement park in Rishon LeZion, Israel. It was opened in 1991. In 1992 it opened as a park with a lake next to it. In the 2000s, a stadium was built in the park. In 2012, a movie theater was opened in the park. 


The Great Giana Sisters

The Great Giana Sisters is a 1987 platform game known for resembling Nintendo's "Super Mario Brothers". The game was developed by Time Warp Productions and published by Rainbow Arts. Due to the game's similarity to Nintendo's "Super Mario Brothers", Nintendo threatened the game's makers with a legal action, and the game was removed from stores.

Players control one of two protagonists Giana or Maria. Players defeat enemies and collect gems and powerups in order to increase their score. The player's objective is to advance through each level.

Prionosuchus

Prionosuchus is a genus of extremely large temnospondyl amphibians from the Middle Permian (270 million years ago). Its remains were found in Brazil.

The fragmentary remains of this animal were found in the Parnaiba Basin of northeast Brazil. With an estimated length of 9 m (30 ft), "Prionosuchus" is the largest amphibian ever found.

It had an elongated and tapered snout, numerous sharp teeth, long body, short legs, and a tail adapted for swimming. 

Cox and Hutchinson re-evaluated "Prionosuchus" in 1991 and thought it was synonymous with the genus "Platyoposaurus" from Russia. However, "Platyoposaurus" had a total length of only 2.5 meters (8.2 ft), which suggested that the two animals were at least different species. The age of the sediments suggested the two were not comtemporaries. Most paleontologists consider "Prionosuchus" as a valid genus.

"Prionosuchus" lived in a humid and tropical environment as indicated by the petrified forest of the Pedra do Fogo formation in which the fossil was found. The strata of siltstones, shales and limestones were deposited in lagoonal and fluvial environments. Other animals discovered in the same rocks include fish (primitive sharks, palaeoniscids, and lungfish) and amphibians.

Its general appearance was similar to a modern crocodile, such as the gharial. It probably had a similar lifestyle as an ambush aquatic predator feeding on fish and other aquatic animals.

It was one of a group known as the Archegosaurs. The archegosaurs were a group of temnospondyls that occupied the ecological niche of crocodiles and alligators during the Permian. The smaller European genus "Archegosaurus" is typical. The group went extinct at the end of the Permian. In the Triassic, the niche was filled by other temnospondyls and by reptiles such as the phytosaurs.

Fleur de lys

The fleur de lys or fleur de lis (plural: fleurs de lys or fleurs de lis) is a stylized depiction of the lily or the iris. It is decorative and has been used for centuries on flags and on coats of arms.

Frans Hals

Frans Hals the Elder (c. 1582 – 26 August 1666) was a Dutch painter. He is known for his loose brushwork. He helped introduce this lively style of painting into Dutch art. Hals was also instrumental in the evolution of 17th century group portrait painting.

The Cube

The Cube is a British game show that airs on ITV. It is presented by Phillip Schofield. It began on 22 August 2009 and ended on 8 August 2015. The show ran for 9 series.

Contestants play a seven games to win £250,000. Games take place inside of a cube. The contestant is given nine lives. Each time a contestant fails, he lose a life, and must play the game again. If a contestant loses all of their lives, they go home with nothing. Contestants may stop with the money they have so far before any game. Before each game, contestants are shown how to play it by a character named "The Body." A contestant has two helps available. The first one is Simplify. This allows a contestant to make a game easier. The other one is Trial Run. This allows contestants to play the game without the risk of losing their lives.

There are seven games per contestant. The last game is a harder version of the game the contestant had the most trouble with. If a contestant wins all seven games, they win £250,000.


Pearl Bailey

Pearl Mae Bailey (March 29, 1918 – August 17, 1990) was an American actress, entertainer, and singer. She was known for her roles in "St. Louis Women", "Hello, Dolly!", and in "". She won a Grammy Award in 1959, an Emmy Award in 1968, a Screen Actors Guild Award in 1976, and a Tony Award in 1986.

Bailey was born on March 29, 1918 in Southampton County, Virginia. She was married to John Randolph Pinkett from 1948 until they divorced in 1952. Then she was married to Louie Bellson from 1952 until her death in 1990. They had two children, one adopted. Bailey died on August 17, 1990 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She was aged 72.


Robert Hegyes

Robert Hegyes (May 7, 1951 – January 26, 2012) was an American actor who was known for his role as Juan Epstein in the 1970s comedy sitcom "Welcome Back, Kotter".

Hegyes was born on May 7, 1951 in Perth Amboy, New Jersey to a Hungarian-Italian family. He was raised in Metuchen, New Jersey. Hegyes studied at Metuchen High School and at Glassboro State College. He was never married. Hegyes died on January 26, 2012 from a heart attack in Edison, New Jersey, aged 60.

Kings City

Kings City was an amusement park in Eilat, Israel. It is located in the hotels area of the city. The amusement park is dedicated to the Bible and was open in 2005 at a cost of US$40,000,000, and closed in 2015.


Xenophon

Xenophon (c. 430 – 354 BC), also known as Xenophon of Athens, was a Greek historian, soldier, mercenary, philosopher and a contemporary and admirer of Socrates. He is known for his writings on the history of his own times, the 4th century BC. He preserved the sayings of Socrates, and descriptions of life in ancient Greece and the Persian Empire. 

His most famous book was the "Anabasis", about the escape of Greek mercenaries after they fought for Cyrus the Younger. Cyrus wanted to be king of Persia but he died during the battle against his brother Antaxerxes, leaving only Xenophon to lead the Greeks our of danger. 

Praxiteles

Praxiteles was the most famous of the sculptors of the 4th century BC. He was the first to sculpt the nude female form in a life-size statue. While no sculpture by Praxiteles is extant, numerous copies of his works have survived. Several authors, including Pliny the Elder, wrote of his works. Coins engraved with silhouettes of his various famous statuary types from the period still exist. His works include "Hermes and the Infant Dionysus". 

Jack Thayer

John Borland "Jack" Thayer III (December 24, 1894 – September 20, 1945) was an American writer and historian. He was a first-class passenger on the RMS "Titanic". He helped many people to solve how the "Titanic" sank. He later wrote books about the sinking.

Thayer was born on December 24, 1894 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was married to Lois Cassatt until his death in 1945. Thayer committed suicide on September 20, 1945. He was depressed about his son's death during World War II. He was found in a car in Philadelphia with cuts on his wrist and throat, aged 50.


J. Bruce Ismay

Joseph Bruce Ismay (December 12, 1862 – October 17, 1937) was an English businessman. He was chairman and managing director of the White Star Line. He was known as the man who created the RMS "Titanic". He was one of the survivors, but because he survived many people thought he was afraid of dying and would later destroy his reputation.

Ismay was born on December 12, 1862 in Crosby, Lancashire, England. He was married to Julia Florence Schieffelin from 1888 until his death in 1937. They had five children. Ismay died on October 17, 1937 in Mayfair, London, England from a stroke, aged 74.


Cinereous vulture

The cinereous vulture ("Aegypius monachus") is also known as the 'black vulture', 'monk vulture', or 'Eurasian black vulture'. It is a member of the family Accipitridae. It is one of the two largest old world vultures.

This bird is an Old World vulture, and is only distantly related to the New World vultures, which are in a separate family, Cathartidae, of the same order. It is therefore not directly related to the much smaller American black vulture despite the similar name and coloration. 

Sarah Lancaster

Sarah Lancaster (February 12, 1980) is an American actress who stars primarily in sitcoms. She starred as Rachel Meyers in the sitcom "Saved by the Bell: The New Class" and Marjorie in "What about Brian". She was born in Overland Park, Kansas.

Search Engine Watch

Search Engine Watch (SEW) is a website with news and information about search engines and search engine marketing.

Search Engine Watch website was started by Danny Sullivan in 1996. In 1997, Sullivan sold it to MecklerMedia (now Jupitermedia). In 2005 the website and Search Engine Strategies were sold to Incisive Media for $43 million. On November 30, 2006 Danny Sullivan left Search Engine Watch. Rebecca Lieb became editor-in-chief next month.

Google's Matt Cutts has named Search Engine Watch "a must read." Yahoo's Tim Mayer has said that Search Engine Watch is the "most authoritative source on search." 


Kanon

Kanon () is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Key. It was released on 4 June 1999. It is playable on Windows PCs. Key later released versions of "Kanon" without the erotic content, and the game was ported to the Dreamcast, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable. After the game's release, Kanon made several transitions into other media. Two Manga series were serialized in Dengeki Daioh and Dragon Age Pure. Comic anthologies, light novels and art books were also published, as were audio dramas and several music albums. Toei Animation produced a 13-episode anime television series in 2002 and an original video animation (OVA) episode in 2003. Kyoto Animation produced a 24-episode anime series in 2006.

The story follows the life of Yuichi Aizawa, a high school student who returns to a city he last visited seven years ago, and he has little recollection (memories) of the events from back then. He meets several girls and slowly regains his lost memories.

He is the main character of the story. He is friendly and outgoing. In the beginning of the story he moves to a new city and lives with his cousin, Nayuki Minase. He visited the town many years ago, but has since lost most of his memories of the place.

Ayu is the main female character of the story. She is lively and energetic, and wears a backpack with wings on it. Her catchphrase is "uguu", which she uses to express emotions such as frustration, anger, or fear, Yuichi enjoys teasing her about it. She refers to herself as "boku", a Japanese masculine word for "I". Her favorite food is taiyaki. Although she looks very young, she is actually the same age as Yuichi (17 years old).

Nayuki is Yuichi's cousin. Yuichi moves in with her at the start of the story.

Mai is a third-year student at the same high school Yuichi goes to. He met her standing alone in the school building at night, with a sword in her hand. At nighttime when no one is in the school, she comes in to fight and defeat demons. People are always blaming her for accidents that happen at the school, though she never denies them.


Division of North Sydney

The Division of North Sydney is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. The division is named after the North Sydney area. It was set up in 1900 for the first federal election in 1901. 

The electoral division includes the suburbs of Artarmon, Cammeray, Cremorne, Cremorne Point, Crows Nest, Gore Hill, Greenwich, Henley, Hunters Hill, Huntleys Point, Kirribilli, Lane Cove, Lane Cove North, Lane Cove West, Lavender Bay, Linley Point, Longueville, McMahons Point, Milsons Point, Naremburn, Neutral Bay, North Sydney,Northbridge, Northwood, Riverview, St Leonards, Tarban, Waverton, Wollstonecraft, Woolwich and parts of Castlecrag, Gladesville and Willoughby. 

North Sydney is one of only two original divisions in New South Wales, which have never been held by the ALP. It has been held by a member of a non-Labor party for all but six years, when independent Ted Mack held it. It was held after the December 1922 election by Prime Minister Billy Hughes. Hughes was replaced as Nationalist party leader, and therefore Prime Minister by Stanley Bruce in February 1923. Joe Hockey was Treasurer in the Abbott Government, but lost his position when Malcolm Turnbull became Prime Minister. Hockey resigned from Parliament which caused a by-election, and was then appointed as the Ambassador to the US.

The electoral division includes the suburbs of Artarmon, Cammeray, Cremorne, Cremorne Point, Crows Nest, Gore Hill, Greenwich, Henley, Hunters Hill, Huntleys Point, Kirribilli, Lane Cove, Lane Cove North, Lane Cove West, Lavender Bay, Linley Point, Longueville, McMahons Point, Milsons Point, Naremburn, Neutral Bay, North Sydney,Northbridge, Northwood, Riverview, St Leonards, Tarban, Waverton, Wollstonecraft, Woolwich and parts of Castlecrag, Gladesville and Willoughby. 

North Sydney is one of only two original divisions in New South Wales, which have never been held by the ALP. It has been held by a member of a non-Labor party for all but six years, when independent Ted Mack held it. It was held after the December 1922 election by Prime Minister Billy Hughes. Hughes was replaced as Nationalist party leader, and therefore Prime Minister by Stanley Bruce in February 1923. Joe Hockey was Treasurer in the Abbott Government, but lost his position when Malcolm Turnbull became Prime Minister. Hockey resigned from Parliament which caused a by-election, and was then appointed as the Ambassador to the US.


Exit to Eden

Exit to Eden is a 1994 comedy-thriller movie. Rosie O'Donnell, Dana Delany and Dan Aykroyd are in the cast. This movie is about undercover police, sex and vacationing on an island. "Exit to Eden" got attention because of sexual content and well-known actors in the cast.

A young and attractive photographer named Elliot Slater is in southern California. He has been uncomfortable with his sexual matters, which are in the BDSM realm.

But before he begins his journey of sexual discovery, what Slater doesn't know is that he has photographed an international jewel thief named Omar. No other photos exist on Omar. The jewel thief has a criminal partner named Nina. Omar and Nina are wanting to recover the photographic film so Omar can stay anonymous.

Omar and Nina follow Elliot to an island resort called "Eden" and pose as vacationers. The island resort is operated by a mistress named Lisa Emerson. Following a tip that Omar is on the island, two undercover police officers, Fred Lavery and Sheila Kingston, also arrive. Fred is disguised as a handyman; Sheila as a vacationer.

Fred and Sheila send Omar and Nina into jail. Elliot later asks Lisa to marry him; Lisa says yes.


"Exit to Eden" received attention during its release because of the BDSM themes and full-frontal female nudity. It also got attention for its cast members, the director and the writer of the novel on which the movie was based.

It didn't receive good reviews from critics. The critics were disappointed and confused about the combination of the original story and comedy elements. Rotten Tomatoes rated this movie at 6%, meaning "rotten" reviews. Roger Ebert gave the movie only half a star.

The movie was released on October 14, 1994.

Rosie O'Donnell won a Razzie Award for the Worst Supporting Actress. Dan Aykroyd was nominated for the Worst Supporting Actor. Both were nominated as the Worst Screen Couple.

Australian War Memorial

The Australian War Memorial is Australia's national memorial. It recognises all members of the armed forces and organisations who have died or taken part in the wars of the Commonwealth of Australia. The memorial includes a large military museum. Opened in 1941, it is one of the most significant memorials of its type in the world.

The Memorial is in Australia's capital, Canberra. It is the north end of the city's ceremonial land axis. This is a line from Parliament House on Capital Hill to Mount Ainslie. No roads directly link the two points, but there is a clear line of sight between Parliament House and the War Memorial.

The Australian War Memorial has three parts. The first is the Commemorative Area (shrine) including the Hall of Memory with the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier. The second is the museum. The third part is the Research Centre. The Memorial also has an outdoor Sculpture Garden. The Memorial is open daily from 10am until 5pm, except on Christmas Day.

Anzac Parade, while a part of the Memorial design, is maintained by the National Capital Authority (NCA).

Charles Bean, Australia's official World War I historian, first thought of a museum memorial to Australian soldiers while observing the 1916 battles in France. The Australian War Records Section began in May 1917 to keep the records relating to the war being fought at the time. Records and items were first shown in Melbourne and later Canberra.

A design competition in 1927 did not produce a winning entry. Two entrants, Sydney architects Emil Sodersten and John Crust, were asked to work together on a design. A limited budget and the effects of the Depression limited the project.

The building was completed in 1941, after the start of World War II. It was officially opened on Remembrance Day, 11 November 1941, by the Governor-General Lord Gowrie. Gowrie was a former soldier who had been awarded the Victoria Cross. The building has been extended to allow the remembrance of Australia's role in other more recent conflicts.

Remembrance Nature Park, behind the War Memorial, is the Canberra end of the Remembrance Driveway, a system of parks, landmarks and road-side stops between Sydney and Canberra. It commeorates the 24 World War II and Vietnam War Victoria Cross recipients.

ANZAC Parade is a short, broad street named after the soldiers of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps. It reaches from the north shore of Lake Burley Griffin to the Memorial, along the line of sight from Parliament House. It separates the residential suburbs of Campbell and Reid, and is used by a lot of traffic between northeastern Canberra (Dickson etc.) and Kings Avenue Bridge.

On each side of the Parade are monuments for military campaigns or services, such as the Vietnam War and Australia's wartime nurses. The monuments are mostly sculptures in styles from naturalistic to Modern.

Near the lake are a pair of monumental sculptures in the form of large basket handles, donated to the Memorial by New Zealand. They are dedicated to Australia and New Zealand and are inspired by the Māori proverb "Mau tena kiwai o te kete, maku tenei", "Each of us at a handle of the basket". This symbolises the long tradition of cooperation and general closeness between the two Commonwealth countries.

The symbolic association of the two nations is also shown in the plants along ANZAC Parade. Long beds of New Zealand "Hebe" shrubs line the middle of the avenue. Behind the two rows of monuments are narrow bands of Australian eucalyptus trees. Behind the trees are narrow residential streets paralleling the Parade and separating it from the residential neighbourhoods. In the high summer, cicadas in the eucalyptus trees can be heard from several blocks away.

The Australian War Memorial is at the northern end of Anzac Parade. The commemorative area is in the open centre of the memorial building with cloisters on each side. There is the Hall of Memory under the building's central dome and the sculpture garden on the west lawn.

The heart of the commemorative area is the "Hall of Memory". This is a tall domed chapel with a small floor plan in the form of an octagon. The walls are lined with tiny mosaic tiles from the floor to the dome. Inside lies the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier.

Three of the walls, facing east, west, and south, have stained glass designs showing qualities of Australian servicemen and women. At the four walls facing northeast, northwest, southeast, and southwest are mosaic images of a sailor, a servicewoman, a soldier and an airman. The mosaic and stained glass were the work of the one-armed Australian artist Napier Waller. He had lost his right arm at Bullecourt during World War I and learned to write and create his works with his left arm. He completed his work in 1958.

In front of the Hall of Memory is a narrow courtyard with a memorial pool surrounding an eternal flame. On either side are paths and gardens, including plantings of rosemary for remembrance. Above the courtyard on either side are long cloisters containing the "Roll of Honour". This is a series of bronze plaques naming the 102,000 Australian servicemen and women killed in conflict. The plaques include names dating back to the British Sudanese Expedition, the Second Boer War, and the Boxer Rebellion. The entire long wall of the western gallery is covered with the names of the thousands who died in World War I. The eastern gallery is covered with the names of those who died in World War II and more recent conflicts.

The roll shows the names only, not rank or other awards, as "all men are equal in death". Visitors have put poppies next to the names of their relatives and friends. 

A small exhibit in the museum indicates that the famous Breaker Morant of the Boer War does not appear in the Roll of Honour. This was not because he was dishonoured, but rather because he was not actually a member of the Australian armed forces.

When the Memorial closes each day, there is a ceremony at which visitors can gather at the entrance, hear a very brief explanation from a host, and listen as a recording of the "Last Post" is played. On significant days, a piper or a bugler descends from the gallery, playing the Last Post.

The commemorative area is the main place in Canberra where Anzac Day and Remembrance Day services are held. These services are normally attended by Federal parliament representatives and officials from foreign embassies and Commonwealth high commissions, most notably those from New Zealand. 

The Memorial is a two-storey building with a floor plan in the shape of a cross. The building is of Byzantine architecture style with strong elements of Art Deco. In 2001, a new, broad annex called "ANZAC Hall" was added to the north of the original building. In order to preserve the view of the original building from Anzac Parade, ANZAC Hall was designed to be sunk into the grounds below, and hidden behind a wall.

The upper level has displays on World War I (the entire west wing) and World War II (the entire east wing). In the World War I area there is a lot material about the Gallipoli campaign. Between the wings lies "Aircraft Hall", which contains a number of complete aircraft, mostly from the World War II era.

Also between the wings is the "Hall of Valour", a display of 61 of the 96 Victoria Crosses awarded to Australian soldiers. This is the largest public collection of Victoria Crosses in the world. There is a display for the holder of each Cross shown there. The relatives of Australian VC holders often give or loan the Crosses to the Memorial for safekeeping and greater public awareness of their honoured kin.

On 24 July 2006 Kerry Stokes purchased the 60th medal at auction for a world record price of A$1,000,000 and asked that it be displayed in the Victoria Cross Gallery. This medal was awarded to Captain Alfred Shout for hand-to-hand combat at the Lone Pine trenches in Gallipoli, Turkey. The Victoria Cross Gallery now has all nine VCs awarded to Australians at Gallipoli. These were to Alexander Burton, William Dunstan, John Hamilton, Albert Jacka, Leonard Keysor, Alfred Shout, William Symons, Hugo Throssell and Frederick Tubb.

The lower level contains a theatre, a research area, displays for the colonial and post–World War II conflicts. There is also an area for special exhibitions.

ANZAC Hall is on the upper level of the memorial, used for the display of large military equipment. This includes a historic Lancaster bomber known as G for George, a Japanese "Ko-hyoteki" class midget submarine sunk during a raid on Sydney Harbour in 1942, German aircraft including the Me 262 and Me 163, and a restored Japanese A6M Zero, that was flown in combat over New Guinea. The eastern side includes a World War I aircraft exhibition, which includes a Royal Aircraft Factory SE5a, Pzalz D.XII and Albatros D.Va.
A gift shop and two coffee shops are on site, one overlooking ANZAC Hall, called "The Landing Place", and the other on the eastern side of the main building, called "The Terrace".

The sculpture garden on the west lawn of the Memorial contains a variety of outdoor monuments. The sidewalk through the garden is has bronze plaques commemorating various branches of service, specific units, and historical events. There are also a number of sculptures, including a gigantic figure of a World War II Australian soldier which was originally located in the Hall of Memory, before the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier was placed there. There is a gun turret from HMAS "Brisbane", a gun barrel from the heavy cruiser HMAS "Australia" and the barrel from the Amiens Gun – a huge railroad gun captured from the Germans during World War I.

This area is used for special displays. Summertime band concerts are held on the nearby lawn.


Michel de Montaigne

Michel Eyquem de Montaigne (28 February 1533 — 13 September 1592) was a French Renaissance man, statesman, and writer. He was a court official in the late Valois-Angoulême period of the Kingdom of France. Montaigne was the inventor of essay-writing and was one of the most important philosophers of the French Renaissance.



Anna Shaffer

Anna Shaffer is an English actress, best known for her role as Ruby Button in teen soap opera "Hollyoaks," and for her role as Romilda Vane in the Harry Potter film series.

AccuWeather

AccuWeather is an American media organization that provides non-profit worldwide weather forecasts. The name "AccuWeather" is a portmanteau for "accurate" and "weather". 

The network was founded in 1962 by Joel N. Myers, then a Penn State graduate student working on degrees in meteorology. The company adopted the name "AccuWeather" in 1971. It is centered in State College, Pennsylvania. AccuWeather is a strong provider for a lot of local television stations, and does guest commentaries on major television, networks.


LionsXII

LionsXII is a Singapore football team based at Jalan Besar Stadium. Managed by the Football Association of Singapore, the squad marks the return of Singapore to the Malaysia football scene after leaving the Malaysia Cup in 1994. The name "LionsXII" is a special tribute to the fans, who are generally recognised as football's "12th Man".

In 2011, the Football Association of Singapore and the Football Association of Malaysia reached an agreement that would see greater cooperation between the two nations. The Under-23s would play in the Malaysian Super League and Malaysia Cup from 2012 onwards, the first time a Singaporean team would be in Malaysian domestic football since 1994, when Singapore won the M-League and Malaysia Cup double. Although the new Singapore team would have the existing Under-23s forming its core, senior players were also called upon to guide the younger players. No foreign players were allowed to be part of the Singapore team.

The LionsXII debuted in the 2012 Malaysia Super League on 10 January 2012 with a 1–2 loss to defending champions Kelantan FA. The LionsXII's first win was a 2–1 victory over Kuala Lumpur FA on 17 January. The LionsXII's first away win was a 1–0 victory over Sabah FA on 21 January. LionsXII began their 2012 Malaysia FA Cup quest on 18 February, with a 3–0 win over UiTM FC. The LionsXII made their way to the quarter-final with a 2–0 win over Betaria FC on 10 March 2012. However, they were beaten by Terengganu FA in the quarter-finals. On 16 June 2012, they defeated Sabah FA 9–0 at home, the biggest win in the MSL season. LionsXII finished second in the league behind Kelantan FA, and bowed out of the semi-final of the 2012 Malaysia Cup after losing in a penalty shoot-out against ATM FA.

LionsXII were set a target of finishing in the top five for the 2013 Malaysia Super League when a press conference was held before the start of the season. The five overage players included key members from the previous campaign such as Shahril Ishak, Isa Halim, and Baihakki Khaizan. The main aim was to develop the U-23 players and prepare them for the upcoming 2013 Southeast Asian Games that would be held at the end of the year, with the five seniors players serving to guide them throughout the campaign. As at the start of the campaign, 13 players were also undergoing National Service.

LionsXII began their campaign by defeating ATM FA 1–0 away. In their first home match, they successfully edged out traditional rivals Selangor FA for the first time since joining the MSL. However, LionsXII stumbled to two losses against lowly T-Team FC and PKNS FC away. They also crashed out against in the first round of the 2013 Malaysia FA Cup against PKNS. Despite this, LionsXII went on a long unbeaten streak, securing important wins over Pahang FA (3–0), Kelantan FA (1–0), and ATM FA (3–1) at home. The opposing coaches even conceded the title to the LionsXII leading up to the end of the season, as the team chalked up the best home record in the league, winning 10 and drawing one (with the draw coming in Round 19 against title-contender Johor Darul Takzim FC.

On 2 July 2013, a 4–0 win over relegation-threatened FELDA United FC in the penultimate league game made LionsXII league champions. Singapore's Prime Minister, Lee Hsien Loong was present for the match played in front of a sold-out crowd at the Jalan Besar Stadium. The MSL trophy was also brought to Jalan Besar Stadium as the LionsXII received it on home soil after the final whistle. LionsXII became the first foreign team to win the MSL, adding to the four Malaysian league titles it had won in 1979, 1981, 1985, and 1994. The title run was defined by a combination of good defence (13 goals conceded, the best record in the MSL) and goals from set-pieces (17 out of 32).

LionsXII ground stadium is Jalan Besar Stadium in Singapore. The stadium can host 8,000 supporters in total. On 30 October 2012, a new high-definition LED scoreboard was implemented at the Gallery to provide better quality to the spectators as it will be able replay video highlights of the action on the field.

LionsXII boasts a lot of passionate supporters who will always turn up in red to support them in every home match. Their official fan group is called ExcluSinga accredited by the Football Association of Singapore. The group was formed from their news-providing Facebook page, Exclusive Singapore LIONSXII, which provides regular and exclusive updates which recognised by the Football Association of Singapore and became their official fan club in April 2012 soon after the LionsXII was formed on 25 March 2012.

Members of ExcluSinga will make their appearances in LionsXII matches chanting and supporting the team throughout the whole 90 minutes.

They have over 1,000 members in their Facebook group.

On 5 January 2012, Football Association of Singapore announced the appointment of StarHub as the Official Broadcaster and Principal Sponsor of LionsXII. As part of the partnership, StarHub will carry all LionsXII content on its pay TV, online and mobile platforms. Two days after the announcement of the kit, LionsXII sealed a second major sponsorship deal, with news that SilkPro will fund the Singapore outfit to the tune of S$1m during its debut season in Malaysia Super League. On 23 February 2012, LionsXII secured another sponsorship deal, with Shop N Save, a Singapore supermarket, coming on board as the 'Official Supermarket' for the Singapore outfit in its debut season in the Malaysian Super League.

"Updated on 3 July 2013"

Updated on 1 May 2013

Malaysia Super League<br>
Total goals scored: 32 <br>
Total goals conceded: 13

Malaysia FA Cup<br>
Total goals scored: 0 <br>
Total goals conceded: 1

Water resistance

Water resistance may refer to:


Harlem Shake

The Harlem Shake is an Internet meme that became popular in February 2013. It started with a video by a YouTube user named Filthy Frank. The trend spread with people trying to replicate the video. The videos feature the song "Harlem Shake" by electronic musician Baauer, and a dance. Normally, each video begins with one person (often wearing a mask) dancing to the song alone, surrounded by other people who seem to be unaware of the person dancing. When the bass drops, the entire crowd starts doing the dance. The video tends to be 30 seconds long.

Several reports have compared the Harlem shake to the Gangnam Style meme that was popular during 2012.


Charter Communications

Charter Communications is a cable system group begun in Delaware in 1993. They have Cable television, Internet and telephone services for over 26 million customers in 41 U.S. States.

The Charter headquarters are in Stamford, Connecticut, though many operations remain in St. Louis, Missouri.

The company has gotten several awards. But like certain other providers, they have also been under criticism.

In May 2016, Charter took over Time Warner Cable and the Bright House Networks; the three companies merged and then became Spectrum.

Bearded vulture

The bearded vulture ("Gypaetus barbatus"), also known as the lammergeier or lammergeyer, is a bird of prey. It is the only member of the genus Gypaetus.

An Old World vulture, it forms a minor line of the Accipitridae with the Egyptian vulture, its closest living relative. They are not much more closely related to the Old World vultures proper than to hawks. They differ from Old World vultures by their feathered neck.

It eats mainly carrion and lives and breeds on crags in high mountains in southern Europe, the Caucasus, Africa, the Indian subcontinent, and Tibet. The females lay one or two eggs in mid-winter that hatch at the beginning of spring. Populations are resident.

Abu Kabir Forensic Institute

Abu Kabir Forensic Institute (L. Greenberg National Institute of Forensic Medicine; ) is the only forensics institute in Israel. It is in Tel Aviv.


Israel Meteorological Service

The Israel Meteorological Service is the central service for weather forecasting and climate research in Israel. It includes 30 weather stations. It is located in Rishon LeZion. It is also a unit in the Israeli Ministry of Transport.


Burning Man

Burning Man is a festival that happens every year at Black Rock Desert in northern Nevada, in the United States. It lasts a week, and it starts on the last Monday in August, and ends on the first Monday in September (which is also Labor Day in the U.S.). The festival is called Burning Man because a large wood sculpture of a man is set on fire on Saturday. The festival has been happening every year since 1990. Many people go to Burning Man; in 2012, over 55,000 people were there. The Black Rock desert is far from any cities or towns, and is very dry, so people who go to Burning Man have to bring their own water, food, and shelter.

Burning Man started in 1986 in San Francisco. An artist named Larry Harvey made a wooden sculpture of a man, and decided to burn it at a nearby beach as a bonfire for Summer Solstice. It was a success, so he did it again at the beach the next year, and then again a couple years after that. Each year the sculpture was made bigger. In 1987 “the Man” was almost tall, and in 1989 it was almost tall.

In 1990, the police stopped Harvey from burning the Man because Harvey did not have a permit. 
Around the same time, two people named Kevin Evans and John Law were planning a group trip to a dry lake, called The Playa, in the Black Rock Desert. They were members of a group of Dadaists named the Cacophony Society. Harvey decided to take the sculpture, which had been taken apart, to the desert to be burned. Since that time the festival has happened in the desert.

John Law knew how to make neon signs, so starting in 1991 neon lights have been added to the Man.

One of the members of the Cacophony Society is named Michael Mikel, who uses the name “Danger Ranger”. He was worried about people getting lost in the desert, which can be very dangerous. He started a group named the Black Rock Rangers to help keep people safe, and to help break up conflicts.

Starting in 1991, Harvey got a permit from the Bureau of Land Management (who take care of land owned by the US government) to hold the festival. The festival was becoming more popular every year. In 1991 about 250 people were there. In 1995 about 4,000 people were there, and in 1997 it was about 10,000. In 2000 attendance was about 25,000, and by 2010 it had reached over 50,000 people. The festival has become so large, sometimes it is called "Black Rock City" because it is like a small city.

Harvey wrote 10 principles to suggest how he thought people at Burning Man behave. These principles are:

Everyone who goes to Burning Man must have a ticket. Tickets must be bought before the festival starts.

Burning Man is designed for pedestrians and people on bicycles. Most cars can only be used for entering or leaving the festival. Because there have been many car accidents in the past, cars are only allowed to go 5 miles per hour.

Money is only allowed for a few things at Burning Man. It can only be used to buy ice, to buy coffee and other drinks, to pay for recreational vehicle services, to pay for emergency services like an auto mechanic or a locksmith, and a few other things.

Guns, fireworks, and dogs, are not allowed.

Many artists choose to show their art at Burning Man. Because the dry lake where the festival happens is so empty, it is like a white canvas. 

Every year since 1996 Harvey has chosen a theme, which is a word or idea that some of the artists use as part of their artwork. For example, in 2011 the theme was “Rites of Passage”, while in 2013 the theme was "Cargo Cults". 

People who want to bring motor vehicles to drive around while at Burning Man must get permission before they arrive. The group that gives permission is called the "Department of Mutant Vehicles”, or DMV. The cars, trucks, and buses must be changed to look very different from normal. These are called "Mutant vehicles". Mutant vehicles often have complicated lights. Some mutant vehicles have loudspeakers for playing music, and some have flames and other pyrotechnics.

The city that is built for the festival is named "Black Rock City", or "BRC" for short. Because it is so big, some volunteers start building about 3 weeks before the festival starts. Some people also stay as long as 4 weeks after to clean-up and take everything apart. 

The city has streets which are planned in the shape of a clock. There are streets that go towards the Man, which are named after times on a clock (12:00, 12:30, 1:00, and so on). There are also streets that curve in a circle around the Man. These streets are given new names every year. The area closest to the Man doesn't have any buildings or tents. This area only has different works of art. The street that runs along the inside of the circle surrounding the Man is called the Esplanade.

A small airport is also built every year, away from the rest of the city. 

The Sierra Club has said that all of the cars and trucks coming and going to the desert produces too much carbon dioxide gas, which causes global warming. A group of people at Burning Man started a group called Black Rock Solar. This group built solar panels for schools in a nearby town, so that less carbon dioxide needs to be produced. 


Tyre, Lebanon

Tyre is a city in the south of Lebanon. About 120,000 people lived there in 2003. The Phoenicians originally built the city. It is known as "Tyrus" in Latin, and "Tyros" in Greek. Its name in Arabic and Turkish is "Suur".

Norodom Sihanouk

Norodom Sihanouk (October 31, 1922 – October 15, 2012) was the King of Cambodia from 1941 to 1955 and again from 1993 to 2004. He was in the Guinness Book of Records because he had had the most political duties in the world. He served as the 1st, 12th, 16th, 20th, 23rd, 25th, 27th, 35th, and 37th Prime Minister of Cambodia. He was exiled in 2004 and later left his throne in the same year.

Sihanouk was born on October 31, 1922 in Phnom Penh, French Indochina. He studied at the Cavalry Military School. Sihanouk was married six times. His last wife was Norodom Monineath from 1952 until his death in 2012. Sihanouk had 14 children. He had suffered prostate cancer. Sihanouk died on October 15, 2012 while on a trip to Beijing, China from a heart attack, aged 89.


David Dinkins

David Norman Dinkins (July 10, 1927 – November 23, 2020) was an American politician and activist. He served as the 106th Mayor of New York City from January 1, 1990 through December 31, 1993. He lost reelection in 1993 to Rudy Giuliani. He was the first African American mayor of New York City.

Dinkins was born on July 10, 1927 in Trenton, New Jersey. He studied at Harvard University and at the Brooklyn Law School. Dinkins was married to Joyce Burrows until her death in 2020. They had two children.

Dinkins died on November 23, 2020 at his home in New York City from respiratory failure, aged 93.


Thomas E. Dewey

Thomas Edmund Dewey (March 24, 1902 – March 16, 1971) was an American politician. He served as the 47th Governor of New York from January 1, 1943 through December 31, 1954. He ran for President two times, and he lost both of them. He was mostly known for losing to Harry S. Truman when the "Chicago Tribune" mistakenly printed newspapers that said Dewey Defeats Truman.

Dewey was born on March 24, 1902 in Owosso, Michigan. He studied at the University of Michigan and at the Columbian Law School. Dewey was married to Frances Hutt from 1928 until her death 1970. Dewey died while on a trip to Miami, Florida from a heart attack on March 16, 1971, aged 68.


Robert M. La Follette

Robert Marion "Fighting Bob" La Follette, Sr. (June 14, 1855 – June 18, 1925) was an American Republican. He was a Senator from Wisconsin from January 2, 1906 until his death on June 18, 1925. He ran for President in 1924, but lost. If La Follette won he would have been the seventh President to die in office. He is thought to be one of the greatest Senators of American History.

La Follette was born on June 14, 1855 in Primrose, Wisconsin. He is of English-Scottish-French descent. He studied at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. La Follette was married to Belle Case Le Follette from 1881 until his death in 1925. They had four children. La Follette died on June 18, 1925 in Washington, D.C. from a heart disease, aged 70.


The Piano Teacher

The Piano Teacher is an erotic drama movie of 2001 about a piano professor for a musical conservatory. The subjects of this drama are piano playing, voyeurism and masochism. "The Piano Teacher" received positive review by critics, and several international awards.

Planetarian: Chiisana Hoshi no Yume

Key defines "Planetarian" as a "kinetic novel", since its gameplay offers no choices or alternate endings. Instead, the player proceeds through the story solely by reading. The story is written by Yūichi Suzumoto and "Planetarian" is one of two Key games not to have Itaru Hinoue as an artist, using Eeji Komatsu instead. The game's soundtrack was composed and arranged by Key's signature composers Magome Togoshi and Shinji Orito.

The story centers around a middle-aged man who comes across a malfunctioning robot in a dead city. The man, known simply as "the junker", stays with this robot for a time and attempts to fix the projector of the planetarium where the story takes place.

A light novel of short stories set in the world of "Planetarian" was released in April 2006. Three audio dramas have also been produced. David Production produced a five-episode original net animation series and an anime movie in 2016.


Har Nof

Har Nof (, meaning "scenic mountain") is a mountain in Jerusalem. It is a famous neighborhood of important Israeli Rabbis. There are ancient terraces in the neighborhood, which were used for growing grapes. There are also many presses, from the Second Temple carved in the rock, suggesting a large Jewish community at the time. There are also ruins from fortifications dating from the Herodian period.

The ruins of a castle and a small pond were found in one of the lowest streets in the neighborhood. The fort was from the time of the Second Temple, and was populated by guards who protected the pilgrims visiting the temple. Opposite the castle, an ancient wine press was found, which probably belonged to the fortress' guards.


National Gallery of Australia

The National Gallery of Australia is the national art museum of Australia. It is in Canberra. It holds more than 120,000 works of art in its collection. The gallery was established in 1967 by the Australian government. The construction of the building started in 1973, and cost AU$82 million. It was officially opened by Queen Elizabeth II in 1982.

The gallery is northeast of Parliament House. It is near the High Court and the National Library. There are three levels of galleries. On the main floor, the galleries are large, and are used to display the collections of Indigenous Australian, European and American art. The lower level also contains a series of large galleries, used to display the Asian art collection. The topmost level contains a series of smaller galleries, which holds the gallery's collection of Australian art. A smaller building on the eastern side of the gallery holds the gallery's temporary exhibitions. It includes a sculpture garden. A major expansion of the gallery began in 2006. It included several new galleries for indigenous Australian art.

The gallery's collection of indigenous Australian art is mostly modern, but in traditional forms. It is dominated by a memorial of 200 painted tree trunks commemorating all the indigenous people who died defending their land against invaders in the 200 years between 1788 and 1988. Each trunk is a coffin, which in the Yolngu culture is used to mark the safe journey of the soul of the dead from this world to the next.

The collection of non-indigenous Australian art includes work by Frederick McCubbin, Tom Roberts, William Dobell, Sidney Nolan, and many other famous artists. The gallery's international collection is mainly focused on late-19th-century and 20th-century art. Artists represented include Paul Cézanne, Claude Monet, Pablo Picasso, Jackson Pollock, Andy Warhol, Roy Lichtenstein, David Hockney, Lucian Freud and Henri Matisse. The sculpture garden contains works by Bert Flugelman, Henry Moore, Fujiko Nakaya and Auguste Rodin.


West North Central States

The West North Central States are made up of seven US States: Iowa, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota and Kansas. The region is defined by the United States Census Bureau and is populated by between 20 million and 21 million people. This region is also regarded by the names of "Heartland" or "The Farm Belt".

Alonzo Gee

Alonzo Gee (born May 29, 1987) is an NBA basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers. He went to the University of Alabama.

East North Central States

The East North Central States are a region that consists of five US States: Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio and , according to the . Almost fifty million people live in this region. Some non-government groups may put the State of Kentucky within this group, although the Census Bureau usually has Kentucky in the East South Central region.

Pemako

Pemako is a region in the southeast corner of Tibet. It is considered to be the sacred place for Tibetans, and a place for pilgrimages. Many popular lamas visited the place in search of termas, which were hidden during the crisis in Tibet.

Israel Space Agency

Israel Space Agency (ISA; , "") is a government agency of Israel. It oordinates all Israeli space research programmes with scientific and commercial goals. It is part of the Ministry of Science and Technology of Israel. It was established in 1983. The head of the ISA is Major Gen. (ret.) Prof. Yitzhak Ben Yisrael.


Oscar Pistorius

Oscar Leonard Carl Pistorius (born 22 November 1986) is a South African former sprint runner. He is serving a prison sentence for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.

Pistorius was born in Sandton, Johannesburg. Both of his legs are amputated above the ankle, and he runs with prostheses. Pistorius competed in races for athletes with disabilities. He first ran in international competitions for able-bodied athletes in 2007.

In 2011, he competed in the World Championships, and as part of South Africa's silver-medal-winning relay team, he became the first amputee to win an able-bodied world track medal. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Pistorius became the first double-leg amputee to compete in the Olympics. He also competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He won gold medals in the men's 400 metre race in a Paralympic record time of 46.68 seconds and in the 4 × 100 metres relay in a world record time of 41.78 seconds. He also won a silver in the 200 metres race.

On 14 February 2013, he shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp dead in his house. He was charged with murder, but is not in prison because he paid a R1 million to be released on bail. His murder trial began on 3 March 2014 in Pretoria. During the trial, Pistorius was diagnosed with generalised anxiety disorder. On 11 September, he was found not guilty of murder. On 12 September 2014, he was convicted of manslaughter.

In November 2014, prosecutors asked the sentencing judge for permission to appeal the verdict. Permission was granted in December, and the case was presented to a five-person panel at the Supreme Court of Appeal. He was released on house arrest, and on 3 December 2015 the Appeal Court overturned the culpable homicide verdict and convicted him of murder. Pistorius appeared in court on 13 June 2016 to start the sentence hearing for the murder conviction; on 6 July he was sentenced to six years imprisonment for murder. On 24 November 2017, Pistorius's sentence was extended by 13 years and five months. He tried to appeal but failed.

On 5 January 2024, Pistorius was released from prison on parole. His sentence ends on 5 December 2029 and he will have conditions until the sentence is over.

Randolph Street

Randolph Street is a street in Chicago. It runs east-west through the Chicago Loop. It carries traffic west from Michigan Avenue across the Chicago River. The street runs through the whole city. The street is named after Edmund Randolph.

Michigan Avenue

Michigan Avenue is a major north-south street in Chicago. It runs at 100 east on the Chicago grid. The northern end of the street is at Lake Shore Drive on the shore of Lake Michigan in the Gold Coast Historic District. The avenue is named after the state of Michigan. The avenue is also known for shopping stores, museums, and tall buildings. Part of Michigan Avenue is called the Magnificent Mile.

It is the location of the annual November Magnificent Mile Lights Festival hosted by Disney.


Kud Wafter

The story follows the lives of high school students Riki Naoe and his close friend Kudryavka Noumi as they start to see more of each other in a romantic relationship. The gameplay in "Kud Wafter" follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the title character Kudryavka, also known as for short.


Margaret Truman

Mary Margaret Truman Daniel (February 17, 1924 – January 29, 2008) was an American singer, writer, and historian. She wrote many mystery and historical books. She was the daughter of U.S. President Harry S. Truman and Bess Truman.

Truman was born on February 17, 1924 in Independence, Missouri. She studied at George Washington University. Truman was married to Clifton Daniel from 1956 until his death in 2000. They had four children. Truman died on January 29, 2008 in her son's home in Chicago, Illinois from a respiratory infection, aged 83.


Pope Stephen IV

Pope Stephen IV was Pope from June 816 to January 817. He died of old age.


Michael Mann

Michael Kenneth Mann (born February 5, 1943) is an American movie director, screenwriter, and movie producer. He is known for his works in "Manhunter", "Ali", "Collateral", "Hancock", and in "Public Enemies". He won an Emmy Award in 1979.

Mann was born on February 5, 1943 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Mann has been married to Summer Mann since 1974. They have four children. 


Bille Brown

William Gerard "Bille" Brown AM (11 January 1952 – 13 January 2013) was an Australian actor and playwright. He was known for his roles in "Fierce Creatures", "The Man Who Sued God", "The Dish", and in "". Brown and Geoffrey Rush were good friends. He was openly gay.

Brown was born on 11 January 1952 in Biloela, Queensland, Australia. He studied at Queensland University. 

Brown died on 13 January 2013 in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia from bowel cancer, aged 61.


Saqqez

Saqqez (, ) is a city in the west of Iran. According to 2006 census, 131,348 people lived there. Saqqez is famous because of its ancient history and the remaining of a historic fort located on north-east of the city, named "Zehweeya". The city is in Kurdistan Province, in Iranian Kurdistan. 

The name Saqqez derives from the Scythian word "Skate""."

People of Saqqez are Kurds and speak in Kurdish language, they also speak in Persian which is the official language of Iran. Most of the people are following Islam. In recent years there was a huge community of Sufis in Saqqez, they still exist in little numbers and do their spiritual rituals in special places named Tekkyeh (in Kurdi: تەکیە).

Beckenham

Beckenham is a suburb of London, in the London Borough of Bromley. It is south of central London.

There are also places with the same name in Perth, Western Australia and Christchurch, New Zealand.

Political behavior

Political behaviour is how people think about politics and how they vote and do things like protest because of what they believe. Family, teachers and friends all shape how we think. The media and political adverts also change the way many people vote. Social class, race and religion also make people vote in different ways.


Internal Affairs

Internal Affairs is a 1990 crime-thriller movie starring Laurie Metcalf, Andy Garcia and Richard Gere. The story is about manipulation, corruption and lying in the Los Angeles Police Department in late 1989 and early 1990. Elijah Wood, Annabella Sciorra and William Baldwin also star. This movie got strong positive reviews from many critics and was a success in the box office.

Welcome to the Dollhouse

Welcome to the Dollhouse is an American 1995 teen comedy movie. It is about bullying and dysfunctional family life. This independent comedy started the acting career of Heather Matarazzo, who plays Dawn Weiner. It received positive reviews from critics. It was a success at the box office.

Hasan Basri

Hasan Al-Basri (; full name: Al-Hasan ibn Abi-l-Hasan al-Basri), (642–728), was a well-known Sunni Muslim Sufi, preacher and scholar. Hasan was one of the most famous and prominent of the early Sufi saints in Islam. He was a very popular and beloved personality of Basra, in Iraq. 

The Brothers McMullen

The Brothers McMullen is an American 1995 comedy movie. It is about three brothers in Long Island, New York. The plot has love, sex, marriage, infidelity and deception. This movie was released in January 1995 in the United States and was directed by first time director Edward Burns.

Pranab Mukherjee

Pranab Mukherjee (11 December 1935 – 31 August 2020) was an Indian politician. He was the 13th President of India serving from 2012 through 2017. He was a member of the Indian National Congress.

Mukherjee became President on 25 July 2012. He succeeded Pratibha Patil (served 2007–12), India’s first woman president. Before Mukherjee became President, he had served as Foreign, Defence, Commerce and Finance Minister at different times in his political career. Mukherjee also served as a member of both Lok Sabha (twice) and Rajya Sabha (five times).

In 2017, Mukherjee decided not to run for re-election and to retire from politics after leaving the presidency due to "health complications relating to old age". He was replaced by Ram Nath Kovind on 25 July 2017.

Mukherjee was born in the village of Mirati in Birbhum District of West Bengal. Mukherjee’s father, Kamada Kinkar Mukherjee, was deeply involved in India’s struggle for independence from Great Britain in the first half of the 20th century. Pranab was educated at the Suri Vidyasagar College (then affiliated with the University of Calcutta), and he later earned an advanced degree in history and political science as well as a law degree from the university. He was married to Suvra Mukherjee from 1957 until her death in 18 August 2015(aged 74).

In early August 2020, Mukherjee was hospitalized in an army hospital after falling in his shower in New Delhi. On 10 August, he was diagnosed with COVID-19. He died on 31 August 2020 from sepsis and a lung infection caused by COVID-19, aged 84.


Meira Kumar

Meira Kumar (born March 31, 1945 in Bihar, India) is an Indian politician. She has been elected to the Lok Sabha (the lower house in the Indian parliament) five times. She was elected unopposed as the first woman Speaker of the Lok Sabha on June 3, 2009. Kumar replaced retiring Somnath Chatterjee. She left office on May 18, 2014.

Kumar was the daughter of Babu Jagjivan Ram, a former Deputy Prime Minister of India. She studied at Cambridge University. After Cambridge, she joined the Indian Foreign Service in 1973. She was elected to parliament as a member of the Indian National Congress.

Kumar has been nominated as a joint presidential candidate by the leading opposition parties for 2017 Presidential election. She lost the election to Conservative Ram Nath Kovind after the results were announced on 20 July 2017.

Speaker of the Lok Sabha

The Speaker of the Lok Sabha is the presiding officer of the lower house of the Parliament of India, known as the Lok Sabha. The role of the Speaker is the same as in other countries which use the Westminster system of government. 
The speaker is elected in the very first meeting of the Lok Sabha after the general elections. He or she is chosen from the members of Lok Sabha. The speaker serves for a term of five years. The current speaker is Om Birla. He is the Member of parliament from Rajasthan.

Lok Sabha

Lok Sabha is the lower house of the Parliament of India. As of 2019, there have been seventeen Lok Sabhas elected by the people of India. The Constitution limits the Lok Sabha to a maximum of 552 members. This includes no more than 20 members representing people from the Union Territories. The Lok Sabha speaker is elected from its members.
If this happens, the term may be extended for one year. It can be extended more than one time. The 17th and current Lok Sabha was formed in May 2019.

The Lok Sabha meets at the Lok Sabha Chambers, in Sansad Bhavan, Sansad Marg, in New Delhi.

The Lok Sabha members are elected for a team of five years. The president may dissolve the Lok Sabha. During an emergency the term may be extended for one year.
During the British colonial period, the office of the Secretary of State for India (along with the Council of India) was the authority through whom the British Parliament exercised its rule in the Indian sub-continent. The Viceroy of India was created, along with an Executive Council, in India, which consisted of high officials of the British government. The Indian Councils Act 1861 provided for a Legislative Council consisting of the members of the Executive Council and non-official members; and the Indian Councils Act 1892 established legislatures in each of the provinces of British India. These Acts may have increased the Indian representation in government, but the councils' power remained limited, and the electorate also remained very small. The participation of Indians in the administration increased after the passage of the Indian Councils Act 1909 and the Government of India Act 1919. 

The Indian Independence Act was passed on July 18, 1947, and as a result British India was to be divided into India and Pakistan upon independence on August 15, 1947. They were to be dominions (India, Pakistan) under the Crown until they had enacted their own constitutions.

The Constituent Assembly was divided into two for the separate nations, with each new Assembly having sovereign powers transferred to it for the respective dominion.

India became a republic on January 26, 1950.

The Accidental Husband

The Accidental Husband is a 2008 American romance-comedy starring Uma Thurman and Isabella Rossellini. It was originally released in 2008 in the United Kingdom, and in 2009 in the United States. This romantic-comedy is about romance, deception and infidelity.

Joe Maloney (Brad Pitt) is a straight A student vying for an athletic scholarship to Stanford. He lives with his mother (Carrie Snodgress) in a trailer park in Gardena, CA. His well laid plans for the future are thrown into turmoil when his troubled younger brother Billy (Rick Schroder) is released from Juvenile Detention following his arrest for stealing a car and comes to live with them back home.


Romance comics

Romance comics is a genre of comics. Stories are about love, courtship, marriage, divorce, heartbreak and other aspects of romance. Most stories in the past featured teens and young adults. The stories were set in contemporary times. Joe Simon and Jack Kirby took credit for inventing the genre. They noticed many adults were reading comics after WWII, but only children's comics were available on newsstands. The two created a title for adults called "Young Romance". Its success and popularity led other publishers to glut the market with love titles. The genre was unaffected by the Senate subcommittee investigation into a supposed link between comic books and juvenile crime. The romance genre died in the 1970s with the last issue of "Young Love" and the onset of the women's movement. Some romance comics are still published. They are spoofs of the originals or take a more contemporary stance on love such as lesbian and gay romance. 

Pokémon Black 2 and White 2

Pokémon Black 2 and White 2 are role-playing video games in the "Pokémon" series made by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS. The games are the sequels to 2010's "Pokémon Black and White". The games were released in Japan on June 23, 2012, in North America on October 7, 2012, in Australia on October 11, 2012, and in Europe on October 12, 2012.

"Pokémon Black 2" and "White 2" play the same as the previous games in the series. Unlike in "Black" and "White", players may now capture Pokémon from previous games from the start.

"Pokémon Black 2" and "White 2" follows a new Pokémon trainer who is on a journey to become a Pokémon master. They do this by catching and training Pokémon, and battling Pokémon trainers. It takes place in the Unova region two years after the events of "Black" and "White". During this time, there have been many changes. Changes include new areas to explore, new gym leaders, and new trainers to battle. There is also a new Team Plasma that was formed after the original team was defeated. The new Team Plasma aims to use Pokémon to take over Unova. During the player's journey, they will meet former members of the original Team Plasma. These members now use Pokémon for good, and help the player in their journey.


Act Against Bullying

Act Against Bullying (AAB) is a national charity in the United Kingdom. The purpose of the organization is to help children who are bullied at school. 

AAB was founded in 2003.


Chelyabinsk

Chelyabinsk is a city in the Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. The city is south of the Ural Mountains, on the Miass River, and on the border of Europe and Asia. However Chelyabinsk is located in the European part of Russia, where the ural mountains make the division. The city has a population of 1,240,926. As of 15 February 2013, the head of the city is Stanislav Mosharov. On February 15, 2013, a meteor hit the city.


Chelyabinsk meteor

The Chelyabinsk meteor (or 2013 Russian meteor event) happened on 15 February 2013 over Chelyabinsk, Russia at about 9:13 a.m. Chelyabinsk is near the Ural Mountains.

The meteor was moving at a speed of about 18 km/s (40,000 mph), it passed over the southern Ural region and exploded in the air over Chelyabinsk Oblast. The air burst occurred at approximately 15 to 25 km (10 to 15 mi) above the ground.

The total energy released was equivalent to nearly 500 kilotons of TNT which would make it 20–30 times more powerful than the atomic bombs detonated at Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The meteor was significantly smaller than objects that are tracked through current efforts by space object scientists, and was not detected before atmospheric entry.

About 1,500 people were injured, mainly by glass from windows shattered by the shock wave; two were reported in serious condition. As many as 3,000 buildings in six cities across the region were damaged as a result of the explosion and impacts. The meteor created a dazzling light, bright enough to cast shadows during broad daylight in Chelyabinsk and to be seen as far away as Kazakhstan. Eyewitnesses also felt intense heat from the fireball.

The Chelyabinsk meteor is the largest object known to have entered the Earth's atmosphere since the 1908 Tunguska event, and the only such event known to have resulted in a large number of injuries.

The predicted close approach of the roughly asteroid 2012 DA occurred about 15 hours later. Sodankylä Geophysical Observatory, NASA, Russian sources, and the European Space Agency, said the two events were not related because they had different trajectories.

No deaths have been reported. It is not related to an asteroid that was also near the Earth on that day.

Judy Agnew

Elinor Isabel Judefind Agnew (April 23, 1921 — June 20, 2012) was the second lady of the United States from 1969 to 1973 as the wife of the 39th vice president of the United States, Spiro Agnew. She was also the first lady of Maryland from 1967 to 1969. 

She was born in Baltimore, Maryland. Her birthname is Elinor Isabel Judefind.

She married Agnew on May 27, 1942 in Baltimore, Maryland; he had graduated from Army Officer Candidate School two days before the marriage. 
The Agnews had four children:

She died on June 20, 2012 in Rancho Mirage, California.

Muriel Humphrey Brown

Muriel Fay Buck Humphrey Brown (February 20, 1912 — September 20, 1998) was the widow of former Vice President Hubert Humphrey. After her husband died, she was appointed to take his seat in the Senate, so she became the first wife of a Vice President to hold public office. She later remarried and chose the name Muriel Humphrey Brown.

She was born in Huron, South Dakota to Andrew E. Buck and his wife, the former Jessie Mae Pierce. Her birth name is Muriel Fay Buck. She attended Huron College, where she met Humphrey in 1934, while working as a bookkeeper. They got married on September 3, 1936. They had four children: Hubert III, Nancy, Robert, and Douglas.

Humphrey was appointed as a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party by Rudy Perpich, the Governor of Minnesota, to the Senate vacancy caused by her husband's death. She had served from January 25, 1978 to November 7, 1978 in the 95th United States Congress. She was the first spouse of a former Vice President to serve in Congress, as well as the first woman to represent Minnesota in the U.S. Senate. She was not a candidate for the special election for the remaining term. "It was the most challenging thing I've done in my whole life," she said. Twenty-eight years later, Amy Klobuchar, a fellow Democratic-Farmer-Labor, would become the first woman to be elected to the United States Senate from Minnesota.

Van Jones

Van Jones (born on September 20, 1968) is a civil rights advocate, an environment activist and a lawyer born in Tennessee who also represents four non-profit organizations. He was appointed via by President Barack Obama in early 2009 for the Special Advisor of the Green Jobs. Later that year he was under controversy over past political activity and under criticism by conservatives. He then resigned in September 2009. Jones is currently the senior fellow at Center for American Progress and the senior policy advisor for Green for All.

Clannad (visual novel)

The story follows the life of Tomoya Okazaki, a high school delinquent who meets anyone at school to solve the problem, including five girls.


I Wanna Have Your Babies

"I Wanna Have Your Babies" is a 2007 pop song performed and written by singer Natasha Bedingfield. The song is about a woman trying to prevent herself from rushing into relationships. This woman wants to be pregnant with babies from Mr. Right.

The song received rather negative reviews from pop music critics, some of whom said it wasn't as good as other Bedingfield songs.

Thial

A thial, or thioaldehyde, is any molecule with the group RC(S)H. It is like an aldehyde with the oxygen atom changed with a sulfur. The sulfur has a double bond to carbon. It also keeps two lone pairs.

Thials are very reactive because they are very good electrophiles. It is difficult to make one, because they will react with themselves as soon as they are formed. They can do Diels-Alder reactions very quickly. However, if bulky R groups are used, the thial might be more stable.

If the H is changed with another R group, then the molecule is called a thioketone. These are more stable.

Onești

Onești () is a city in Bacău County, Romania. It has 51,681 people living there. It is a great tourist attraction in the summer.

Automata theory

Automata theory is a branch of Theoretical computer science. Automata theory is concerned with the study of abstract machines called automata, and with the problems that can be solved using such machines. An automaton is characterized by a number of states it can be in, a number of transitions between those states, and an alphabet of symbols it accepts. One state is special: it is the state the automaton is in at the start. There are a number of states that are called final states or exit states; if at the end of the input, the automaton is in one of those states, it is said to accept the word just processed, otherwise it is said to reject it.

Example problems of automata theory include:


Golden cave catfish

Clarias cavernicola (also known as the golden cave catfish) is a species of freshwater catfish. They are only known to live in one place: an underground lake in Aigamas Cave, which is near Otavi, in the Kalahari Desert of Namibia. The lake is in area and about deep.

The water level has been steadily dropping because it is extracted by humans. The lake is a major water supply in an otherwise very dry area. Because of this, the species is considered critically endangered. It is estimated that there are about 150 individuals living in the lake.

The fish live in the shallow areas of the lake in open, clear water. They feed on detritus (bat droppings and carcasses) and insects that fall into the lake. Not much is known about how the species reproduces. Attempts to breed the fish in captivity have failed.

The fish grow up to long. Having evolved in the darkness of the cave, they have no pigment. The fish is white in colour. It has a long eel-like body, with long dorsal and anal fins. The head has a rounded snout with four pairs of thin barbels. The fish have very small eyes, which are covered with skin. They are blind, and find food using taste and other senses on the barbels.


Thioketone

A thioketone (or thione) is any molecule with the group RC=S. It is like a ketone with the oxygen atom changed with a sulfur one. The sulfur atom has a double bond with the carbon atom. It also keeps two lone pairs.

Thioketones are very reactive. This is because they are good electrophiles. Many of them are unstable. They want to form rings. They do that with cycloaddition reactions, similar to the Diels-Alder reaction.

If one of the R groups is hydrogen, the molecule is the sulfur version of an aldehyde. It is called a thial, and it is even more reactive than a thioketone.

Testament of Ieyasu

, also known as Ieyasu precepts or Legacy of Ieyasu, was a formal statement made by Tokugawa Ieyasu.

Ieyasu was the head of the Tokugawa shogunate. His words were spoken and written down at the time of his abdication as shogun.

The original historical document is in the archives of the Tōshō-gū shrine at Nikkō in Tochigi Prefecture.

This political statement provided guidance to his successors. 

A translation of Ieyasu's words is: 

An alternate translation is:

Limit (mathematics)

In mathematics, a limit is the value that a function comes close to as the input comes close to some value. When we use a function to solve a problem, sometimes certain values can not be used as inputs to the function, but we can see what the function comes close to when the input comes close to the value. Limits can be used to explain what happens in these cases.

Limits are used to define many topics in calculus, like continuity, derivatives, and integrals.

For a function "f", limit are written like this:

formula_1

which reads "the limit of "f" of "x", as "x" approaches "c" equals "L"". An alternative notation is "formula_2 as formula_3", which reads "formula_4 tends to formula_5 as formula_6 tends to formula_7". Limit is shortened to "lim".

For a sequence formula_8, the similar notation formula_9 is used.

Imagine we have a function that takes an input, formula_6, and then outputs formula_11 to formula_12. If we were to draw a graph using x and y as coordinates, the results would look like this:

As we can see here, division by zero is undefined. But if we look closer, then we can see that we still have valid output—as long as we never reach zero:

This problem is unique to zero as the function still works on every value up to zero, even if we approach from the negative side. As input numbers get arbitrarily small, the output will simply get arbitrarily large, and if we draw this on a graph, the line will stretch upwards without bound before it touches 0 on either axis.

One way we describe this is "The limit of formula_13 as formula_6 approaches 0, from the right side, is formula_15", meaning that formula_13 can keep increasing beyond bounds, as long as "x" doesn't reach 0. Mathematically, this is written as: formula_17.

While a limit cannot be reached, it can be approached to get a more accurate output value. For example, the mathematical constant formula_18 (Euler's number) can be found by calculating formula_19, where formula_20 is an input:

While the equation will never be equal to formula_18, putting in a larger input will get us closer to it, and make our output more accurate. Mathematically, we can express this by saying that "The limit of formula_22 as formula_20 approaches formula_15 is formula_18", which is noted as formula_26.



Mario Sports Mix

Mario Sports Mix is a sports video game for the Nintendo Wii. It was developed by Square Enix and published by Nintendo. It was released on November 25, 2010 in Japan, on January 28, 2011 in Europe, and on February 7, 2011 in North America.

"Mario Sports Mix" features four sports: volleyball, ice hockey, dodgeball, and basketball. Each sport features special moves that the characters can use. Both local and online multiplayer can be played. The game features characters from the "Mario", "Final Fantasy", and "Dragon Quest" series. Players can also play as their Mii characters.


Party Mode

Mount Hotzvim

Har Hotzvim (; "Stonecutter Mountain") is a high-tech industrial park in Jerusalem. It was founded in the early 1970s by the Jerusalem Economic Corporation. Har Hotzvim is also known as Campus of Science-Rich Industries (, ).

Har Hotzvim is also a mountain. Its summit is 700 m above sea level.

Olivia Colman

Sarah Caroline Olivia Colman (born 30 January 1974) is an English actress, known professionally Olivia Colman. She has won an Academy Award, three BAFTA Awards, three BIFA Awards, one Golden Globe Award, and has been nominated twice for an Emmy Award.

Colman first came to prominence for her supporting role as Sophie Chapman in the Channel 4 comedy series "Peep Show" (2003–2015). Her other TV comedy roles include "Green Wing" (2004–2006), "Beautiful People" (2008–2009), "Rev." (2010–2014) and "Twenty Twelve" (2011–2012). She also played various roles in "That Mitchell and Webb Look" (2006–2008), alongside her "Peep Show" co-stars David Mitchell and Robert Webb. Colman's move to drama saw her receive critical acclaim for her performance in Paddy Considine's film "Tyrannosaur" (2011). Her other film roles include PC Doris Thatcher in "Hot Fuzz" (2007), Carol Thatcher in "The Iron Lady" (2011), Queen Elizabeth in "Hyde Park on Hudson" (2012), Bethan Maguire in "Locke" (2013), Margaret Lea in "The Thirteenth Tale" (2013), Marion in "Tale of the Brave" (2014) and the Hotel Manager in "The Lobster" (2015). Colman played Queen Elizabeth II in the third and fourth season of the original Netflix series "The Crown".

A three-time BAFTA TV Award winner, she won Best Female Comedy Performance for "Twenty Twelve" and Best Supporting Actress for "Accused" in 2013, before winning Best Actress in 2014 for her role as DS Ellie Miller in the ITV crime series "Broadchurch". Colman was also nominated for the International Emmy Award for Best Actress for "Broadchurch". For her performance in the AMC/BBC miniseries "The Night Manager", she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series, Miniseries or Television Film and was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Limited Series or Movie.

Israeli Educational Television

Israeli Educational Television (, "") was the first television channel in Israel. It was established in 1965 and began broadcasting in 1966. After it started broadcasting, it was added to the national broadcasting channels. Since 1997, it has had an independent broadcasting channel called Educational 23 on Channel 23.


Laura Cardoso

Laurinda de Jesus Cardoso Baleroni (better known as Laura Cardoso, b. 13 September 1927 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian actress.

Cardoso was a pioneer of television in Brazil. She has acted in teleteatros, series and telenovelas since the 1950s on the defunct TV Tupi and later in syndication. She starred in more than 50 telenovelas. She is the widow of actor, writer, director and television producer Fernando Baleroni. They had two daughters, Fátima and Fernanda.

Khalsi

Khalsi () is a sub-district of the Leh District, Ladakh , India.

Dhani dialect

Dhani is a dialect of the Punjabi language, spoken in the Rawalpindi Division in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Ceto

In Ancient Greek mytholoy Ceto is the name of a sea monster;often represented as a whale, or a large fish. She is the daughter of Pontos and Gaia. Together with her brother Phorcys she bore the Gorgons, and Graeae, Echidna and Ladon.

Note there is also a minor oceanid called Keto. There are also various mythological beings referred to as "ketos" (plural "ketea"); this is a general term for "sea monster" in Ancient Greek.

Summa Theologica

Summa Theologica is a famous theology book by Thomas Aquinas, a Scholastic philosopher. He was influenced by Augustine of Hippo and Peter Lombard.


Peter Lombard

Peter Lombard (also Peter the Lombard, Pierre Lombard or Petrus Lombardus; 1096, Novara – 21/22 July 1160, Paris), was an Italian Scholastic theologian. His work was very well known in the Middle Ages. He wrote "Sentences", and became Bishop of Paris. Theologians from Thomas Aquinas to John Calvin were influenced by him. In 2009 Pope Benedict XVI spoke about his work. 


Ronald Lacey

Ronald William Lacey (28 September 1935 – 15 May 1991) was an English actor. He was known for his role as Arnold Toht in "Raiders of the Lost Ark".

Lacey was born on 28 September 1935 in Harrow, London, England. He studied at the Harrow Weald Grammar School and at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. Lacey was married to Mela White from 1959 until they divorced in 1971. Then he was married to Joanna Baker from 1972 until they divorced in 1991. He had three children. Lacey died on 15 May 1991 from liver failure cause by his liver cancer in London, England, aged 55.


Jane Hadley Barkley

Elizabeth Jane Rucker Hadley Barkley (September 23, 1911 – September 6, 1964, known as Jane Hadley Barkley) was second lady of the United States from 1949 to 1953. She was the second wife of Vice President Alben W. Barkley.

Barkley was born in Keytesville, Missouri. Her father was a lawyer. Her mother was a pianist who had studied in Europe. She married her first husband, Carleton Hadley, in 1931. She met him at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri. He became a prominent railroad attorney. They had two daughters. He died in 1944 at the age of 42.

She married Vice President Alben Barkley, a widower, on November 18, 1949. She was his second wife, and he was her second husband. He was 71 and she was 37. Barkley's first wife Dorothy had died in 1947. Until her courtship with Barkley, Jane Rucker Hadley had been a devoted Republican. In 1940, Mrs. Hadley was working in the St. Louis office of Grand Old Party presidential nominee Wendell Willkie. When her milkman said his favorite president was Franklin Delano Roosevelt, she left a note saying, "No Willkie, no milkie". 
After Barkley's death, Jane Barkley started work as a secretary at George Washington University. Mrs. Barkley published a memoir in 1954 with Vanguard publishers of New York. It was called "I Married the Veep". When she died in 1956 from a heart attack, she was still working at the university.

Bill Hunter

William John "Bill" Hunter (27 February 1940 – 21 May 2011) was an Australian actor. Hunter was known for being in many Australian movies. In the United States, Hunter is known for his roles as the Dentist in "Finding Nemo". Hunter won the AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role in 1978.

Hunter was born on 27 February 1940 in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. He was married to Robbie Anderson until they divorced. Then he was married to Pat Bishop from 1976 until they divorced. Then he was married to Rhoda Roberts from 1993 until they divorced in 1999. He had a son with Anderson. Hunter died on 21 May 2011 in Kew, Victoria, Australia from liver cancer, aged 71.


Carditamera gracilis

Carditamera gracilis, or the West Indian cardita, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Carditidae. It can be found off the coast of the West Indies.

"Carditamera gracilis" has an elongated shell, strong medium size about 40 mm. It has more pronounced radial rib and high in the back Its color is white with brown spots inside is pearly.

"Carditamera gracilis" dispatched by the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea.

Usually inhabits mainland coast of shallow water attached to rocky substrates.

Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation

Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation was a Philippine public broadcasting that began operations on November 4, 1973, and ceased transmission on March 20, 1986.



Shavuot

Shavuot, or Shavuos in Ashkenazic usage, is a holiday celebrated by Jewish people. They celebrate it to remember the day God gave the Torah to the entire nation of Israel assembled at Mount Sinai. The holiday association between the giving of the Torah ("Matan Torah") and Shavuot is not explicit in the Biblical text. 

Shavuot is celebrated on the sixth day of the Hebrew month of Sivan, which may occur in May or June. It falls 49 days after Passover(Pesach), which comes before Shavuot. It marks the end of the Counting of the Omer (Sefirat HaOmer). Pentecost falls around the time of Shavuot. 

In Secular Jews of the Diaspora, Shavuot is one of the Jewish holidays known to not be celebrated as much, while the people in Israel celebrate it every year.

Shavuot is celebrated by all types of Orthodox Jewry, ranging from Modern to ultra-Orthodox. It is one of the three pilgrimage holidays celebrated by Jews. (The other two being Passover, and Sukkot, or 'Festival of the Tabernacle'.)

According to Jewish law, Shavuot is celebrated in Israel for one day and in the Diaspora (outside of Israel) for two days. Reform Jews celebrate only one day.

Jews travel from their countries to Jerusalem to sacrifice wheat to the temple.

When in Rome

When in Rome is a 2010 romantic comedy. It stars Kristen Bell, Josh Duhamel, Will Arnett, Anjelica Huston, Shaquille O'Neal and Danny DeVito. The comedy is about back and forth romances. It got bad reviews from critics. It got $43 million in worldwide revenue.

Killing Season

Killing Season is an action thriller movie of 2013. It is about personal fighting between an American war veteran and one from Serbia. John Travolta plays Emil Kovac and Robert De Niro plays Ben Ford.

Samantha Barks

Samantha Jane Barks (born 2 October 1990) is a Manx singer and actress who first rose to fame after coming third in the BBC talent show–themed television series "I'd Do Anything" in 2008. In 2012, she was cast in her first movie as Éponine in the movie version of the long-running musical "Les Misérables".



Lorisidae

Lorisidae (sometimes called Loridae) is a family of primates. Its members resemble lemurs. They live in trees, in Africa and Asia. Depending on the author, there are nine to eleven species, in about five genera. 

Genera are:<br>"Arctocebus"<br> "Perodicticus"<br> "Pseudopotto"<br> "Loris"<br> "Nycticebus"

Éponine

Éponine Thénardier (; ) is a character in the novel "Les Misérables" (1862) by Victor Hugo. She is also referred to as the "Jondrette girl".

The character is introduced as a spoiled and pampered child. Later in the book, she appears as a ragged teenager who has become very mature for her age. She speaks in the style of language of the streets of Paris. She has kept her former charm and innocence.


Feeling Minnesota

Feeling Minnesota is a 1996 American romantic comedy-drama crime movie starring Cameron Diaz, Dan Aykroyd and Courtney Love. It was released in the USA on September 13, 1996, and is about confusion and problems in romance decisions.

Human Connectome Project

The Human Connectome Project is a US-led effort to map the human brain. The HCP is a five-year project funded by the National Institutes of Health.On September 15, 2010, the NIH announced that it would award two grants: $30 million over five years to a consortium led by Washington University in Saint Louis and the University of Minnesota, and $8.5 million over three years to a consortium led by Harvard University, Massachusetts General Hospital and the University of California Los Angeles. The aim of the $40m programme is to map the entire human neural wiring system by scanning the brains of 1,200 Americans. The project uses magnetic resonance imaging.

Like the Human Genome Project, the data will be publicly released to scientists as the scans are processed. The first data from 80 to100 people will be released in a few weeks' time.

Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital are pushing the technique to its limits with a purpose-built scanner. It is one of the most powerful scanners in the world. The scanner's magnets need 22MW (megawatts) of electricity enough to power a nuclear submarine. It was specially built for this project "4 to 8 times as powerful as conventional systems, enabling imaging of human neuroanatomy with much greater sensitivity than is currently possible".

What the scans show is the way various brain centres are connected to each other.

Shahjalal International Airport

Shahjalal International Airport is the largest airport in Bangladesh. It is the only international airport in the Dhaka. It is located in Dhaka, and was previously known as Dacca International Airport.


Boys of Bangladesh

Boys of Bangladesh (BoB) is the oldest and largest network of Bangladeshi men who identify as gay. Its members live in Bangladesh and in other countries. It is based in Dhaka. It is an informal group run by volunteers. It was founded in 2002. Boys of Bangladesh aims to build a gay community in the country, and repealing Section 377, which makes homosexuality illegal.

BoB is a full member of the Human Rights Forum of Bangladesh, the Human Rights Alliance of Bangladesh and the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association.


Lobatus gigas

Lobatus gigas, commonly known as the queen conch, is a species of large edible sea snail, as a marine gastropod mollusc in the family of true conches, the Strombidae. This species is one of the largest molluscs native to the tropical northwestern Atlantic, from Bermuda to Brazil, reaching up to 35.2 centimetres (13.9 inches) in shell length.

The shell is characterized by its large size, solidity and sculptured design with large thorns. The mouth is large, calloused, has great lip colors white, pink, yellow and orange. Sifonales Channels, anal and notch estromboide are wide and well marked.

"Lobatus gigas" is native to the tropical Western Atlantic coasts of North and Central America. It lives in the greater Caribbean tropical zone.
Aruba, of the Netherlands Antilles; Barbados; all of the islands and cays of the Bahamas; Belize; Bermuda; North and northeastern regions of Brazil (though this is contested by some authors); Old Providence Island in Colombia; Costa Rica; the Dominican Republic; Panama; Swan Islands in Honduras; Jamaica; Martinique; Alacran Reef, Campeche, Cayos Arcas and Quintana Roo, in Mexico; Puerto Rico; Saint Barthélemy; Mustique and Grenada in the Grenadines; Pinar del Río, North Havana Province, North Matanzas, Villa Clara, Cienfuegos, Holguín, Santiago de Cuba and Guantánamo, in the Turks and Caicos Islands and Cuba; South Carolina, Florida, including East Florida, West Florida, the Florida Keys and the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary, in the United States; Carabobo, Falcon, Gulf of Venezuela, Las Aves archipelago, Los Roques archipelago, Los Testigos Islands and Sucre in Venezuela; St. Croix in the Virgin Islands.

He located between 0 and 18 m depth, but most often in soils carbonatites and seagrass beds.

Common names include "queen conch" and "pink conch" in English, "caracol rosa" and "caracol rosado" in Mexico, "caracol de pala", "cobo", "botuto" and "guarura" in Venezuela, "caracol reina", "lambí" in the Dominican Republic, and "carrucho" in Puerto Rico.


Cuboid bone

The cuboid bone is one of the seven tarsals of the feet. It is located on the side of the foot. It articulates (connects with) metatarsals number 4 and 5. Ligaments help hold the foot in an arched position and to hold the metatarsals and medial cuneiform bones (one of many is the cuboid) together. The bone also makes up part of the arch of the foot. Most likely, the name cuboid comes from the fact that the cuboid bone is shaped kind of like a cube.

Cuboid syndrome can happen as a result of an injury to the cuboid bone. 


Vjosa River

Vjosa is a river in Albania. It runs from the Pindus Mountains of Greece, through rocky terrain. It spills into the Adriatic Sea, where the terrain turns sandy. It runs about 272 km and it sets the boundaries between the city of Fier and Vlora.

Frontier Airlines

Frontier Airlines is an American ultra low-fare airline. It is based in Denver, Colorado. It has focus cities at Atlanta, Chicago, Cleveland, Miami, Orlando, Trenton.

Frontier was founded in February 1994, after Continental Airlines closed its hub at Denver. By July 1994, Frontier had started flights with Boeing 737 airplanes. In 1999, the airline bought Airbus A320 family airplanes. As of 2016, Frontier owns 61 Airbus airplanes. Republic Airways Holdings bought Frontier in 2009. Frontier was later sold to Indigo Partners in 2013. Indigo Partners also owns Spirit Airlines. Since 2015, Frontier and Spirit have been thinking about combining to create one large ultra-low fare airline. In February 2022, the two companies announced that they were merging. 

Volaris

Volaris is a Mexican low-cost airline. The airline is based in Mexico City. Its largest airline hub is at General Abelardo L. Rodríguez International Airport in Tijuana. discrimina airline

Volaris was founded in 2005. TACA Airlines and Televisa were among the initial shareholders. In 2009, the airline started flying from Mexico to airports in the USA after it began an agreement with Southwest Airlines. When Mexicana de Aviacion stopped flying in August 2010, Volaris took over their slots at the Mexico City International Airport. Southwest and Volaris stopped their agreement in 2013. In 2015, Volaris started going to Guatemala City, Guatemala, San Juan, Puerto Rico and San José, Costa Rica. In 2019, Volaris became Mexico's largest airline in terms of market share, partly because it offered lower prices. It passed Aeroméxico.

Omak Airport

Omak Airport is an airport in Omak, Washington.

Estonian mark

The Estonian mark was the currency of Estonia from 1918 to 1928. It was divided into 100 penns.

The Other Sister

The Other Sister is a 1999 romantic comedy movie. It stars Diane Keaton, Juliette Lewis and Tom Skerritt. The story is about autism related issues and over-protection by parents. It received mostly negative reviews, though it took in close to $28 million at the box office. This romantic comedy was filmed in Long Beach, Pasadena, and San Francisco, California and released in February 1999.


Lorisoidea

Lorisoidea is a superfamily of Primates. It combines the familiies of the Lorisidae (lorises) and the Galagidae (galagos). They are part of the Lemuriformes.

Lorisoidea is afro-asian phylogeny is disputable since their paraphylegenit has been traced with the group of the Galagidae with the Asian or African lorisidae (Masters 2007). The lorisodea species includes nocturnal species such as the Malagasy Lemur roidea. This species can be found in Africa and regions in tropical areas of Asia. Lorisoidea is categorized in two families Lorisidae and Galagidae. 

Her Majesty's Ship

HMS is an acronym (contraction) of Her Majesty's Ship. It refers to ships of the Royal Navy. It is the official prefix of Royal Navy ship names since 1789. Versions of HMS are used in those Commonwealth countries where the British monarch is still the head of state. So, for example, HMNZS is the prefix for the Royal New Zealand Navy.

There are some similar designations. RMS designates a ship which officially transports mail for the United Kingdom. Other countries with monarchs use the same kind of system, and almost all countries have a prefix system for their ships.

Mindy McCready

Mindy McCready (November 30, 1975 - February 17, 2013) was an American country music singer. She was born Malinda Gayle McCready in Fort Myers, Florida. She shot herself dead in Heber Springs, Arkansas.


Laurie Bird

Laurie Bird (September 26, 1953 – June 15, 1979) was an American film actress and photographer. She acted in only three movies. Her most well-known was the 1977 movie "Annie Hall". 

Bird died from a Valium overdose in New York City at age 25.

Lucy Gordon

Lucy Gordon (22 May 1980 – 20 May 2009) was an English movie actress and model who worked for CoverGirl 1997. She starred in "The Four Feathers" and "Spider-Man 3". Gordon died in Paris, France by hanging herself in her flat.

Dorian Gray (actress)

Maria Luisa Mangini (February 2, 1928 – February 16, 2011) was an Italian actress that mostly acted in movies. She is more commonly known by the stage name Dorian Gray. She was one of the Italian theater's most famous actresses. In the 1950s and 1960s, she devoted herself to the cinema. Mainly she played the role of the femme fatale. However, she proved to be a talented actress interpreting also a dramatic role in Michelangelo Antonioni's "Il grido" with great critical acclaim. In 1957, at the top of her popularity, she also took part in the Oscar-winning movie "The Nights of Cabiria". She retired from acting in 1965, after becoming pregnant with her son. In 2011, she committed suicide by shooting herself, fourteen days after her 83rd birthday.

Carole Landis

Carole Landis (January 1, 1919 – July 5, 1948) was an American actress. She acted mostly in movies. Her movies include "Fly Away Baby" and "Broadway Melody of 1938". She was born in Fairchild, Wisconsin. Landis later committed suicide by overdose of drugs.

Rachel Roberts

Rachel Roberts (September 20, 1927 – November 26, 1980) was a Welsh actress who starred in many movies and stage acts. She became well-known for her fervour and strong passion. She starred in the 1953 movie "Valley of Song". While in Los Angeles, Roberts committed suicide at age 53 with barbiturates and alcohol.

Leslie Phillips

Leslie Phillips CBE (20 April 1924 – 7 November 2022) was a British actor. He was born in Tottenham, London and moved to Chingford when he was nine.

He died at age 98 in his sleep after long illness on the morning of 8 November 2022.

ENAC Alumni

ENAC Alumni (also referred to as INGENAC) is an alumni association based in Toulouse, Midi-Pyrénées. It was started by Robert Aladenyse, in 1987. The main mission of the association is to gather the alumni of the French Civil Aviation University. In 2013, it has almost 20,000 members. It is a non-profit organization.

When the French Civil Aviation University was created in 1949, its first goal was to train people of the Directorate General for Civil Aviation. At the beginning of the 1970s, the university started to train professionals for the aerospace engineering industry. Robert Aladenyse (1931-2003, graduated in 1964) decided in 1987 to create a non-profit organization for alumni called INGENAC. In the 2000s, the development in France of Master's degree and "Mastères Spécialisés" courses encouraged the association to support and represent these new alumni.

On 1 Janunary 2010, ENAC became the biggest aeronautical university in Europe. Because of this, INGENAC decided to rename itself ENAC Alumni and gather graduates of all the degrees of the French Civil Aviation University (including the "Techniciens aéronautique d'exploitation", the "Techniciens supérieur de l'aviation", the Air Traffic Safety Electronics Personnels and the "Ingénieurs des études et de l'exploitation de l'aviation civile"). It has been done in March 2012.

ENAC Alumni is part of the "Conférence des Grandes Écoles".

ENAC Alumni is a partnership of the yearly meeting Airexpo and the "Salon du livre aéronautique".

Méziane Idjerouidène was one of the board members of the association.
Marc Houalla is the current President.



WrestleMania XXX

WrestleMania XXX was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by WWE. It was held on April 6, 2014 at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana. It was the thirtieth WrestleMania event held by the WWE.

The main event saw Daniel Bryan defeat both Randy Orton and Batista in a triple threat match to win the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. Wrestlemania XXX also saw Brock Lesnar defeat The Undertaker and breaking his 21 year undefeated streak at WrestleMania. 

At the "Royal Rumble" on January 26, 2014, Batista was the winner of the 30-man Royal Rumble match and secured his spot to headline WrestleMania XXX against whomever the champion is after the "Elimination Chamber".

On February 21, it was announced by the WWE that Hulk Hogan was returning to the company and was going to host WrestleMania.

On February 24, Brock Lesnar returned along with Paul Heyman and showed up to "Raw". They complained about not being in the title match at WrestleMania. To appease them, Triple H handed them a contract which gave Lesnar a match with anybody at WrestleMania as long as it wasn't Orton or Batista. Lesnar and Heyman didn't like this open challenge and tried to leave because they thought that nobody would be would not be a big enough challenge. Before they could leave, The Undertaker returned and stared Lesnar down. Undertaker looked at the WrestleMania sign and Lesnar signed the contract. Lesnar poked the pen against against Undertaker's chest for him to sign and Undertaker stabbed the pen through Lesnar's hand as well as chokeslamming Lesnar through the table afterwards.


Saint Finbarr

Saint Finbarr (550-623) was an Irish bishop of Cork. The Church of Ireland cathedral in Cork is named after him.


Steel Dragon 2000

The Steel Dragon 2000 is a steel roller coaster at Nagashima Spa Land amusement park in Mie Prefecture, Japan. It is the longest roller coaster in the world.

Steel Dragon 2000 is the tallest coaster to use a traditional chain lift. Because of the length of the lift hill, two chains are used—one for the bottom half and one for the top half. A single chain would have been too long, heavy and very slow, at least twice the weight of a single train. Special brakes allow two trains to be on the lift at the same time.

The building of Steel Dragon 2000 required much more steel than other coasters for earthquake protection. This put the cost of the coaster at over $50 million.

Short ton

A short ton is a unit of measurement that is equal to 2000 lbs. (pounds). Often, the short ton is used to measure objects that have a very large weight. This is because using smaller units would be difficult.

Idempotence

Idempotence is a property that an operation in mathematics or computer science may have. It roughly means that the operation can be carried out again and again without changing the result.

The word idempotence was made by Benjamin Peirce because he saw the concept when studying algebra.

The meaning is different if we are talking about different kinds of operations. It can also be used to describe elements than an operation can take:


We say that an element "c" in the domain of "f" is an idempotent element if "f(f(c)) = f(c)". This means that "f" is idempotent if every element of its domain is an idempotent element.


We say that an element "c" which "*" can take is an idempotent element for "*" if "c * c = c". For example, the number "1" is an idempotent element for multiplication because "1" times "1" is "1".

If a call button inside an elevator is pressed then the elevator will go to the floor that is on the button. If it is pressed again then it will do the same thing. This means that the operation of pressing a button to make the elevator change floors is an idempotent operation.

If we mix two pots which have the same liquid in them into a new pot then we will have the same liquid in that pot. If we only care about "what" kind of liquid is in the pot (not how much) then mixing liquids is an idempotent binary operation.

The face of a clock looks the same if 12 hours have passed. So for the operation of "letting time pass on a clock" we see that letting 12 hours pass is an idempotent element (this is also true for all multiples of 12 like 24, 36, 48, ...).

Saint David's Day

Saint David's Day is the feast (celebration) day of Saint David. He is the patron saint of Wales. His feast day falls on the 1st of March each year. The day is celebrated by the people of Wales and people of Welsh background throughout the world. The first day of March was chosen in memory of the death of Saint David. It is believed that he died on that day in 589. The date was declared a national day of celebration within Wales in the 18th century.

Everyone in the National Assembly for Wales voted to make St. David's Day a public holiday in 2000. A poll conducted for Saint David's Day in 2006 found that 87% of people in Wales wanted it to be a bank holiday, with 65% prepared to sacrifice a different bank holiday to ensure this. A petition in 2007 to make St. David's Day a bank holiday was rejected by the office of the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair.

Parades are held in Wales on St. David's Day. The largest parade is held in Cardiff. It is formally attended by either the British Monarch or the Prince of Wales. Parades are a mixture of folklore and military parade. On 1 March 2010, the seventh National St. David's Day Parade took place in Cardiff city centre. Celebrations included concerts, a parade and a food festival featuring all Welsh produce. 

Dusty Hill

Joseph Michael "Dusty" Hill (May 19, 1949 – July 28, 2021) was an American musician and singer for in the rock band "ZZ Top". He had also made many voice guest appearance such as in "King of the Hill" and has been in movies such as "Back to the Future III".

Hill was born on May 19, 1949 in Dallas, Texas. He studied at Woodrow Wilson High School. In 2002, Hill married Charleen McCrory. 

Hill died in his sleep on July 28, 2021 in Houston, Texas at the age of 72. Before his death, he suffered a hip injury.

Billy Gibbons

William Frederick "Billy" Gibbons (born December 16, 1949) is an American musician, actor, and car customizer. He is known for being in the rock band "ZZ Top".

Gibbons was born on December 16, 1949 in Houston, Texas. He has been married to Gilligan Stillwater since 2005.



Cawl

Cawl is a Welsh dish. It was traditionally eaten during the winter months in the south-west of Wales. Today the word is often used to refer to a dish containing lamb and leeks, but historically it was made with either salted bacon or beef, potatoes, carrots and other vegetables. Cawl is widely considered to be the national dish of Wales.

The meat in the dish was normally cut into medium-sized pieces and boiled with the vegetables in water. The stock was thickened with either oatmeal or flour. It was then served, without the meat or vegetables, as a first course. The vegetables and slices of the meat would then be served as a second course. Cawl served as a single course is today the most popular way to serve the dish. Cawl is similar to "lobsgows", cawl's north Wales equivalent. "Lobsgows" differs in that the meat and vegetables are cut into smaller pieces. The stock is not thickened.

"Cawl cennin", or leek cawl, can be made without meat but using meat stock. In some areas cawl is often served with bread and cheese. These are served separately on a plate. The dish was traditionally cooked in an iron pot or cauldron over the fire. It was eaten with wooden spoons. The word "cawl" in Welsh is first recorded in the 14th century, and is thought to come from the Latin ', meaning the stalk of a plant, a cabbage stalk or a cabbage. In Welsh, ' ("make a cawl of [something]") means to mess something up.



Jerry Buss

Gerald Hatten "Jerry" Buss (January 27, 1933 – February 18, 2013) was an American businessman, poker player, real estate investor, and chemist. Buss was the owner of the basketball team the Los Angeles Lakers from 1979 until his death in 2013.

Buss was born on January 27, 1933 in Salt Lake City, Utah. He studied at the University of Wyoming and at the University of Southern California. Buss was married to JoAnn Mueller until they divorced. They had four children. Then he was married to Karen Buss until his death in 2013. They had two children. Buss died on February 18, 2013 from cancer and kidney failure in Los Angeles, California, aged 80.


William Fichtner

William Edward "Will" Fichtner, Jr. (born November 27, 1956) is an American actor. He was known for his roles in "Prison Break", "Armageddon", "Heat", "The Perfect Storm", and in "The Dark Knight".

Fichtner was born on November 27, 1956 in Mitchel Air Force Base, New York. He is of German ancestry. He was raised in Cheektowaga, New York.

Fichtner studied at Maryvale High School, at the Farmingdale State College and at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. He was married to Betsy Aidem until they divorced in 1998. They had one child. He has been married to Kymberly Kalil since 1998. They have one child.


Inversion temperature

Sometimes, temperature increases with altitude. In a mountainous region, cold and dense air slides down the mountain slopes into the valley by the earth's gravity as Katabatic wind. It causes the temperature in the valley to be lowered. This is called inversion of temperature or inversion temperature.

Rajya Sabha

The Rajya Sabha or Council of States is the upper house of the Parliament of India. The total number of members are 250. Twelve of the members are nominated by the President of India for their contributions to art, literature, science, and social services. The rest of the house is elected by the state and territorial legislatures. Members sit for six-year terms, with one-third of the members retiring every two years.
The elections of the members of the Rajya Sabha (Except those 

Greta Scacchi

Greta Scacchi (born 18 February 1960) is an Italian-Australian actress. She acts mostly in movies, although sometimes in television programs. She starred in lots of movies, which include "White Mischief" and "Presumed Innocent". She has acted in many other movies as well.

Scacchi was born Greta Scacchi in Milan to an English mother and Italian father. Since 1995, she is an Australian citizen, and is still an Italian citizen.

Draco (genus)

Draco is a genus of agamid lizards that are sometimes called the flying dragons. The ribs and their connecting membrane can be extended to create a kind of wing. The hindlimbs are flattened and wing-like in cross-section, and a small set of flaps on the neck serve as a horizontal stabilizers. 

They live in forests, and eat insects. They cannot fly, but often get lift as they glide. Glides as long as 60 m have been recorded, over which the animal loses only 10 m in height. They are quite small. One species is only about 20 cm long.

The only time a flying lizard comes to the ground is when a female is ready to lay her eggs. She descends the tree she is on and makes a nest hole by forcing her head into the soil. She then lays 2–5 eggs before filling the hole. She guards the eggs for approximately 24 hours, but then leaves and has nothing more to do with her offspring.

There are about 42 species.

Iris Chang

Iris Shun-Ru Chang (March 28, 1968 – November 9, 2004) was an American writer and journalist. She wrote several best-selling books. Her books included "Thread of the Silkworm", "The Rape of Nanking" and "The Chinese of America". She was born in Princeton, New Jersey. She was raised in Illinois.

Chang spent her last years living in San Jose, California. On November 9, 2004, Chang died by suicide.


Bullying UK

Bullying UK, also known as Bullying Online, is a national charity in the United Kingdom. The purpose of the organization is to give advice about a range of problems including cyberbullying.

Bullying Online was established in 1999. It was renamed Bullying UK in 2007. It merged with a larger organization in 2011.


Margaret Sullavan

Margaret Sullavan (May 16 1909-January 1 1960) was an American actress. She who acted mostly on the stage, but she was also in sixteen movies. She began her career in 1929. Four years later, she began her movie career with "Only Yesterday". Mostly however, the actress preferred stage work. Margaret was born in Norfolk, Virginia. She died in near New Haven, Connecticut from an accidental barbiturate overdose on January 1, 1960.

BeatBullying

BeatBullying (BB) is a national charity in the United Kingdom. The purpose of BB is to help people to understand, recognise, and say no to bullying. This is done by giving them the tools to change their lives and the lives of other people.

BeatBullying was established in 2002.


Hexaplex erythrostomus

Hexaplex erythrostomus is a species of gastropod.

"Hexaplex erythrostomus" are found from the West Coast of the United States to Peru.



List of programmes broadcast by Sky One

This is a list of television programmes broadcast by Sky1 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.


♠ - re-runs<br>
♥ - future series has been commissioned<br>
♦ - also in HD



Joaquín Cordero

Joaquín Cordero Aurrecoechea (August 16, 1922 – February 19, 2013) was a Mexican actor. He was mostly known for being in many Mexican telenovelas. He was in about 100 television shows and over 50 movies.

Cordero was born on August 16, 1922 in Puebla, Mexico. He was married to Alma Guzman until her death in 2012. They had three children. Cordero was in ill health shortly after his wife died.

In January 2013, Cordero went to the hospital because he had pneumonia. On February 19, 2013, Cordero died in his sleep in his home in Mexico City, Mexico from heart failure, aged 90.

Rooney Mara

Patricia Rooney Mara (born April 17, 1985) is an American actress. She has acted in movies, including "A Nightmare on Elm Street" (the remake of the 1984 horror movie) and "The Social Network". Mara played Lisbeth Salander, the title character for the 2011 remake movie "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo". She was nominated for an Academy Award for her performance. In 2013, she starred in the movie "Side Effects".

Mara is also known for her charity work. She oversees the charity Uweza Foundation, which supports programs for children and families in the Kibera slum in Nairobi, Kenya. Her sister is Kate Mara.

Florence Lawrence

Florence Annie Bridgwood (also known as Florence Lawrence; January 2 1886-December 28 1938) was a Canadian actress. She acted in silent movies and on stage. She acted in almost three hundred movies. She was very involved in stage and Broadway plays. She was born in 1886 near Hamilton, Ontario. Her death happened in Hollywood, California almost three days after Christmas 1938. She poisoned herself using ant paste. Her age was fifty-two when she died.

Exosphere

The exosphere is a thin, atmosphere-like volume surrounding a planet or natural satellite. Its molecules are gravitationally bound to that body. The density is so low that the molecules are essentially collisionless. In the case of bodies with substantial atmospheres, such as Earth's atmosphere, the exosphere is the uppermost layer,

The lightest atmospheric gases such as hydrogen and helium exist throughout the exosphere. Heavier ones like carbon dioxide and atomic oxygen are near the base. There are two borders to the exosphere; the lower boundary and the upper boundary. The lower boundary is about 500-800 km (300-500 miles) above the surface and is called the exobase. It is also called the thermopause because it is in between the exosphere and the thermosphere. The molecules are moving very fast, so the temperature in this zone is thought to be thousands of degrees celsius.

Elspet Gray

Elspeth Jean Gray, Baroness Rix (Elspet Jean MacGregor, April 12, 1929 – February 18, 2013) was a Scottish actress and activist. She played Mrs. Palmer in "Solo" and as Lady Collingford in "Catweazel".

Gray was born on April 12, 1929 in Inverness, Inverness-shire, Scotland. She was married to Brian Rix from 1949 until her death in 2013. They had four children. Gray died on February 18, 2013 from unknown causes, aged 83.

W. Watts Biggers

William Watts "Buck" Biggers (June 2, 1927 – February 10, 2013) was an American novelist, composer, and co-creator of the "Underdog". He wrote many books. His first book was "The Man Inside".

Biggers was born on June 2, 1927 in Atlanta, Georgia. He studied at the North Georgia Military College. Watts was married to Gracie Biggers from 1950 until her death in 1990. They had two children. Biggers died on February 10, 2013 in his home in Plymouth, Massachusetts from a heart attack, aged 85.


Phyllis Hyman

Phyllis Hyman (July 6, 1949 – June 30, 1995) was an American actress and singer. She was born in Philadelphia. She performed pop and R&B music. She starred in the movie "School Daze" (1988). Her music was mainly melancholy from 1984 and afterwards. She killed herself with drugs and pentobarbital in her apartment in New York City on June 30, 1995. Three years after her death, a record, "Forever with You", was released with other songs she had recorded before her death.

Stephen Foster

Stephen Collins Foster (July 4, 1826 - January 13, 1864) was an American composer. He was the first American composer to be paid for his music. He was born in Lawrenceville, Pennsylvania which is now part of Pittsburgh. His parents were wealthy. His most well-known and successful song is "Oh! Susanna" which was first performed in the Eagle Ice Cream Saloon in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1847. 

Foster married Jane Denny MacDowell in July 1850, They had one daughter named Marion. The marriage was troubled and the couple separated. Foster moved to New York City to do professional songwriting. He died in New York City on January 13, 1864 at the age of 37.

Foster wrote mainly in three musical genres: plantation songs ("Oh! Susanna", "Camptown Races"), parlor songs ("Jeannie with the Light Brown Hair", "Beautiful Dreamer") and Civil War songs ("We Are Coming, Father Abraham").

Foster was born on July 4, 1826 to William Barclay Foster (September 7, 1779 - July 27, 1855) and Elisa Clayland [Tomlinson] Foster (January 1788 - January 1855). Stephen Collins was born in his father's home, "The White Cottage", at Lawrenceville. He was baptized on April 22, 1827 in Trinity Episcopal Church, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was the youngest of the Foster children, and was named for Stephen Collins, a child friend of the family who died at age 12, and for William Collins, a family friend and well known attorney.

The Fosters were married on November 14, 1807 in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. William Barclay Foster was a leader on the western frontier of Pennsylvania. He had settled near Pittsburgh. The Fosters had several children: Charlotte Susanna (1809), Ann Eliza (1812), Henry Baldwin (1816), Henrietta Angelica (1818), Dunning McNair (1821), Morrison (1823), and Stephen Collins (1826). A son was born in 1829, but died in 1830. 

William Barclay Foster had sired an illegitimate son before his marriage. This boy was raised in the Foster family. The Fosters lived in an elegant cottage high on a hillside above the Allegheny River in Lawrenceville, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Pittsburgh planned and developed by William Barclay Foster.

Stephen's great-grandfather, Alexander Foster, migrated from Londonderry, Northern Ireland to the American colonies in 1725. He settled in Little Britain Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. His son, James Foster, married Ann Barclay and moved to Virginia. Their son, James, Jr. served in the American Revolution, and sired Stephen's father William Barclay Foster in 1779. 

After the Revolution, many of the Scots-Irish families of Virginia (including the Fosters) migrated to western Pennsylvania. William Barclay Foster settled near Pittsburgh. He was a merchant who sometimes travelled as far away as Louisiana. He returned to Pittsburgh via New York City or Philadelphia after buying supplies for his Pittsburgh store. 

He met his wife, Eliza Clayland Tomlinson, in Philadelphia. She was a Scots-Irish aristocrat of Wilmington, Delaware. The couple were married in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, and travelled 300 miles overland to Pittsburgh. The couple were among the social elite of the frontier and associated with the best families.

William Barclay Foster had serious financial troubles. In 1827, The White Cottage and other Foster properties were seized by the government when Foster failed to pay the mortgages. Stephen thereafter was moved about, sometimes living with relatives. His mother remembered him later in her life as a boy marching about with a feather in his cap and pounding on a drum while whistling "Auld Lang Syne". She noted that there was something "original" about the boy.

Stephen's eldest sister died in October 1829. The morbid sorrow that afflicted the Foster family at this time probably marked Stephen's view of dead young women for the rest of his life. Beautiful dead young women appear in some of his best songs including "Little Annie", "Jeanie with the Light Brown Hair" and "Beautiful Dreamer".

Stephen was five when he attended an infant school. In 1833 he went to the Alleghany Academy, a school for the social elite founded by the Presbyterian clergyman Rev. Joseph Stockton. In 1834, Stephen went to a black church with Olivia Pise, a mulatto servant. In 1836, the family left The White Cottage for ever and moved to Allegheny City when Stephen's father was appointed Collector of the Pennsylvania Canal.

Family legends say Stephen played harmonies on a guitar at age two, and played a flageolet with perfection in a music store at age seven. At age nine, he sang and performed with other boys in their own neighborhood theatrical productions. African melodies were popular and Stephen sung these tunes with gusto.

The creation of the American minstrel show is credited to Thomas Dartmouth "Daddy" Rice, an actor whose performance of the song "Jump Jim Crow" in the dress of an aged African American created an overnight sensation in Pittsburgh. The tune was written down and given a piano accompaniment by W. C. Peters, a music shop owner in Pittsburgh.

For many years, minstrels performed with circuses and traveling zoos. In the 1830s, they organized themselves into quartets, bands, and other ensembles and performed in theatres and other halls. One Nelson Kneass performed as a minstrel, but disbanded his group in Pittsburgh about 1845. He opened a hall with a stage at one end, and served refreshments for the price of a ticket. Prizes were offered for the best riddles, etc. and a silver cup for the best African song. Foster was living in Cinncinati in 1846 and 1847, but his brother Morrison wrote him asking for a song. Stephen sent him "Way Down South, Where the Cane Grows". The song did not win the contest but set Foster on the road to minstrel songwriting. 

Foster wrote 28 songs for the minstrel stage. They differ substantially in subject matter and musical style from his household songs. They are written in a negro dialect and their accompaniments suggest banjo-picking. Their musical style is sourced to African American music and the traditional and folk music of British Americans. Many of these songs were written for minstrel groups of the period such as the Sable Harmonists and the Christy Minstrels. 

A typical minstrel song by Foster is set for solo voice with a four or five part chorus in the refrain and a short instrumental section intended for a dance on the stage. The best of these songs are "Oh! Susanna" (1848), "Nelly Bly" (1849), "Camptown Races" (1850), "Massa's in de Cold Ground" (1852), "Old Folks at Home" (1860), and "Old Black Joe" (1860).

Foster married Jane Denny McDowell (1829 - 1903) on July 22, 1850 in Trinity Episcopal Church, Pittsburgh. She was the daughter of Andrew N. McDowell, a Pittsburgh physician, and Jane Denny Porter. The attraction between Foster and McDowell remains a mystery: Jane was on the edge of the Foster circle of friends, and had no special musical talents or interests. She may have broken an engagement to another man to marry Foster. The couple's only child Marion, a daughter, was born on April 18, 1850.

The marriage was troubled for unknown reasons, and the couple lived apart. They had separated for the first time by the spring of 1853. Jane took Marion to Lewistown, Pennsylvania, where her mother and sister lived. Stephen went to New York City to pursue songwriting. The couple reunited within a year, but separated again and again.

Jane and Marion returned to Pennsylvania by July 1861 after a stay in New York with Stephen. He was having money troubles, and his alcoholism was worsening. Jane moved to Greensburg, Pennsylvania, where she worked as a telegraph operator for the Pennsylvania Railroad. Her daughter was probably left with relatives elsewhere. Jane visited Stephen in New York City in September 1861, and several times thereafter.

After Stephen's death in 1864, Jane married Matthew D. Wiley, a baggage handler and express agent. She worked as a telegraph operator at the Pennsylvania Railroad's Allegheny depot. She supported several relatives including her daughter, her mother, and her grandchildren. She died in 1903 of burns suffered when a spark set her clothing on fire while she dozed near a fireplace. By that date, she and her daughter had received more than $4,100 in royalties from Stephen's songs. She is buried in the Allegheny Cemetery.

Marion Foster (1850 - 1935) married William Welsh and had three children. After living in St. Louis and Chicago, she moved in 1914 to a mansion (as caretaker) on the site of her grandparents' home in Lawrenceville. She was poor, gave piano lessons into her seventies, and battled the government unsuccessfully for repossession of a piece of land once belonging to her grandfather.

In July 1863, the people of the United States saw the worst riots in the nation's history. In New York City, rioters protested America's first draft. They believed this draft was unfair. It weighed heavily against the poor and allowed the rich to buy their way out. Rioters destroyed several buildings, including the Colored Orphan Asylum, and lynched blacks from lamp posts. Between 105 and 128 people died during the four days of rioting.

Foster's songs had not been selling well in the months before the riots. His best days as a songwriter were over. His audience had divided itself along political, economic, and racial lines. On Saturday 9 January 1864, Foster felt sick and went to bed early. He was staying in a poor but decent hotel on the Bowery. On Sunday morning, he spoke to a maid at his door, then turned and fell, breaking a piece of crockery that gashed his neck. His comrade George Cooper (who lived only four blocks away) was sent for. He found Foster naked in a pool of blood. The songwriter whispered, "I'm done for" and asked for a drink.

A doctor arrived and the gash was sewn up. Foster was dressed, and taken to a ward for the poor at Bellevue Hospital. He was entered in the register as a "laborer". He was uncomfortable and did not like the food. On 13 January, he was eating soup when he seemed to faint and then died. In his pocket was found a few coins and a scrap of paper reading, "Dear friends and gentle hearts". 

The cause of his death is not known. It was probably a combination of alcoholism, poor diet, and loss of blood, a heart attack, or a stroke. Jane Foster and Stephen's brothers Henry and Morrison claimed the body and took it Pennsylvania for burial. The funeral service was held in Trinity Episcopal Church, Pittsburgh, on 21 January. Foster's coffin was met at the Allegheny Cemetery by a brass band playing his tunes. He was buried near his father and mother.

His death was not recorded in most newspapers. The New York "Post" however compared his melodies to those of Donizetti. "The Round Table" wrote that Foster was "an amateur writer" barely familiar with the rules of musical composition. The "Table" did praise his pathos and humor though. 

Many songs were promoted after Foster's death as his very last songs. "The Voices That are Gone" (published in 1865) and "Kiss Me Mother Ere I Die" (1869) are probably his last works. In August 1864, a Prussian-born engineer bought The White Cottage and tore it down.


Kim Myung-sun

Kim Myung-sun(; Hanja: , 20 January 1896 - 22 June 1951) was a Korean writer and poet. She was a journalist, novelist, a femenist activist, and a movie actor. Her nickname was Tansil(), Mangyangcho () and real name was Tansil.



Carla Abellana

Carla Angeline Reyes Abellana (born June 12, 1986) is a Filipino actress and model.

Abellana was born in Manila, Philippines. She is the daughter of the former 80s heartthrob Rey 'PJ' Abellana and Rea Reyes. Her grandmother is Delia Razon.

Elizabeth Hartman

Elizabeth Hartman (December 2, 1943 - June 10, 1987) was an American actress who mostly did movies. She starred in the movie "A Patch of Blue" with Shelley Winters and Sidney Poitier and received a Golden Globe Award for that role. Hartman was born in Youngstown, Ohio. Hartman had depression. On June 10, 1987, she jumped from the 5th floor of her apartment building in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The jump ended her life at age 43.

South Bank

The South Bank is an area of London on the south bank of the River Thames. The South Bank is the home of the Royal Festival Hall, the Queen Elizabeth Hall, the Hayward Gallery, the BFI cinemas including the BFI IMAX and the National Theatre. The nearest tube and train station is Waterloo Station.



Dating

When two people go out together because they are or want to be in a romantic relationship, this is often called dating. When someone goes on a date, they try to do things that both people will like doing: go to see a movie, eat in a restaurant, drink in a pub, bar or café.

Dating can be done with both new people and people one already is in a relationship with. A first date lets people decide whether they are interested in that person, while dates after that are done to try and build the relationship.

There are commercial services to help people find people that they might want to go on a date with: dating services or introduction services. On the Internet, there are dating sites that allow people to find people who they might want to date. There are some online communities that oppose dating, such as MGTOW. When someone gives up on dating, it is sometimes called the "black pill".

Detritus

In biology, detritus is non-living particules of organic origin. Typically, it includes the bodies or fragments of dead organisms as well as faecal material. 

Detritus is typically colonized by communities of fungi and microorganisms which act to decompose (break down) the material. In terrestrial ecosystems, leaf litter and other organic matter gets mixed with soil. The result is called humus. Detritus of aquatic ecosystems is organic material suspended in water, which is sometimes referred to as marine snow. Marine snow is the basis of much life on the ocean floor. It is the food of animals which operate as 'filter-feeders'.

Grindr

Grindr is a piece of social networking software for smartphones. It is built for gay and bisexual men to chat with other men in their area. It is used to find people for sex or to go on a date.

Irene Lentz

Irene Maud Lentz (December 8, 1901 – November 15, 1962) was an American costume designer. She made costumes for many movie stars. She designed costumes for actresses like Hedy Lamarr, Ingrid Bergman and Marlene Dietrich in the 1930s and the 1940s.

On November 15, 1962, Lentz jumped to her death out a hotel window near Los Angeles.

Dragon Quest

, also known as Dragon Warrior outside of Japan before 2005, is a role-playing video game series. "Dragon Quest" is divided into two series: "Dragon Quest" and "Dragon Quest Monsters". In the first, the main characters are human. In the second, the main characters are monsters. The series was created by Yuji Horii, and published by Square Enix (formely Enix). Its first title was released in 1986 in Japan on the Famicom (known as Nintendo Entertainment System in America), and as of February 2013, ten main games were released. "Dragon Quest 10" is an online game. Besides these, there are many spin-off games and related products (manga, anime, Drama CDs and et cetera).

The series is the most popular in Japan, though it is not as popular as the "Final Fantasy" series in America and Europe. The series has sold 5,900 million copies globally.

Indian elephant

The Indian elephant ("Elephas maximus indicus") is one of three subspecies of the Asian elephant. It comes from mainland Asia. Since 1986, "E. maximus indicus" has been listed as endangered by IUCN. The population has declined by at least 50% over the last 60–75 years. The subspecies is also threatened by habitat loss, degradation and herds being split apart into smaller groups. It is recognized as the National animal of India. 

Kharo

Kharo () is a sub-district of the Leh District of Ladakh, India.

Durbuk

Durbuk () is a sub-district of the Leh District in Ladakh, India.

Nyoma

Nyoma () is a sub-district of the Leh District in Ladakh, India.

Garrotte

A garrotte is a weapon, usually a handheld length of chain, rope, scarf, wire or fishing line used to strangle a person. Garotte is normal British English spelling, with single 'r' as an alternate. Garrote with a single 't' is US English spelling. A Spanish version is "garrote vil".

The garrote has been used for centuries for silent assassination. It was widely used in 17th and 18th century India by the Thuggee cult. A garrote can be made out of many materials, including slik scarves, ropes, cable ties, fishing lines, nylon, and even guitar strings, telephone cord and piano wire. The Indian version of the garrote often had a knot at the center to crush the larynx while applying pressure to the victim's back, usually by means of a foot or knee.

A stick may be used to tighten the garrotte (the Spanish word actually refers to the stick itself). In Spanish, the term may also refer to a rope and stick used to constrict a limb as a torture device.

Since World War II the garrotte has been regularly used as a weapon by soldiers as a silent means of eliminating (taking out) sentries and other enemy personnel. Instruction in the use of garrottes is in the training of many elite military units and special forces. A typical military garrote consists of two wooden handles attached to a length of flexible wire; the wire is looped over a sentry's head and pulled taut in one motion. Soldiers of the French Foreign Legion used a particular type of double-loop garrotte (referred to as "la loupe"), where a double coil of rope or cord is dropped around a victim's neck and then pulled taut. Even if the victim pulls on one of the coils, he only succeeds in tightening the other.

The garrote was the main device used for capital punishment in Spain for hundreds of years. Originally, it was an execution where the convict was killed by hitting him with a club ("garrote" in Spanish). This later developed into a strangulation device, where the condemned was tied to a wooden stake, with a loop of rope placed around his neck. A wooden stick was placed in the loop, and by rotating the stick, the rope was tightened until the condemned person was strangled to death. As time went on, the execution method was modified in the form of a wooden chair to which the condemned was bound, while the executioner tightened a metal band around his/her neck with a crank or a wheel until asphyxiation of the condemned person was accomplished.

Other versions of this device incorporated a fixed metal blade or spike directed at the spinal cord to cause the breaking of the neck. Such a device can be seen in the James Bond film "The World Is Not Enough", the Coppola classic "The Godfather", and the Banderas/Jolie film, "Original Sin". The spiked version, called the Catalan garrotte, was used as late as 1940. American authorities kept the garrotte for a time in the Philippines after that Spanish colony was captured in 1898. Its use was abolished in 1902 (Act No. 451, passed 2 September 1902).

American military authorities in Puerto Rico used the garrotte to execute at least five convicted murderers in 1900. In a report to Congress, the American military governor said "that execution by the garrotte is far less inhumane and revolting than execution by hanging". However, the method was replaced by hanging. Since 1929, capital punishment has not existed under Puerto Rican law.

In the Ottoman Empire, execution by strangulation was reserved for very high officials and members of the ruling family. Unlike the Spanish version, a bowstring was used instead of a tightening collar.

The garrotte () is known to have been used in the first century BC in Rome. It is referred to in accounts of the Second Catiline Conspiracy, where conspirators were strangled with a "laqueus". The implement is shown in some early reliefs, e.g., "Répertoire de Reliefs grecs et romains", tome I, p. 341 (1919). It was also used in the Middle Ages in Spain and Portugal. It was employed during the conquista of the Americas, notably in the execution of the Inca emperor Atahualpa.

During the Peninsular War of 1808–1814, French forces regularly used the garrotte to execute Spanish "guerrilleros", priests, and other opponents to Napoleonic rule. Around 1810 the earliest known metallic garrotte appeared in Spain, and on 28 April 1828, the garrotte was declared the sole method of executing civilians in that country.

In May 1897, the last public garrotting in Spain was performed in Barcelona. After that, all executions were performed inside prisons. In 1935 in Spain the legislature adopted a law prohibiting any member of the armed forces from being a Freemason. As a result of this edict, 80 Freemasons were garrotted to death in Málaga. This was one of the many issues that led to unrest that became the Spanish Civil War.

The last civilian executions in Spain by garrotting were in March 1974. Two men both convicted of killing police officers: they were the last state-sanctioned garrotings in Spain. In Spain, the garrote was abolished in 1978 along with the death penalty after adoption of a new constitution.

In 1990, Andorra became the last country to officially abolish the death penalty by garroting, though this method had not been used there since the late 19th century.

Samaná English

Samaná English is a variety of the English language. It is spoken by about 10,000 people in the Samaná Peninsula, Dominican Republic. The speakers of Samaná English are the descendants of African American slaves freed from the United States. They migrated to the Samaná region beginning in 1824. Today, they are the largest group of English-speakers in the Dominican Republic.

The language is often described by linguists as either a Creole language or a dialect of English. It is closely related to other Creole languages of the Caribbean, especially Turks and Caicos and Bahamian Creole.


Disability bullying

Disability bullying is a pattern of behavior that involves abusing people with disabilities.

Studies show that bullying happens to people with disabilities more often than to others in general.

Disability bullying can become a type of hate crime or hate speech. It is a kind of abuse.



Strangulation

Stranglation is death by compressing the neck until the supply of oxygen is cut off. The process is called strangling. 

The brain needs a constant supply of oxygen. Strangling leads first to unconsciousness, then to death. Fatal strangling may occurs in accidents, and other causes of violence. Strangling does not have to be fatal; limited or interrupted strangling is practised in erotic asphyxiation, in the so-called "choking game". 

Strangling is a technique in many combat sports and self-defence systems. It is a method of winning a judo bout. Usually the opponent submits; if not, he is "strangled out", that is, the hold is continued until he passes out and is then immediately released. "Shime-waza", the judo term for this technique, has scored 97 times in World Judo events. No fatalities have resulted from it. There have been some deaths of suspects in police custody, where officers have used a "choke hold". Investigation suggested that this was because the officers' training had not been so adequate as the training of top-class judo players.

Strangling can be divided into three general types according to the mechanism used:

School bullying

School bullying is when kids in school are mean to other kids in school. The school bullies are normally more powerful than the people they bully.

Studies show that school bullying happens to some more than others, particularly young people with disabilities and those with sexual orientation that are not traditional. 


Noël Coward

Sir Noël Peirce Coward (16 December 1899 – 26 March 1973) was a British playwright, composer, producer, actor and singer. He was born in Teddington, Middlesex. He was a closeted homosexual. He died of heart failure in Jamaica.

Rosalina

Rosalina is a character from the "Mario" video game series. She is the third major female character after Princess Peach and Princess Daisy. In the "Mario" games, she watches over the Comet Observatory. The Comet Observatory is an area in space that orbits the Mushroom Kingdom every 100 years.

Rosalina first appears in "Super Mario Galaxy". There, she acts as an ally to Mario. After Bowser attacks the Comet Observatory, she gives Mario the task of getting back the observatory's Power and Grand Stars. She also gives Mario a creature named Luma to help him in his adventure.

In the sequel, "Super Mario Galaxy 2", a figure like her named the "Cosmic Guide" appears in the game when Mario dies multiple times in a level. Rosalina herself appears during the credits.

Rosalina makes her first playable appearance in "Mario Kart Wii". She is an unlockable character. Rosalina later appears in "Mario Kart 7". There, she is again an unlockable character. She also has her own track called "Rosalina's Ice World".

Rosalina appears in "Super Mario 3D World", where is she an unlockable character. She can use the spin attack move that Mario can use in "Super Mario Galaxy".

Rosalina will appear as a playable character in "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U". She will fight with a Luma.


We Are Young

"We Are Young" is a song by the American band Fun. It is from their album "Some Nights". It was released as the first single from the album on 20 September 2011. The song was covered on "Glee" on the episode "Hold On to Sixteen", aired in December 2011. It won the Grammy Award for Song of the Year at the 2013 Grammy Awards.

Vicky Cristina Barcelona

Vicky Cristina Barcelona is a 2008 Spanish-American romantic comedy-drama movie. It was written and directed by Woody Allen. It is set in the Spanish cities Barcelona and Oviedo. It is about two American women in their twenties who meet an artist, Juan, whilst spending a summer in Spain.

Rebecca Hall playes Vicky, Scarlett Johansson plays Cristina, Javier Bardem plays Juan, Penélope Cruz plays his angry, violent ex-wife Maria. The movie won a Golden Globe Award.



Baneh

Baneh (, , ) is a city in Iran. It is the capital of Baneh County in the Kurdistan region.

The Story of Us

"The Story of Us" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was produced by Nathan Chapman and Swift. It is about breakups and troubles between two people. The story in the song was inspired by an encounter with an ex-boyfriend during the CMT Music Awards in which Swift and the ex attempted to ignore one another. "The Story of Us" received mixed reviews, peaking at #41 on "Billboard" Hot 100, although the video got positive review for its "departure from the music video high school". The song was on Swift's album "Speak Now", released in 2010.

The Quarrymen

The Quarrymen (also written as "the Quarry Men") were a British skiffle and rock and roll band. It was formed by John Lennon in Liverpool in 1956. The band evolved into the Beatles in March 1960. Originally, it consisted of Lennon and several of his friends from school. The Quarrymen took their name from a line in the anthem of their high school, Quarry Bank High School. Lennon's mother, Julia Lennon, taught her son to play the banjo and then showed Lennon and Eric Griffiths how to tune their guitars in a similar way to the banjo, and taught them simple chords and songs.
Lennon started a skiffle group that was very briefly called the Blackjacks, but changed the name before any public performances. Some accounts credit Lennon with choosing the new name; other accounts credit his close friend Pete Shotton with suggesting the name. The Quarrymen played at parties, school dances, cinemas and amateur skiffle contests before Paul McCartney joined the band in October 1957. George Harrison joined the band in early 1958 at McCartney's recommendation, though Lennon initially resisted because he felt Harrison (still only 14 when he was first introduced to Lennon) to be too young. Both McCartney and Harrison attended the Liverpool Institute. One of them was Peter Shotton 

Beta blocker

Beta blockers is the name for a class of drugs that inhibit the hormone adrenalin and the neurotransmitter noradrenalin. Adrenalin is mainly released in stress situations; blocking its pathway will lead to lowering the heart rate, and blood pressure. 

Candies (band)

The Candies () was a famous Japanese singing girl group. The group started in 1973. Their first single was "" (). The Candies had three members: Ran Ito (), called Ran; Yoshiko Tanaka (), called Sue; and Miki Fujimura (), called Miki. Candies were working as a comedian in TV programs as well. It was unprecedented thing through Japanese show business. July 17, 1977. In their concert at Hibiya Open-Air Concert Hall (), Candies suddenly declared their breakup in spite of its strong popularity.

Ran

She was the leader of Candies. When she was a junior high school student, she entered Tokyo music school along with Sue and Miki that met at a campsite. When 5th EP"" was released, she became a lead vocal and changed into central position. Fortunately, this change ended in big success. 5th EP became a big hit song for the first time. After that, Candies became known as a popular group in Japan. After Candies breakup, she became an actress in 1980 and is working at show business even now.

Sue

She yearned for The Peanuts and aimed at a singer. At first, her desire met with opposition from her parents. However, she could not change her mind over that. Although she took charge of lead vocal between 1st EP and 4th EP, after that, she was changed into right-hand side position by Manager's idea. After Candies breakup, in common with Ran, she became an actress in 1980 and got many prizes. She died of breast cancer on April 21, 2011. Before her death, she recorded her speech into a tape recorder to express her lamentation to the sufferers of 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. This touching tape was opened to the public on television and Japanese people met with deep sorrow.

Miki

She had the biggest ability to understand music among all members. Since her parents were working at a college of music, she was able to get much knowledge of music naturally. Therefore, she did not only sing but also wrote many good songs like "". However, she took charge of lead vocal only once on 16th EP "". It was what Ran and Sue proposed. After Candies breakup, she came back to the music industry with her solo album"" in 1983. However, after that, she didn't appear as a singer again and retired entirely from show business.

When the Candies appeared in 1973, trio groups were rare. When the Candies started, the Candies was completely defeated by solo singers on the hit chart. However, through the Candies' 5th single "My younger boyfriend" in 1975, these ideas disappeared. After that, Candies grew and became a bigger group.

The Candies often appeared on television as an idol group. However, the Candies has various musical styles: pop, rock, funk, folk song and others. The Candies are not just an idol group but are also professional singers.

These songs can be listened to on YouTube.

Lead vocal : Sue (1,2,3,4) Ran (5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,17,18) Miki (16)

"The Final Carnival" was the Candies' last concert. It was on 4 April 1978 at Korakuen Stadium. The Japanese called it the legend concert. It was the first female music group concert to be held at a baseball stadium. The audience was about 55,000 and the show lasted 4 hours. After that, this concert was shown to the public on television in Japan and got 32% program rating. A part of the concert was released on video and DVD. However, in spite of passionate requests from Candies fans, the complete version has not been released yet. Some songs of "The Final Carnival" can be seen on YouTube.

November 4, 2015. Finally, "The Final Carnival (The Complete Version)" was released. 


A Tribe Called Quest

A Tribe Called Quest was an alternative hip hop group that started in 1985. They are perhaps most famous for their song "Can I Kick It?". The members are MC/producer Q-Tip, MC Phife Dawg aka Phife Diggy (Malik Taylor), and DJ/producer Ali Shaheed Muhammad. Jarobi White was a member until 1991. They have released six albums.

In 1985, A Tribe Called Quest started. They were signed to Jive Records in 1989. In 1990, their first album "People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm" was released. In 1991, the group's second album "The Low End Theory" was released, and is one of the best hip-hop albums of all-time. "Midnight Marauders" was released in 1993. It reached number eight in the American album chart. In 1996, "Beats, Rhymes and Life" was released. It reached number one in the American album chart. "Rolling Stone" magazine gave it a score of 4 out of 5 stars. In 1998, "The Love Movement" was released and the group broke up after. It reached number three in the American album chart. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album in 1999. In 2016, they returned to make their sixth and last album "We Got It from Here... Thank You 4 Your Service".



List of political parties in the United States

These are the main political parties in the United States.

These parties have representation in Congress.


These are the most popular minor parties. They are ordered by how many votes their presidential candidate received in the last presidential election.


Lincoln Motor Company

The Lincoln Motor Company is an automobile company in the United States. It is a part of the Ford Motor Company that sells cars in North America. The current Lincoln cars in the United States includes two sedans (the MKS and MKZ), two crossovers (the MKT and MKX) and one SUV (the Navigator).

Lincoln is the luxury brand of Ford. It makes upscale luxury vehicles. The company was founded by Henry M. Leland in 1917 as its own company. It was bought by Ford in 1922. The brand is named after Abraham Lincoln.

I Walk the Line

"I Walk the Line" is a song that was written and recorded by Johnny Cash in 1956. It was the first number one single Cash got. It sold over 2 million copies. Cash said that the song is about his promise to love and care for his wife.

Bill Macy

Bill Macy (born Wolf Martin Garber; May 18, 1922 – October 17, 2019) was an American actor and comedian. He was in many comedy shows during the 1980s. He was best known for his role as Walter in "Maude".

Macy was born on May 18, 1922 in Revere, Massachusetts. He was married to Samantha Harper from 1975 until his death. Macy died on October 17, 2019 in Los Angeles at the age of 97.


Ronnie Stevens

Ronald Stevens (September 2, 1925 – November 11, 2006) was an English actor. He was known for his roles in "Wild, Wild Women", "Only When I Laugh", "Ever Decreasing Circles", "Hi-de-Hi!", "Yes, Prime Minister", "The Parent Trap".

Stevens was born on September 2, 1925 in London, England. He was married to Ann Stevens from 1959 until her death in 2006. They had two children, one died. Stevens died from an illness on November 11, 2006 in Northwood, Middlesex, England, aged 81.


Laurie Anderson

Laura Phillips Anderson (born June 5, 1947), known as Laurie Anderson, is an American avant-garde artist, composer, musician and movie director. Her work includes performance art, pop music and multimedia projects. She was first trained in violin and sculpting. Anderson had many performance art projects in New York during the 1970s. She focused mainly on language, technology and visual imagery. She became more widely known outside the art world when her single "O Superman" became number two on the United Kingdom singles chart in 1981. She also starred in and directed the 1986 concert movie "Home of the Brave".

Hassan Zirak

Hassan Zirak (29 November 1921 – 26 June 1972) was a Kurdish singer. He performed over 1000 songs during his life. His songs are very popular in areas of Iran and Iraq where Kurds live.

Mineral County

Mineral County is the name of many counties in the United States:


Martha Reeves

Martha Rose Reeves (born July 18, 1941) is an American singer. She was also a councilwoman in Detroit, Michigan. She was associated with R&B group Martha and the Vandellas during the 1960s. Together, their hits included "Dancing in the Street" and "Heat Wave". She had some solo songs, also.

Reeves was a Detroit Councilwoman between 2005 and 2009. She was born in Alabama. She was raised in Detroit.

Bukan

Bukan (, ) is a city in the West Azerbaijan province of Iran. Bokan is between Saqqez and Miandoab. Bokan's people are Kurd. They speak in Kurdi and most of them are able to speak Persian. Most of people believe in Islam.

Kristy McNichol

Christina Ann "Kristy" McNichol (born September 11 1962) is an American TV and movie actress. She played Letitia "Buddy" Lawrence in the television program "Family". She played Barbara Weston in the sitcom "Empty Nest". She also acted with Cynthia Nixon in the 1980 movie "Little Darlings" and as the main character in the 1981 movie "White Dog". She was born in Los Angeles.

Kasuga, Fukuoka

Kasuga is a city in Fukuoka Prefecture, Kyushu, Japan.

Villages of Japan

Villages of Japan or Mura are the smallest local administrative units in Japan. As a result of changes in the way places are grouped, some Prefectures, such as Saga Prefecture, no longer have any villages which are administered separately.

Sylvia Robinson

Sylvia Robinson (born March 6 1936-died September 29 2011) was an American singer, musician, record label executive and record producer who founded and was CEO of the Sugar Hill Record Company in the 1970s. She began recording in 1950 through Columbia Records. She also had several hit songs, with other musicians and solo, including the sensual song "Pillow Talk". Robinson was born in New York City. She died due to congestive heart failure at age 75.

Jenny Frost

Jenny Frost (born 22 February 1978) is a British singer, television presenter and model. She was born in Wallasey, Merseyside and raised in Manchester. She has been a member of girl groups Precious and Atomic Kitten. She has presented "Snog Marry Avoid?" and "OK! TV". 

Donny Hathaway

Donny Hathaway (October 1, 1945 - January 13, 1979) was an American singer and musician who did R&B, soul blues and jazz. He collaborated many times under singer Roberta Flack, and had many singles with her. He covered the Carole King hit "You've Got a Friend" and the Aretha Franklin song "Baby I Love You". He was born in Chicago, though raised near St. Louis. He terminated his own life by jumping from a New York City hotel room onto the sidewalk on January 13, 1979. He had schizophrenia and depression.

Uwajima, Ehime

Todo Takatora established a small domain at Uwa in 1595. The town developed around Uwajima Castle.

A cadet branch of the Date clan was established at Uwajima in 1614.


Julieta Venegas

Julieta Venegas Percevault (born November 24, 1970 in Long Beach, California), is a Mexican singer, songwriter, instrumentalist and producer. She sings pop-rock in the Spanish language. She speaks English, Portuguese, and Spanish.

She plays several instruments such as acoustic guitar, accordion, and keyboard. She has won five Latin Grammys and one Grammy Award. She has composed music for theater and performed in soundtracks for two movies.

Venegas began playing instruments at the age of 10 when her parents first sent her to piano lessons. Music became her passion. At the start of her career, she collaborated with a few bands in Tijuana, and then later in Mexico City Her first solo album, "Aquí", was released in 1998 collaborating with Gustavo Santaolalla. She recorded, toured and played live. In 2000, she recorded her second album, "Bueninvento", where she experimented with the electric guitar, and collaborated with producers and musicians including Gustavo Santaolalla, Meme de Real, Quique Rangel, Toy Hernandez and Joe Chiccarelli. In 2003, she released her third album, "Sí", which was recorded and produced in Buenos Aires and Madrid with guest musicians Cachorro López and Coti Sorokin. In 2006, her fourth album, "Limón y Sal", debuted with the help of producer Cachorro López. In 2007, she collaborated with Miranda! to record the song "Perfecta," which became a chart-topping single in 2008 in Latin America. Also that year, she was featured in "MTV Unplugged" which led to a DVD and CD. The single "El Presente" was drawn from that production. The album "Otra Cosa" was released in March 2010.

On August 13, 2010 Julieta gave birth to a baby girl named Simona in Mexico City.



Juárez Municipality, Chihuahua

Juárez is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Ciudad Juárez. The municipality's land area is .

In the 2010 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a population of 1,332,131, of whom 1,321,004 (over 99%) lived in the municipal seat. 

The municipality is named for 19th-century president Benito Juárez, as is the city of Ciudad Juárez.

The municipality has 147 localities. They include:

Municipalities of Chihuahua

Chihuahua is divided into 67 municipalities "(municipios):" 

Rosales Municipality

Rosales is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Santa Cruz de Rosales. The municipality covers an area of 1716.6 km².

In 2005, the municipality had a total population of 15,935. 

The municipality has 71 localities. They include:

Victoria Abril

Victoria Abril (born Victoria Mérida Rojas, 4 July 1959 ) is a Spanish actress and singer. She is best known for her acting in the movie "¡Átame!" ("Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!") by director Pedro Almodóvar.




Gran Morelos

Gran Morelos is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is San Nicolás de Carretas. The municipality land area is 424.2 km².

In the 2005 Census, the municipality had a total population of 3,092. 

Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest

Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest (also called Donkey Kong Country 2 or DKC2) is the second game in the "Donkey Kong Country" series of video games and the second game in the original "Donkey Kong Country" trilogy, overall. It was released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1995. It is a sequel and direct follow-up to "Donkey Kong Country" and was followed by "" in 1996. This video game was developed and created by Rare, Ltd. and published by Nintendo.

This game was later re-released for the Game Boy Advance in 2004 and for the Wii's Virtual Console in 2007. On November 25, 2012, for reasons unknown, "Donkey Kong Country 2" and the other two original "Donkey Kong Country" games were delisted from the Wii's Virtual Console worldwide except in South Korea, but on October 30, 2014, the games were relisted only in Europe and Australia. Around the same time, the games were released on the Wii U's Virtual Console in Europe and Australia, in Japan on November 26, 2014, and in the United States and Canada on February 26, 2015. For handhelds, "Donkey Kong Country 2" ported exclusively over to the New Nintendo 3DS's Virtual Console in March/April 2016. It was made available for the Nintendo Switch Online on September 23, 2020.

"Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest" is the sixth best-selling Super Nintendo Entertainment System game, with its predecessor being the third. A similar Game Boy game was released a year later, in 1996, "Donkey Kong Land 2".

The story centres around Diddy and Dixie on a quest to rescue Donkey Kong from the Kaptain K. Rool.

The world list in "Donkey Kong Country 2" tallies up to eight total, one more than in "Donkey Kong Country". There is also the newly introduced Lost World that requires a total of fifteen Kremkoins (the in-game currency) to access one level. The eight worlds are:


There are six bosses in the game (seven in the Game Boy Advance version). The final boss, Kaptain K. Rool, is battled twice within the story: once in The Flying Krock and again in the Lost World. The seven bosses are:


San Nicolás de Carretas

San Nicolás de Carretas is a town in the Chihuahua, Mexico. It is the municipal seat of the municipality of Gran Morelos. 

San Nicolás de Carretas was founded as a Franciscan mission in 1688. 

Visakhapatnam

Visakhapatnam or Vizag is a metropolitan area and port city in the Andhra Pradesh, India.

Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble!

Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble! (also called Donkey Kong Country 3 or DKC3) is the third game in the "Donkey Kong Country" series of video games and the third and final game in the original "Donkey Kong Country" trilogy, overall. It is the sequel and direct follow-up to "Donkey Kong Country" and "". It was released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It was developed by Rare and published by Nintendo.

The game itself was later re-released for the Game Boy Advance in 2005 and for the Wii's Virtual Console in 2007/2008. Unlike its predecessors, "Donkey Kong Country 3" was not released for the Wii's Virtual Console in South Korea. On November 25, 2012, for reasons unknown, "Donkey Kong Country 3" and both its predecessors were delisted from the Wii's Virtual Console, but on October 30, 2014, the games were relisted only in Europe and Australia. Around the same time, the games were released on the Wii U's Virtual Console in Europe and Australia, in Japan on November 26, 2014, and in the United States and Canada on February 26, 2015. For handhelds, "Donkey Kong Country 3" was ported exclusively over to the New Nintendo 3DS's Virtual Console in May/June 2016. It was made available for the Nintendo Switch Online on December 18, 2020.

A similar game was released for the Game Boy in 1997, "Donkey Kong Land III", and it has the same characters and settings.

Donkey and Diddy went on a fishing trip and have gone missing. Meanwhile, the Kremling Krew returns under the leadership of KAOS.

There are eight worlds (nine in the Game Boy Advance remake) in total in "Donkey Kong Country 3". This also includes Pacifica, a world exclusive to the Game Boy Advance version. The worlds include:


There are seven bosses (eight in the Game Boy Advance version) in the entire game. The reason for another boss in the Game Boy Advance version is because of the new world Pacifica. The bosses include:


Several changes were made for the Game Boy Advance re-release:



Valle del Cauca

Valle del Cauca is one of the 32 departments of Colombia. It is in the southwest of the country, being parts of the Andean Region and Pacific Region. It is named after the valley of the Cauca River. Its capital is Cali. 

Valle del Cauca is known for being the powerhouse department of the Pacific and contains the important coastal city known for its seaports: Buenaventura. Valle del Cauca also has important inland cities known for Salsa Dancing and culture: Buga, Toro, and Cali. Cali is also known for its Sancocho soup made with chicken, potatoes, yuca, corn, cilantro/coriander and plantain, and for being the capital of football in Colombia. 

This department also houses the highest Human Development Index and some of the highest GDP per capita in the country. 

Municipalities of Mexico

Municipalities () are the second-level administrative division in Mexico. There are 2,438 municipalities in Mexico, making the average municipality population 45,616.

Morelos Municipality, Chihuahua

Morelos is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in north-western Mexico. The municipal seat is Morelos. The municipality covers an area of 1336.8 km².

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,172. 

It is named after Independence War hero José María Morelos.

The municipality has 295 localities. They include:

Delicias Municipality

Delicias is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The capital is Delicias. The municipality covers an area of 335.4 km.

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 127,211.

Delicias

Delicias (Spanish for "Delights") is a city in Chihuahua, Mexico. It is the seat of the municipality of the same name. It is located southeast of the state capital, Chihuahua. 

Hashima, Gifu

Hashima is known for its wool crafts.


Nuevo Casas Grandes Municipality

Nuevo Casas Grandes is a Mexican municipality of Chihuahua, Mexico. The seat of the municipality is the city of Nuevo Casas Grandes.

Chínipas Municipality

Chínipas is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Chínipas de Almada. The municipality covers an area of 2,278.9 km².

In 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,233.

Donald Richie

Donald Steiner Richie (April 17, 1924 – February 19, 2013) was an American writer, director, historian, journalist, and movie critic. He only wrote his books or reviewed his movies in Japan. He directed his first movie when he was 17.

Richie was born on April 17, 1924 in Lima, Ohio. He studied at Columbia University. Richie was openly bisexual. He could speak Japanese, but could not write in it. Richie died on February 19, 2013 in Tokyo, Japan from natural causes, aged 88.



Tajimi

Musō Kokushi established a Buddhist temple named Eihō-ji in 1314. The town grew up around the temple.
The modern city was founded in 1940.


Guachochi Municipality

Guachochi is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Guachochi. The municipality covers an area of 4,340.35 km².

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 45,881. 

The municipality has 1,134 localities. They include:

Guachochi

Guachochi is a city in the south-western Chihuahua, Mexico. It is the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of the same name.

In the 2005 INEGI census, the city had 12,385 residents. 

Jonathan Katz

Jonathan Paul Katz (born December 1, 1946) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and writer. He is known for his role as Dr. Katz in "Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist". Katz won an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Voice-Over Performance" in 1995. 

Katz was born in New York City to a Jewish-Hungarian immigrant family. He was educated at Goddard College. 

Katz is a close friend of playwright David Mamet, with whom he attended Goddard College. Katz co-wrote "House of Games]" with Mamet and had small roles in the Mamet-directed films "Things Change," "Homicide," "The Spanish Prisoner," and "State and Main".

Originally a musician and songwriter, Katz fronted a rhythm and blues group called "Katz and Jammers" before serving as the musical director for Robin Williams' 1979 standup tour. In 1998, he released "Brandon Project", a blues album.

In 1996, Katz was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. The initial symptoms began that year: "I was working on a TV show called "Ink" with Ted Danson, and after every episode we would take a curtain call and I noticed that I needed a head-start."

Hiding his condition became too much of a burden for Katz and he eventually disclosed it. He began speaking publicly as part of a tour sponsored by a manufacturer of medications used to treat MS."People have been pretty supportive; nobody ever had me in mind for an action film because of the kind of work I do -- mostly in the world of animation, which is not a big issue because as a person, I can't run that fast; as a cartoon character, I can fly -- literally." Katz, who now gets around with the help of a motorized scooter and performs onstage with the aid of a cane, says he doesn't regret his decision: "One of the reasons I disclosed my condition is because it is much easier to live with MS than to pretend you don't have it. If I could convince everyone of that, my job here is done."

Katz is married to Suzan Katz. They have two children. 


Susana Giménez

María Susana Giménez Aubert (born January 29, 1944 in Buenos Aires, Argentina), is an Argentine talk show host, actress, model and businesswoman. She is considered the biggest celebrity in Argentine television.



Beaivi

Beaivi also called, Beiwe, Bievve, Beivve and Biejje, is the sun goddess in Sámi mythology. She is the goddess of fertility and sanity. Beivve was often accompanied by her daughter, Beaivi-nieida (the sun maiden) in an enclosure of reindeer antlers.


Lou Myers

Lou Leabengula Myers (September 26, 1935 – February 19, 2013) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Vernon Gaines in "A Different World". 

Myers was born in Chesapeake, West Virginia on September 26, 1935. Myers died on February 19, 2013 in Charleston, West Virginia from pneumonia and heart failure, aged 77. 


James Randi

James Randi (born Randall James Hamilton Zwinge; August 7, 1928 – October 20, 2020) was a Canadian-American magician and skeptic. He was known for performing ghost magic. He founded the James Randi Educational Foundation. He held two world records in the Guinness World Records. He was influenced by Harry Houdini and Harry Blackstone, Sr..

Randi was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. He was openly gay. He married his partner of 27 years, Deyvi Pena, in 2013.

Randi died on October 20, 2020 in Plantation, Florida at the age of 92.

The following are Guinness World Records:

<br>


Fixed-gear bicycle

A fixed-gear bicycle (also called a "fixie") is a bicycle that has no freewheel mechanism (allowing pedals to stay still while moving).
It is a dangerous bike to use in towns. This type of bicycle is becoming more and more popular around the world.

Fixed-gear bicycles are very light. They are built without any unnecessary gadgets, such as chain rings or freewheel hub. When a person rides a fixed-gear bicycle, he/she/they need not put a lot of energy into it as with a geared bike. 

Most bicycles have a freewheel so the pedals will stay stationary while the bicycle is moving and so that the rider can ride without pedaling going forward or down a hill. Fixed-gear bicycles have even simpler mechanisms with pedals fixed to the back wheel. That means that the rider cannot stop pedaling. When the rear wheel turns, the pedals turn in the same direction. This allows a cyclist to use a brake by putting a pressure in opposite directions to pedals, so that the mechanism will not rotate.

It also makes it possible to ride backwards, although learning to do so is much more difficult than riding forwards.

Causeway

A Causeway is a road or railway embankment across water or marsh. Some may be underwater at high tide.


Lifestyle

Lifestyle is the way of life of person, group, or culture.
The term "lifestyle" was used for the first time by Austrian psychologist Alfred Adler (1870-1937).

A lifestyle is a way of living or doing things. Lifestyle is doing things, living your life and making decisions in your own unique way. Lifestyle can be political, social, economical and personal way of seeing, doing and understanding things. Not all parts of a lifestyle are our decisions. Surrounding social and technical systems, like economical situation and people around us, can limit the lifestyle choices available to the individual.

The Pallbearer

The Pallbearer is an American romantic comedy released in 1996 directed by Matt Reeves. It stars Toni Collette and Gwyneth Paltrow. The story is about suicide and romance conflict. It received almost $6 million in the box office.

Barbara Bates

Barbara Bates (August 6, 1925 – March 18, 1969) was an American actress. She acted mostly in movies. She played Phoebe in the 1950 movie "All about Eve" and acted in many other movies in her career. She was born in Denver, Colorado. She killed herself with carbon monoxide poisoning, also in Denver. She was age 43.

Seven Bridges of Königsberg

The Seven Bridges of Königsberg is a historically famous problem in mathematics. Leonhard Euler solved the problem in 1735. This led to the beginning of graph theory. This then led to the development of topology.

The city of Königsberg in Prussia (now Kaliningrad, Russia) was set on both sides of the Pregel River. It included two large islands which were connected to each other and the mainland by seven bridges.

The problem was to find a way to walk through the city by crossing each bridge once and only once. The islands could not be reached by any route other than the bridges. Every bridge must have been crossed completely every time. The walk need not start and end at the same spot. Euler proved that the problem has no solution. 

First, Euler pointed out that the choice of route inside each land mass does not matter. The only important property of a route is the order in which the bridges are crossed. So, he changed the problem to abstract terms. This laid the foundations of graph theory. He removed all features except the list of land masses and the bridges connecting them. In the language of graph theory, he replaced each land mass with an abstract "vertex" or node. Then he replaced each bridge with an abstract connection, an "edge". An edge (road) recorded which two vertices (land masses) were connected. In this way, he formed a graph.

The graph drawn is an abstract picture of the problem. So, the edges can be joined in any way. Only whether two points are connected or not are important. Changing the picture of the graph does not change the graph itself. 

Next, Euler observed that (except at the endpoints of the walk), whenever one enters a vertex by a bridge, one leaves the vertex by a bridge. In any walk of the graph, the number of times one enters a vertex equals the number of times one leaves it. If every bridge has been crossed exactly once, it follows that, for each land mass (except for the ones chosen for the start and finish), the number of bridges touching that land mass must be "even". This is because if there are n bridges, it is crossed exactly 2n times. However, all four of the land masses in the original problem are touched by an "odd" number of bridges (one is touched by 5 bridges, and each of the other three are touched by 3). There are at most two masses which can be the endpoints of a walk. So the proposition of a walk crossing each bridge once leads to a contradiction.

In modern language, Euler shows that whether a walk through a graph crossing each edge once is possible or not depends on the degrees of the nodes. The degree of a node is the number of edges touching it. Euler shows that a necessary condition for the walk is that the graph be connected and have exactly zero or two nodes of odd degree. This result stated by Euler was later proved by Carl Hierholzer. Such a walk is now called an "Eulerian path" or "Euler walk". If there are nodes of odd degree, then any Eulerian path will start at one of them and end at the other. Since the graph representing the historical Königsberg has four nodes of odd degree, it cannot have an Eulerian path.

Euler's work was presented to the St. Petersburg Academy on August 26, 1735. It was published as "Solutio problematis ad geometriam situs pertinentis" (The solution of a problem relating to the geometry of position) in the journal "Commentarii academiae scientiarum Petropolitanae" in 1741. It is available in English in The World of Mathematics.

In the history of mathematics, Euler's solution of the Königsberg bridge problem is considered to be the first theorem of graph theory. Graph Theory is a subject now generally regarded as a branch of combinatorics. 

Two of the seven original bridges were destroyed during the bombing of Königsberg in World War II. Two others were later demolished. They were replaced by a modern highway. The three other bridges remain, although only two of them are from Euler's time (one was rebuilt in 1935). Thus, as of 2000, there were five bridges in Kaliningrad.

In terms of graph theory, two of the nodes now have degree 2, and the other two have degree 3. Therefore, an Eulerian path is now possible, but since it must begin on one island and end on the other, it is impractical for tourists.



The Heat

The Heat is a 2013 police comedy which stars Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy. Bullock plays a Special Agent and the latter plays a detective. This comedy is set in Boston.

San (river)

San is a river in southeastern Poland. It is 443.3 km long.

List of Latin phrases (Q)

Map coloring

Map coloring is a term used for two different concepts: In geography and mapmaking it is used to say that colors are assigned to certain areas on a map. Examples of this are coloring that show the countries or divisions of a country, but also to visualize other data, for example the altitude. The other use is in mathematics: There it is used to describe the problem of finding the minimal number of colors needed to color a given map.

Color is very useful to show different features on a map. Typical uses of color include showing different countries, different temperatures, or different kinds of roads.

Displaying the information in different colors can affect the understanding or feel of the map. In many cultures, certain colors have certain meanings. For example, red can mean danger, green can mean nature, and blue can mean water, which can be confused with the sea.

Mapmakers may also use colors that are related to what they are mapping. For example, when mapping where it rains more or less, they may use different shades of blue. For a map of wildfires, they may use yellows, reds, and oranges. Carefully choosing colors is important so the map is easy to read and understand. Also, the mapmaker must take into account that many people have impaired color vision, and colors must be used such that these readers can see their differences.


Q.E.D.

Q.E.D. is an acronym or initialism of the Latin phrase , which means "what was to be demonstrated". In other words, Q.E.D. means "something was to be proven, and now it has been done".

In the European Renaissance, scholars often wrote in Latin. The phrases "Q.E.D." was often used at the end of mathematical or philosophical proofs.

"Q.E.D." is used in many languages, including:



Five color theorem

The Five color theorem is a theorem from Graph theory. It states that any plane which is separated into regions, such as a map, can be colored with no more than five colors. It was first stated by Alfred Kempe in 1890, and proved by Percy John Heawood eleven years later. Kempe also tried to prove it, but his proof failed. There are two restrictions which are placed on the maps: First, a country must be contiguous, there must be no exclaves, and secondly, countries that only touch in one point can be colored with the same color. 

There is also a four color theorem, which is stronger, and much more difficult to prove. 

Silence procedure

Silence procedure (French: "procédure d'approbation tacite") is a decision-making tactic or process used in international political contexts. The procedure is based on the Latin phrase "qui tacet consentire videtur" which means "he who is silent is taken to agree" or "silence means consent". 

The silence procedure is used to enhance the process of consensus-building. It is used by many international groups, including NATO, and the European Union (EU). 

In the contexts of such multi-party groups, silence signifies a willingness to work together to limit the possible causes of paralysis.

Ahumada Municipality

Ahumada is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Villa Ahumada. The municipality covers an area of 17,131.5 km².

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 11,727.

Villa Ahumada

Villa Ahumada (officially Miguel Ahumada) is the seat of the Ahumada Municipality in the Chihuahua, Mexico. It had 8,753 inhabitants (2005). It is located along Highway 45, about south of Ciudad Juárez and north of the city of Chihuahua.

Municipalities of Coahuila

General Cepeda Municipality

General Cepeda is a one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat is General Cepeda. The municipality covers an area of 3517 km².

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 11,284.

Providenciales

Providenciales is the main tourist island in the Turks and Caicos Islands. It is also where most of the people in the country live, with a population of about 32,000. The island has an area of .

Grace Bay is where most of the resorts are. The first resort was Club Med. It opened in 1984. Blue Hills, Five Cays, and The Bight were the original villages.


Vortex (Kings Island)

Vortex is a steel roller coaster at Kings Island in Mason, Ohio. It was designed and built by Arrow Dynamics. It cost $4 million. The ride officially opened to the public on April 11, 1987. When it opened, Vortex was the tallest, full-circuit roller coaster with the highest drop in the world. It was also the first one where riders are upside down six times.
Vortex is where The Bat used to be. The Bat was the world's first suspended roller coaster. There have been more than 38 million rides on Vortex. It is one of the most popular attractions at Kings Island.


Michelle Creber

Michelle Nicole Creber (born September 7, 1999) is a Canadian voice actress, actress and singer who is best known for voicing Apple Bloom, as well as the singing voice for Sweetie Belle in . She released her first solo album titled "Timeless: Songs of a Century" on August 28, 2012. The album features popular musicians from the brony community. She also hosts her own Internet radio show called Saturday Night Songs, on the brony media network "Everfree Network".


Bangladesh national cricket team statistics and records

This is a page list of records and statistics of the Bangladesh Cricket Team.

Bangladesh played their first test match on 10 November 2000. It was against India. The records in test matches for Bangladesh are written in this section.

Hundreds aren't shown here because almost ten players have one.


As total 6 Players in Bangladesh National Cricket Team got 5 wickets 1 time so in this list those are not counted.
Only Enamul Haque Jr got a 10 wicket in a match and that is the one and only 10 wicket figure in a match.

Bangladesh played their 1st One-Day International against a full member of ICC (Pakistan) on 31 March 1986. The records in One Day Internationals are written here.

Full Table at ESPNcricinfo

Full Table at ESPNcricinfo

Full Table at ESPNcricinfo

Full Table at ESPNcricinfo

Full Table on ESPNcricinfo

Full Table at ESPNcricinfo

Full Table at ESPNcricinfo


Shakib Al Hasan

Shakib Al Hasan ()(born 24 March 1987) is a Bangladeshi international cricketer and politician. He is an all-rounder and a member of perliament. He bats left-handed in the middle order. He is a slow left-arm orthodox bowler. He played for Bangladesh at under-19 level, at Youth level at 2005-2006. He made his One Day International (ODI) debut against Zimbabwe in August 2006. He made his test debut the May 2007 against India. In 2023, After Tamim Iqbal stepped down as captain, Shakib was made the captain of Bangladesh national cricket team and is leading Bangladesh as a Captain in the 2023 Cricket World Cup.

Shakib Al Hasan is also a businessman. His company name is Fiesta Event Management Limited.

Shakib Al Hasan completed secondary and higher secondary education at the Bangladesh Krira Shikkha Protishtan (BKSP) and obtained graduation in BBA from American International University-Bangladesh (AIUB).

Shakib's father is Khondoker Masroor Reza and his mother is Shirin Reza.

He married Umme Ahmed Shishir, a Bangladeshi American on 12 December 2012. The couple met in 2010 while Shakib was playing county cricket for Worcestershire in England. They had their first daughter Alayna Aubrey Hasan on 8 November 2015, their second daughter Errum Hasan on 24 April 2020 and their first son Eyzah Al Hasan on 16 March 2021.


Tamim Iqbal

Tamim Iqbal Khan popularly known as Tamim Iqbal () (born 20 March 1989) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. Tamim made his One Day International and Test debut at 2007. He is a left-handed opening batsman and was the captain of Bangladesh national cricket team from March 2020 to August 2023.

Mashrafe Mortaza

Mashrafe Bin Mortaza () (born 5 October 1983 in Narail District, Jessore) is a Bangladeshi cricketer and politician. He made his test dubut in the national side in late 2001 against Zimbabwe without playing a One Day International. Mortaza captained his country in one Test and seven One Day Internationals (ODIs) between 2009 and 2010. He is the captain of Dhaka Gladiators.

Mortaza was born in the Narail District of Bangladesh. He completed his Secondary School Certificate (SSC) from "Narail Government High School" in 2001 and Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC) from "Narail Victoria College" in 2003. Then he got himself admitted into Department of Philosophy at the Jahangirnagar University in 2003-04 for his bachelor's degree. 

Mortaza married Sumona Haque Sumi in 2006. Both they have a son and daughter.


Mohammad Ashraful

Mohammad Ashraful () (born 7 July 1984) is a Bangladeshi international cricket player. He was the captain of national side during 2008-2010. Ashraful captained his country in 13 Tests. But lost in 12 and one ended draw. He also captained 38 One Day Internationals (ODIs) of which Bangladesh won eight. Ashraful scored the fastest fifty in the test among any batsman of the world, also scored the fastest fifty in the ODI and twenty20 international comparing any Bangladeshi batsman. He is the youngest test centurion.

Marianne Faithfull

Marianne Evelyn Gabriel Faithfull (born 29 December 1946) is an English singer and actress who has had many hit songs, solo and with other singers. Her singing career began around 1964. Faithfull was born in Hampstead, London, and is of Austrian ancestry.

In 2006, Faithfull was diagnosed with breast cancer. She had surgery later the same year and has recovered. In 2007, she said she was diagnosed with hepatitis C in 1995. In April 2020, during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic, it was reported that Faithfull was being treated in hospital for COVID-19.

Matlock (TV series)

Matlock is an American television drama crime/mystery show. It starred Andy Griffith as defense attorney Ben Matlock. The show was broadcast on ABC and on NBC. The show was set in Atlanta, Georgia. It ran from September 1986 through May 1995. The show had 9 seasons and 195 episodes. The show had several spin-offs such as "Jake and the Fatman" and "".


Peter Haskell

Peter Abraham Haskell (October 15, 1934 – April 12, 2010) was an American actor. He was mostly known for guest-starring in many famous shows such as "Columbo", "Matlock", "Barnaby Jones", "Frasier", "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", "Medical Center", and in "Dr. Kildare".

Haskell was born on October 15, 1934 in Boston, Massachusetts. He studied at Buckingham Browne & Nichols and at Harvard University. Haskell was married to Annie Compton from 1960 until they divorced in 1974. Then he was married to Dianne Tolmich from 1974 until his death in 2010. He had two children, a daughter and son. Haskell died on April 12, 2010 from unknown causes in Northridge, California, aged 75.

Humoral immunity

The humoral immune system is a part of the immune system which defends the body against invading organisms and other foreign material.

The humeral part is done by macromolecules outside the cells. These may be secreted antibodies, complement proteins, or certain antimicrobial peptides. Their job is to attack bacteria (and other foreign substances) which are loose in the blood stream or other fluids. In older medicine, these fluids were called "humors". Both the more primitive innate immune system, and the later acquired or adaptive immune system of vertebrates, have humoral components.

The humoral immune system contrasts with the cell-mediated immunity. That involves the activation of phagocytes, antigen-specific cytotoxic T-lymphocytes, and the release of various cytokines in response to an antigen.

The main cells that make it work are the B cells, which create and secrete antibodies that seek out the invaders and attach to them. Once the invader is coated in antibodies, this targets the invader for destruction by other parts of the immune system. Before the B cell can create antibodies, it first needs T helper cells to 'teach' the B cell about details of the incoming invader. This is a key part of the adaptive immune system, and the reference attached here summarizes the process.

The production of antibodies tailor-made to combat particular bacteria is the most important element, but there are a number of other humeral defenses from the more primitive innate immune system.

Andrew Shaw

Andrew Shaw (born July 20, 1991 in Belleville, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He played parts of 10 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks and Montreal Canadiens.

He began his hockey career with the Niagara IceDogs of the OHL and played for them for 2 seasons. He also played for the Owen Sound Attack for 1 season. He entered the draft on 2011 and he was drafted with the 139th overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. 

He was assigned to the Rockford IceHogs, the farm team of the Blackhawks. He was called up to the Blackhawks during the 2011-12 NHL season. On January 5, 2012, he got in his first-ever NHL fight on the second shift of his first NHL game. He returned to the game after receiving stitches and score the first goal of his NHL career on his first shot of his first game against Ilya Bryzgalov of the Philadelphia Flyers. On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

On April 26, 2021, Shaw announced his retirement from playing professional ice hockey. He said that he suffered too many concussions and doctors told him to retire.

Allison Crowe

Allison Crowe (November 16, 1981, British Columbia) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, guitarist and pianist. Most of the songs she records are written by Crowe. She is known as well for releasing cover versions of certain songs. She is known for releasing independent albums. Cover songs include the Beatles' "Let it Be" and "Imagine" from John Lennon. Her distinctive voice is often compared against that of Mahalia Jackson. She appeared in a cameo role in the 2013 movie "Man of Steel".

Moore's law

Moore's law is that the number of transistors on integrated circuits doubles about every two years. Intel executive David House said the period was "18 months". He predicted that period for a doubling in chip performance: a combination of the effect of more transistors and their being faster. 

The law is named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore, who described the trend in his 1965 paper.
The paper stated that the number of components in integrated circuits had doubled every year from the invention of the integrated circuit in 1958 until 1965 and predicted that the trend would continue "for at least ten years". His prediction has proved very accurate. The law is used in the semiconductor industry to guide long-term planning and to set targets for research and development.

The capabilities of many digital electronic devices are strongly linked to Moore's law: processing speed, memory capacity, sensors and even the number and size of pixels in digital cameras. All of these are improving at (roughly) exponential rates as well.

This exponential improvement has greatly increased the effect of digital electronics in the world economy. Moore's law describes a driving force of technological and social change in the late 20th and early 21st centuries.

This trend has continued for more than half a century. Intel stated in 2015 that the pace of advancement has slowed. Brian Krzanich, CEO of Intel, announced that "our cadence today is closer to two and a half years than two".

Shahriar Nafees

Shahriar Nafees Ahmed () (born 25 January 1986) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He is a left-handed opening batsman. He made his One Day International (ODI) debut for Bangladesh in 2005. The opposition team was England. In 2005 he played his first Test.

Mushfiqur Rahim

Mohammad Mushfiqur Rahim () (born 1 September 1988) is a Bangladeshi cricketer and the captain of his national team. He made his Test debut in 2005, at the age of 16. Rahim trained at the Bangladesh Institute of Sports. At the next year he made his ODI debut. At the end of 2011 he was given the captain of his national side.


Habibul Bashar

Qazi Habibul Bashar () (born August 17, 1972) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He was the former captain of Bangladesh national cricket team. He captained Bangladesh at 2007 ICC World Cup. The first test victory came under his captaincy against Zimbabwe. He is the most successful captain in Bangladesh cricket's history. Under his captaincy, Bangladesh have beaten Australia, India, South Africa and Sri Lanka in limited overs matches. He is currently one of the chief selectors of BCB

In 1989 Bashar played for the Bangladesh Under-19 team in the U-19 Asia Cup. In 1990s he played his domestic cricket for Biman Bangladesh Airlines. He made his ODI debut at the 1995 Asia Cup against Sri Lanka. He missed the 1997 ICC Trophy. He also missed the 1999 World Cup.

Test Debut: vs India, Bangabandhu, 2000

ODI Debut: vs Sri Lanka, Sharjah, 1995


Mohammad Rafique (cricketer)

Mohammed Rafique () (born September 5, 1970) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He was the leading wicket-taker for Bangladesh in Test matches.

Javed Omar

Mohammad Javed Omar Belim (born November 25, 1976) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He has played Tests and ODI cricket since 2005.

Khaled Mashud

Khaled Mashud () (born February 8, 1976 in Rajshahi) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He was a wicketkeeper, also a middle order batsman. He was a regular member of the national team between 1995-2007. Former Bangladeshi coach Dav Whatmore said that Khaled Mashud was the best wicket-keeper in Asia.

International Cricket Council

The International Cricket Council (ICC) is the international governing body of cricket. It was founded as the Imperial Cricket Conference in 1909. It was renamed as International Cricket Conference in 1965. Later in 1989, It was renamed again as International Cricket Council.

The ICC has 108 members, 12 Full Members (who play tests) and 96 Associate Members. The membership had been divided into Full, Associate, and Affiliate Members, but the Affiliate category was removed in June 2017, with all Affiliate Members becoming Associate Members.

12 countries are full members of the ICC. These are:
106 nations are Associate members:

ICC

ICC may refer to:

HoboSapiens

HoboSapiens is the fourteenth studio album by Welsh multi-instrumentalist John Cale, former member of The Velvet Underground. It was released in October 2003 as his first full-length album on EMI Records label. The producers are John Cale and Nick Franglen.

All tracks written by John Cale.

List of One Day International cricket matches played by Bangladesh and South Africa

The cricket teams of Bangladesh and South Africa have played against each other in ODIs since 2003. They have met on 14 occasions. South Africa is most successful with 13 victories, Bangladesh have won in only 1 game.



Boris Pasternak

Boris Leonidovich Pasternak (30 May 1960) was a Russian poet, novelist, and literary translator. His parents were Jewish Ukrainians. In his native Russia, Pasternak's anthology "My Sister, Life", is one of the most influential collections ever published in the Russian language. Furthermore, Pasternak's translations of plays by Goethe, Schiller and Shakespeare are deeply popular with Russian audiences.

Outside Russia, Pasternak is best known as the author of "Doctor Zhivago", a novel which takes place between the Russian Revolution of 1905 and the Second World War. Due to its independent minded stance on the socialist state, "Doctor Zhivago" was refused publication in the USSR. The typescript of "Doctor Zhivago" was smuggled out of the country to Milan and published in 1957. 

Pasternak was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature the following year, an event which humiliated and enraged the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. In the midst of a massive campaign against him by the CPSU and the Union of Soviet Writers, Pasternak reluctantly agreed to decline the prize. In his letter to the Nobel Committee, Pasternak stated the reaction of the Soviet State was the only reason for his decision. He is still listed as the winner for that year.

By the time of his death from lung cancer in 1960, the campaign against Pasternak had damaged the international credibility of the U.S.S.R. He is still a major figure in Russian literature. Furthermore, the samizdat methods were later continued, expanded, and refined by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and other Soviet dissidents.




Marivan

Marivan Hashiye (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan Province of Iran, in Iranian Kurdistan. Its population was 111,031 (in 2005). The city is located near the border of Iran and Iraq.

"Lake Zarivar" is located to the west of Marivan. It has a length of 5 kilometres and a width of 1.6 kilometres. The water of the lake is fresh and has a depth of 6 metres.
Marivans people are mostly Kurds and followers of Islam.

Mariwan is famous for its two boulevards, Falakay Penjwen and Falakay Halabja.


Nyan Cat

Nyan Cat is a moving image on the internet which became famous. It has a cat with a Pop-Tart (a type of food) for a body flying through space, with a colourful rainbow behind it. There is also a song that you can hear when watching the moving image. Nyan Cat was the 5th most watched video on YouTube, the place that has the video, in the year 2011.

On April 2, 2011, a person named Christopher Torres put the moving picture, without the song, on his place in the internet. The place is called "LOL-comics", and the picture is still there. Torres was making pictures, and two different people wanted him to make a cat and a piece of food. He combined the two to make a picture, and then made it a moving picture a few days later.
The song was made using The Vocaloid Oliver from Vocaloid in Japan and put onto the internet.

A YouTube user called "saraj00n" put the moving picture together with the song and put it onto the internet on April 5, 2011. saraj00n called it "Nyan Cat". Torres wanted the cat to be called "Pop Tart Cat", but because of saraj00n now it's called "Nyan Cat".

The original moving picture that saraj00n put onto the internet was seen 90,000,000 times . It's very well known, so other people made their own Nyan Cats. People made songs for their phones, pictures for computers, and progress bars. There are also things for iPhones, Android phones, Windows Phones, and HP webOS.
There is also a game about Nyan Cat called "Nyan Cat Adventure".
Nyan Cat was in ninth place in a contest for best moving picture on the internet in 2011 by Business Insider. 


Sanandaj

Sanandaj (, ) is the capital city of Kurdistan Province of Iran, in Iranian Kurdistan. Its population was 311,446, in 81,380 families (at 2006). Its population is mostly Kurds and followers of Islam. 

Susanna Hoffs

Susanna Hoffs (born 17 January 1959) is an American guitarist, vocalist and actress who has had many hit singles with the group The Bangles. Her hits included "Manic Monday" and "Walk Like an Egyptian". She and the group disbanded in 1990, although the Bangles regrouped nine years later. She also had some solo hit songs during her career. She was born near Los Angeles.

Ingrid Michaelson

Ingrid Ellen Michaelson (born December 8, 1979, New York City) is an American musician. She has had five studio albums since 2005. She has not been signed to any major record labels. Her music has been used in several television programs, including "The Vampire Diaries" and "Scrubs". Michaelson performed with singer Sara Bareilles on the hit single "Winter Song".

Bob Godfrey

Roland Frederick "Bob" Godfrey (May 27, 1921 – February 21, 2013) was an English Academy Award-winning animator. He won the Academy Award and the BAFTA Award for his animated short movie "Great" in 1975.

Godfrey was born on May 27, 1921 in West Maitland, New South Wales, Australia to British parents. He was raised in Ilford, Essex. Godfrey studied at Leyton Art School. He was never married. Godfrey died on February 21, 2013 in England from natural causes, aged 91.


Todor Kolev (actor)

Todor Kolev (; August 26, 1939 – February 15, 2013) was a Bulgarian actor, singer, comedian, and television presenter. He appeared in more than 30 movies and more than 50 television shows.

Kolev was born on August 26, 1939 in Shumen, Bulgaria. On February 15, 2013, he died in Sofia from lung cancer, aged 73.

Vicente Fernández

Vicente Fernández Gómez (February 17, 1940 – December 12, 2021) was a Mexican singer and actor. He is known as Chente or El Rey De La Canción Ranchera (The King of Ranchera Music). He had sold over 50 million copies worldwide. Fernandez had won eight Latin Grammy Awards and three Grammy Awards. His career spanned for over 60 years until his retirement in 2016.

Fernández was born on February 17, 1940 in Jalisco, Mexico. He had three children including Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández.

Fernández was hospitalized after falling at his home in Guadalajara on August 6, 2021. He died on December 12, 2021 from problems caused by that fall at 6:15 am in a hospital in his home town Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico at the age of 81.


Robin Sachs

Robin David Sachs (5 February 1951 – 1 February 2013) was an English actor. He was known for his roles in "", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "", "Galaxy Quest", and in "".

Sachs was born on 5 February 1951 in London, England. He was married to Siân Phillips from 1979 until they divorced in 1991. Phillips was Peter O'Toole's ex-wife. Then he was married to Casey Defranco from 1995 until they divorced in 2006. Sachs died on 1 February 2013 in his home in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack, aged 61.


Assata Shakur

Assata Olugbala Shakur (born July 16, 1947 as JoAnne Deborah Byron) is an African-American activist. She was a member of the Black Panther Party and the Black Liberation Army. She was put into prison, but in 1984 she managed to escape. She now lives in Havana, Cuba, as a fugitive. She was the first woman to be put on the FBI's Most Wanted Terrorists list. Shakur is the step-aunt of Tupac Shakur, a rapper who was assassinated in 1996.

Shakur was born in Jamaica, Queens, New York City. She lived there for three years. She then moved to North Carolina with her grandparents. Shakur was arrested for the first time in 1967 for trespassing during a protest.

In 1971, Shakur joined the Republic of New Afrika and the Black Liberation Army. She chose the name Assata Olugbala Shakur because she felt that her English name was a "slave name." She wrote in her book, "It sounded so strange when people called me Joanne. It really had nothing to do with me. I didn’t feel like no Joanne, or no negro, or no amerikan. I felt like an African woman".

Assata is a West African name from the Arabic name Aisha, which means "she who struggles." Olugbala is from Yoruba and means "savior." Shakur means "thankful one" in Arabic.

On April 6, 1971, Shakur was shot in the stomach. She was charged with attempted robbery, felonious assault, reckless endangerment, and possession of a deadly weapon, then released on bail. Between 1973 and 1977 Shakur was charged with two bank robberies, the kidnapping of a Brooklyn heroin dealer, and attempted murder of two Queens police officers. She was put in prison in 1973. On November 2, 1979 she escaped the Clinton Correctional Facility for Women in New Jersey.

In 1984, the Cuban government granted political asylum to Shakur. Her daughter Kakuya came to live with her in 1985.

Shakur wrote in a letter that Cuba was "one of the largest, most resistant and most courageous "Palenques" (Maroon Camps) that has ever existed on the face of this planet".

Phenol

Phenol is the organic compound with formula CHOH. It is a white solid. It has an OH group (hydroxyl group) bonded to a benzene ring. It is an alcohol. Because the aromatic group attracts electrons, it is quite acidic. topolin is produced from petroleum. It is an important molecule because it can be used to make many other products. It is also used in detergents and herbicides.

Phenol has a pKa of about 10. For normal alcohols this number is usually around 15. However, phenol is less acidic than compounds like carboxylic acids. The reason for this high acidity is the resonance stabilization of the molecule when it becomes an anion.

Phenol can do electrophilic aromatic substitution reactions very well. This is because the lone pair on the oxygen atom can give electrons through the benzene ring to an electrophile. Because the lone pair is so high in energy however, sometimes phenol reacts too many times.

Phenol was first discovered in 1834. It was found as a product of burning coal. One of its first uses was to kill germs in surgery. It is still used today in some analgesics. During the Second World War, phenol was also used by the Nazis. They used it in concentration camps to quickly kill small groups of people.

Guerrero, Coahuila

Guerrero is a city and seat of the municipality of Guerrero, in Coahuila, Mexico. The population was 959 in the 2010 census. 

Frontera Municipality

Frontera is one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat is Ciudad Frontera. The municipality covers an area of 506.8 km².

In 2005, the municipality had a total population of 70,160.

Escobedo, Coahuila

Escobedo is the municipal seat for the Escobedo Municipality in city in Coahuila, Mexico. The name "Escobedo" honours 19th-century liberal statesman Mariano Escobedo.

Usa, Ōita

Usa grew up around Usa Shrine which was established in the 8th century.


Hita, Ōita

Hita was a castle town in the Edo period.


Hamada, Shimane

Hamada was a castle town in the Edo period.


Izumo, Shimane

Izumo grew up around the Izumo Taisha (Shinto shrine).


Imèr

Imèr () is a city in Italy. It is in the Primiero valley in Province of Trento.

Imèr borders these municipalities: Siror, Canal San Bovo, Mezzano and Sovramonte.


Khrushchev's Secret Speech

Krushchev's Secret Speech was the speech in which Nikita Krushchev denounced Joseph Stalin after the latter's death. The speech was a spoken report to the Twentieth Party Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union on 25 February 1956. Its title was On the Cult of Personality and Its Consequences.

The report was known as the "Secret Speech" because it was delivered at a closed session of Communist Party delegates, with guests and members of the press excluded. Although the text of the Khrushchev report leaked almost immediately, the official Russian text was published only in 1989 during the glasnost campaign of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev.

The speech was based on an investigation of the repressions of the delegates of the 1934 XVII Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. They were victims of the Stalinist purges of the 1930s. Estimates of Stalin's role in history were quite changed by the speech. Many in the West who had been Communist Party member, or at least sympathetic fellow-travellers, resigned their memberships and no longer defended the reputation of Stalin. Russian writers like Solzhenitsyn found they were treated with more sympathy. The speech was a significant turning-point in history.

The speech caused such shock to the audience that, according to some reports, some of those present suffered heart attacks, and others later committed suicide. Many Soviet citizens were confused by De-Stalinization. They had been fed on praise of the "genius" of Stalin. This was especially obvious in the Georgian SSR, Stalin's homeland, where rioting ended with the Soviet Red Army crackdown on 9 March 1956.

Jeri Ryan

Jeri Ryan (born on February 22, 1968) is an American actress. She works mostly on television programs. She acted in "" and "Boston Public". She played Doctor Kate Murphy in the show "Body of Proof". She was born near Munich, Germany. She was raised in Paducah, Kentucky.


The Master and Margarita

The Master and Margarita is a novel by Mikhail Bulgakov (1891–1940), a Russsian author. It has been called one of the masterpieces of the 20th century. Like much of Bulgakov's work, magic realism and fantasy occur against the background of life in the 1920s Soviet Russia.

With a fascinating cast of characters, the novel in its deepest layer is about the interplay of good and evil, innocence and guilt, courage and cowardice.

The novel is a satire on the Soviet society, a love story and an ironical look at some religious themes, all interwoven with elements and characters from the Faust legend. The novel is divided into two parts. It starts with a plot in which two apparently unrelated stories alternate chapter by chapter.

The first plot theme is the Devil in modern Moscow; the second is the story of Pontius Pilate.

1930s Moscow is visited by Satan in the guise of "Professor" Woland or Voland (Воланд). This mysterious magician of uncertain origin arrives with a retinue.


The group causes havoc in the literary elite, especially its trade union, . is a Soviet-style abbreviation for the "Moscow Association of Writers" or "Literature for the Masses". Targets are Massolit's posh HQ, corrupt social-climbers and their women (wives and mistresses alike), bureaucrats and profiteers and, more generally, skeptical unbelievers in the human spirit.

The second setting is the Jerusalem of Pontius Pilate, described by Woland talking to Berlioz and later echoed in the pages of the Master's novel. It concerns Pontius Pilate's trial of Yeshua Ha-Notsri (Jesus the Nazarene).

Linking plots A and B are the rather sympathetic characters of Berlioz, Pontius Pilate and Ivan Ponyryov, a young, aspiring poet whose pen name (Bezdomny) means "homeless".

Berlioz is the head of . Berlioz brushes off Woland's prophecy of his death, only to have it come true just pages later in the novel. Ivan, the young poet "Homeless", tries to chase and capture the gang and warn of their evil. This lands him in a lunatic asylum, where he meets the Master (named Faust in the drafts and margins of the manuscript, but never in the finally published version). Led to despair by the rejection of his novel about Pontius Pilate and Christ, the Master burns his manuscript and turns his back on the "real" world, including his devoted lover, Margarita.

Connecting these two themes are Satan himself, and the Master with his devoted lover Margarita. The Master is an embittered author, whose historical novel about Pontius Pilate had been rejected by the Soviet literary committee .

Part Two introduces Margarita, the Master's mistress, who refuses to despair of her lover or his work. She is invited to the Devil's midnight ball, where Satan (Woland) offers her the chance to become a witch with supernatural powers. This coincides with the night of Good Friday: the Master's novel also deals with this same spring full moon when Christ's fate is sealed by Pontius Pilate and he is crucified in Jerusalem. All three events in the novel are linked by this.

Margarita enters naked into the realm of night. She flies over the deep forests and rivers of the USSR. She bathes, and returns with Azazello, her escort, to Moscow as the anointed hostess for Satan's great Spring Ball. Standing by his side, she welcomes the dark celebrities of human history as they arrive from Hell.

She survives this ordeal without breaking, and for her pains, Satan offers to grant Margarita her deepest wish. Margarita selflessly chooses to liberate a woman whom she met at the ball. Satan grants her first wish and offers her another, saying the first wish was unrelated to Margarita's own desires. For her second wish, she chooses to liberate the Master and live in poverty-stricken love with him.

The Master and Margarita, for not having lost their faith in humanity, are granted peace but are denied light – that is, they will spend eternity together in a shadowy yet pleasant region, having not earned the glories of Heaven, but not deserving the punishments of Hell. As a parallel to the Master and Margarita's freedom, Pontius Pilate is also released from his eternal punishment.

Bulgakov started writing the novel in 1928. He burnt the first manuscript of the novel in 1930, seeing no future as a writer in the Soviet Union. The work was restarted in 1931. The second draft was completed in 1936 by which point all the major plot lines of the final version were in place. The third draft was finished in 1937. Bulgakov continued to polish the work, aided by his wife, but was forced to stop work on the fourth version four weeks before his death in 1940.

A censored version (12% of the text removed and still more changed) of the book was first published in "Moscow" magazine (#11, 1966 and #1, 1967). The text of all the omitted and changed parts, with indications of the places of modification, was published on a samizdat basis. In 1967 the publisher "Posev" (Frankfurt) printed a version produced with the aid of these inserts.

In the Soviet Union, the first complete version, prepared by Anna Saakyants, was published in 1973, based on the version of the beginning of 1940 proofread by the publisher. In 1989 the last version was prepared by literature expert Lidiya Yanovskaya based on all available manuscripts.

There are quite a few published English translations of "The Master and Margarita", including:

The early translation by Glenny runs more smoothly than the modern translations. Some Russian-speaking readers consider it to be the only one creating the desired effect, though it may take liberties with the text. As an example, Glenny's translations leaves out Bulgakov's "crucial" reference to the devil in Berlioz's thought:

Several literary critics have hailed the Burgin/Tiernan O’Connor translation as the most accurate and complete English translation. There are matching annotations by Bulgakov's biographer, Ellendea Proffer. However, these judgements came before the translation by Pevear and Volokhonsky.

A graphic novel, an adaption by Andrzej Klimowski and Danusia Schejbal, published by Self Made Hero in 2008 provides a fresh visual translation/interpretation.

The novel has been the basis of films, stage productions, opera, ballet, and television versions.


Padmashali

Padmashali () or Padma Bramhana is a Hindu Bramhin in origin,and took up artisan tasks are predominantly found in South Indian States. Padmashali Bhargava Brahmins are Rugvedi Brahmins. The community members are traditionally weavers specialised in making clothes of all kinds. They engage as priests Brahmins for performing all rites and rituals and also perform services as temple Priests for other castes.

The term "Padmashali" is derived from two words "Padma" and "Shali", The Padma means lotus and Shali means weaver. They support their Sanskrit origin with various myths and "Puranas" such as "Kulapurana" and "Markandeya Purana".

The Padmashalis claim to be descendants from "Bhrigu Rishi" and "Markandeya Rishi", Markandeya's son "Bhavana Rishi" who were born one hundred and one son; they took to weaving and the first clothes they wore was out of the fibres of the lotus stem so they came to be known as "Padmashalis".

The Padmashalis divided into two groups based on "Sampradaya", being the Shaivas and the Vaishnavas and they worship both Shiva and Vishnu.

Although Padmashalis are related to Brahmins, they are considered as a backward (OBC) caste by the Indian government while forward caste in some states. The community is highly Sanskritised, with all men wearing the sacred thread and performing the similar rituals which north Indian Brahmins do, like North Indian Brahmin castes, their origin relates to sages as gothras.

The Padmashalis basically perform Brahmin rites and even today a group who are qualified as "agama shastra" "pandits" perform the "poojas" and vedic rites. They are identified as "Padma Brahmins".


2012 Trinidad and Tobago Quadrangular Twenty20

The 2012 Trinidad Quadrangular T20 is a Twenty20 cricket tournament. It was held in Trinidad & Tobago. The tournament is played to celebrate the Trinidad and Tobago's 50th year of independence. The tournament was scheduled to be a 6-match Twenty20 series between Trinidad & Tobago, Barbados, Bangladesh and Afghanistan. The matches in this series were not classified as official Twenty20 International matches. But it was classified as practice matches. The champions received a prize money of $50,000.

In the tournament points are awarded to the team as follow ;

Bijar

Bijar (, ) is a city in Kurdistan province in Iran. People of Bijar speak in Sorani and Garusi dialect of Kurdi. Most people in Bijar are followers of Islam.

Revenge (TV series)

Revenge is an American television soap opera. It was first shown on 21 September 2011, on ABC. The series is about a woman who comes back to her childhood home to get revenge on her father's friends who betrayed him by accusing him of a terrorist plot that he did not commit.

Rachel Dratch

Rachel Dratch (born February 22 1966 in Lexington, Massachusetts) is an American comedy actress. She works mostly in television programs. She was on "Saturday Night Live" from 1999 to 2006. She was also in the sitcoms "30 Rock" and "Frasier".

Fushimi, Kyoto

In Fushimi ward, Fushimi Inari-taisha, tombs of Emperor Kanmu and of Emperor Meiji are situated.


Aminul Islam Bulbul

Mohammad Aminul Islam () (born February 2, 1968 in Dacca) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He played 13 tests for Bangladesh. He also played 39 ODIs. 

He scored the first hundred for Bangladesh. 

He, along with other senior players like Minhajul Abedin Nannu and Akram Khan, took Bangladesh towards Test status.

He scored a scintillating 145 against India in their inaugural test, showing all the world of his class, and made the 2nd Bangladeshi test 50 after Habibul Bashar had reached his own. However, Bulbul, as he was affectionately called, lost his form afterwards and only managed to cross 50 twice more in Test mattches.

Now he works for ICC, aiming to develop cricket in countries where it isn't a big sport, like China for instance, and aims to spread cricket throughout the world.

Imrul Kayes

Imrul Kayes (; born 2 February 1987) is a Bangladeshi international cricketer. He plays for Khulna Division. He is a left-hand batsman. He is also an occasional wicket-keeper. He made his first-class debut in 2006.

Shahadat Hossain

Kazi Shahadat Hossain () (born August 7, 1986) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He played his first Test match for Bangladesh in 2005.

The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire

The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire is the short title of an important book by the 18th century English historian Edward Gibbon. The book traces the Roman Empire—and Western civilization as a whole—from the late first century AD to the fall of the Eastern or Byzantine Empire. 

Published in six volumes, from volume I in 1776 to volumes IV, V, VI in 1788–89. The work covers the history of the Roman Empire, Europe, and the Catholic Church from 98 to 1590 AD, and discusses the decline of the Roman Empire in the East and its fall in the West. Because of its relative objectivity and heavy use of primary sources, its methodology became a model for later historians. This led to Gibbon being called the first "modern historian of ancient Rome".

Gibbon gave an explanation for why the Roman Empire fell. 

According to Gibbon, the Roman Empire succumbed to barbarian invasions because its citizens gradually lost their "civic virtue". They had become weak, using barbarian mercenaries to defend their Empire, who then became so numerous that they were able to take over the Empire. 

Romans, he believed, became unwilling to live the tougher, "manly" military lifestyle. In addition, Gibbon argued that Christianity created a belief that a better life existed after death. This fostered an indifference to the present among Roman citizens, and sapped their desire to sacrifice for the Empire. He also believed its pacifism tended to hamper the traditional Roman martial spirit. Finally, like other Enlightenment thinkers, Gibbon held in contempt the Middle Ages as a priest-ridden, superstitious, "dark age". It was not until his own age of reason and rational thought, so it was believed, that human history could resume its progress.

Gibbon sees the Praetorian Guard as the main catalyst of the empire's initial decay and eventual collapse, a seed planted by Augustus at the start of the empire. He cites repeated examples of the Praetorian Guard abusing their power with calamitous results, including numerous instances of imperial assassination and incessant demands for increased pay.

In Volume I, especially Chapters XV and XVI, Gibbon challenged Church history. He estimated far smaller numbers of Christian martyrs than had been previously thought. The Church's version of its early history had rarely been questioned before. For Gibbon, however, the Church writings were secondary sources. He shunned them in favour of primary sources from the period he was writing about. This is one reason why Gibbon is referred to as the "first modern historian".

Gibbon's main theory was that Christianity as a prime factor in the Empire's decline and fall. 

And, more generally:

Later historians have mostly not agreed with Gibbon. Today, historians tend to analyze economic and military factors in the decline of Rome.

Gibbon continued to revise and change his work even after publication. The complexities of the problem are addressed in Womersley's introduction and appendices to his complete edition.


Aminul Islam (poet)

Aminul Islam (born 29 December 1963) is a poet and essayist. He is from Bangladesh. Aminul has written seventeen books. He written thirteen poetry books. He has been involved in creative writing for 20 years.


Aminul Islam (trade unionist)

Aminul Islam (1973 – April 2012) was a Bangladeshi trade unionist (someone who organises trade unions). He was murdered in 2012.

Islam was a former garment worker and was president of the Ashulia and Savar Bangladesh Garment & Industrial Workers Federation.
Also he was the leader of Bangladesh Center of Worker Solidarity. It has advocated for improved working conditions and higher wages. In 2010, the organization led protested to push for a larger increase in the minimum wage for garment workers. Islam and other protester were arrested for that.

Islam had recently been working to organize workers in factories, which belonged to the Shanta Group. The company produces clothing for multiple American companies, like Tommy Hilfiger, Nike, and Ralph Lauren. He had also assisted ABC News, for an interview with the survivors of a recent factory fire in Bangladesh.

Aminul Islam

Aminul Islam may refer to:


Mahmudullah

Mohammad Mahmudullah Riyad (born February 4, 1986 in Mymensingh, Dhaka), is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He is also known as Mahmudullah. Currently he is the vice captain of Bangladesh cricket team.

Naeem Islam

Mohammad Naeem Islam is an international cricketer from Bangladesh. He was born on 31 December 1986 in Gaibandha. He is a right-handed batsman. He is also an occasional off break bowler.

Shohag Gazi

Sohag Gazi (born August 5, 1991, Barisal) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He made his Test debut in first test against West Indies in 2012. taking six wickets in the second innings.

Enamul Haque Jr

Enamul Haque (born 5 December 1986 in Sylhet), is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He is known as Enamul Haque jr because a Bangladeshi player Enamul Haque played before him. He is a right-handed batsman. He bowls a slow left-arm delivery. 

India national cricket team

The Indian Cricket Team is the national cricket team of India. It is ruled by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). It is a full member of the International Cricket Council (ICC). It has Test and One Day International (ODI) status. On the other hand the women's cricket team just has Test and One Day International status. Under 19 India Cricket is involved along with the Ranji trophy in recruiting players for the Indian national team and the BCCI is the governing body in India. 


The Indian National Women's Cricket team was establish in 1976, they later debuted in 206 for the T20 international tournaments. 
The Nationals women's team is ranked at 4th place with a rating of 104 in ODIs and is ranked 4th in T20Is with a rating of 265. 


List of One Day International cricket matches played by Bangladesh and Australia

The cricket teams of Bangladesh and Australia have played against each other in ODIs since 1990. They have met on 19 occasions. Australia is most successful with 18 victories, Bangladesh have won in only 1 game.



One Day International

One Day International is a form of limited overs cricket. It is played between 2 teams who has one-day status. It was played first in 1971. The teams were Australia and England. In this format of cricket 50 overs played in each innings. But earlier it was 60 overs.

Over (cricket)

In a cricket match an over is a set of six balls bowled from one end of a cricket pitch.

In a normal over, a single bowlers delivers six balls. After the over, the umpire calls "over". Some forms of cricket, like T20 cricket, limit the number of overs that can be bowled in a match/innings.

Since 1979/80, all Test cricket has been played with six balls per over. But sometimes it also played more than six or less than six.

Balls per over

In England

In Australia

In South Africa

In New Zealand

In Pakistan

In India, West Indies, Sri Lanka, Zimbabwe, Bangladesh and the United Arab Emirates (venue, not host) all Test matches have been played with six ball overs.

Cricket pitch

In a cricket match the cricket pitch is the central part of the cricket field. It is 22 yards (20.12 m) long and 10 feet (3.05 m) wide. The surface is very flat, so the ball can bounce on it when bowled to the batsman. At each end of the pitch there is a batsman's ground and a wicket. The bowler must bowl the ball from one end of the pitch (otherwise it is a no-ball) to the batsman or wicket at the other end (it is a wide if the ball is not thrown near one of these).

Samizdat

Samizdat was the underground literature of the Soviet Union. Since many authors were banned, and could not publish their works, people used typescripts to circulate their work. Penalties for being caught with copies of banned works was severe. Owning a printing press required permission, and all forms of printing required a licence. However, typewriters were common and, with the aid of carbon paper, many copies of the best works were produced and circulated.

Once samizdats were in circulation, they sometimes got into the West. Several important works were published from samizdat and translated, before they were published in the Soviet Union.


Mindy Kaling

Vera Mindy Chokalingam, known professionally as Mindy Kaling (born June 24, 1979 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) is an American actress and comedian. She is also a writer and acts mostly on television programs.

Kaling was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts to Indian Hindu parents. Her mother was a doctor while her father was an architect. She was named "Mindy" after the character in the television series Mork & Mindy. She describes herself as a child calling herself "a respectful and hardworking wallflower". She took up acting when she attended Dartmouth College. She took a break from college for a semester to intern with Late Night with Conan O'Brien. Kaling was a member of Dartmouth's improv troupe "The Dog Day Players". She also created "Badly Drawn Girl". a comic strip for the Dartmouth newspaper. In the play "+Matt & Ben" she played Ben Affleck. It was featured on Time Magazine"s 2003 "Top Ten Theatrical Events of the Year". She graduated in 2001.

In 2005 Kaling began playing the airhead Kelly Kapoor in the situation comedy "The Office". Kaling was also a writer and producer for the show. She plays the protagonist in "The Mindy Project". She is a feminist. In 2005 Kaling acted in a film for the first time. She played a character called Amy in "The 40 Year Old Virgin".

In 2014 Kaling was on one of the four February covers of ELLE Magazine. It started a controversy because she was the only one of the four that was not a full-body shot. The question became "Mindy's not skinny enough to show her whole body, standing up from head to toe?" Kaling said she liked the cover and it made her feel glamorous.

She appeared as Mrs. Who in the 2018 Disney movie "A Wrinkle in Time". She also played Velma Dinkley in Velma

<br>

Hitoyoshi, Kumamoto


Iwakuni

Iwakuni grew up around Iwakuni Castle.


John Everett Millais

