Sir John Everett Millais, 1st Baronet, PRA 8 June 1829 – 13 August 1896) was an English painter. He was one of the founders of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood, and painted several of their most famous works. 

By the time has was 30 he had changed to become a portrait painter of famous people. He was equally good at that, and became one of the best of the later 19th century. 

His marriage to Effie (Euphemia Chalmers Gray) had a history. She had married John Ruskin, but Ruskin did not consummate the marriage.

When she met Millais some five years after her marriage, she was still a virgin. She left her husband, and their marriage was annulled in 1854. In 1855 she married Millais and they had eight children. The triangle has been used in drama and literature many times.


Six Flags Magic Mountain

Six Flags Magic Mountain is a theme park in Valencia, California, United States. It opened on May 29, 1971. From 1971 to 1979, the theme park was named Magic Mountain and independently owned. In 1979, the park was purchased by Six Flags, and it was renamed to Six Flags Magic Mountain in 1980. It is located beside a water park called Six Flags Hurricane Harbor. It has 19 roller coasters (the most in the world) and 60 other kinds of rides, giving a total of 69 rides in the park. Some of its rides include Revolution, Tatsu, X2, , Full Throttle, Scream!, , Gold Rusher, and Twisted Colossus. There are nine themed areas, including DC Universe (an area inspired by DC Comics) and The Movie District (a movie-inspired area). Starting with Wet 'n Wild Orlando, they had replaced

The current rides at Six Flags Magic Mountain are provided below:

There are currently 19 roller coasters at Six Flags Magic Mountain, the largest number of roller coasters in a park in the world.


ICS Bégué

ICS Bégué is a French private business school in Paris. It was created in 1957 and is part of IONIS Education Group.

It is recognized by the French State.


Enol

An enol is an alkene that has an OH group attached to one end of the double bond. It is called an enolate if the proton on the oxygen atom is taken away.

Enols are tautomers of ketones or aldehydes. Tautomers are molecules which are different only in the position of an hydrogen atom. Enols can be made very easily from ketones or aldehydes using a base. They are quite unstable, because the C=O bond is stronger than the C=C bond. However, they can do many interesting reactions. The best example is the aldol reaction.

Enols of ketones can be made on two different sides. It is important to be able to choose which side to react. The side with less substituents is the easiest one to react: it can be made at low temperature with a bulky base. This is called the kinetic enolate. The other side, with more substituents, is more difficult to react. Higher temperatures are needed. This is called the thermodynamic enolate.

Steric effects

Steric effects are the effects seen in molecules that come from the fact that atoms occupy space. When atoms are put close to each other, this costs energy. The electrons near the atoms want to stay away from each other. This can change the way molecules want to react. It can also change the shape (or conformation) of the molecule. The amount of space that a group of atoms takes is called the "steric bulk".
An example of steric effects is steric hindrance. This is when a large group in a molecule makes reactions not work. For example, an S2 reaction does not happen on carbon atoms that have three substituents. Steric hindrance however can also be a positive thing. Sometimes, chemists would like a reaction to happen in one place rather than another one. A bulky group can block a position. It can also change the shape such that only one diastereomer from a reaction is made.

Steric effects are usually smaller than electronic effects. These affect the molecule's shape and reactivity as well, but they come from the way electrons are placed in bonds.

Motherland Party (Azerbaijan)

The Motherland Party () is a nationalist and conservative political party in Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1990. Its members are mainly Azerbaijanis who come from Armenia. The party's leader Fazail Agamali is a former deputy minister for social protection. The party's aim is to create a "free, powerful, democratic and entire Azerbaijan".

At the 2010 parliamentary elections, it won 2 out of 125 seats.


Barking

Barking is a town in Greater London, England. It is densely populated with people from multicultural backgrounds.

Hashimoto's thyroiditis

Hashimato's thyroiditis or chronic lymphocytic thyroiditis is an autoimmune disease. The cause of Hashimato's thyroiditis is that body starts to produce antibodies against the normal thyroid tissue. This disease was the first disease to be described as autoimmune. for the first time it described by the Japanese specialist "Hakaru Hashimato" in Germany in 1912.

Tsing Ma Bridge

The Tsing Ma Bridge is a bridge in Hong Kong. It is the world's ninth-longest span suspension bridge, and was the second longest at time of completion. The bridge was named after two of the islands at its ends, namely Tsing Yi and Ma Wan. It has two decks and carries both road and rail traffic, which also makes it the largest suspension bridge of this type. The bridge has a main span of and a height of . The span is the largest of all bridges in the world carrying rail traffic. 

Kotohira, Kagawa

Kotohira grew up around the Kotohira Shrine.

"Kanamaru-za" in Kotohira is Japan's oldest surviving Kabuki playhouse.


Sly and the Family Stone

Sly and the Family Stone was an American rock, funk and soul band. The band was formed in 1967 and broke up in 1983. the band played an important park in the development of soul, funk, and psychedelic music. The group was led by Sly Stone. It also included several of his siblings. They are known for their songs "Everyday People" and "Dance to the Music".

In 1993, the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.


Multivitamin

A multivitamin is any of a group of vitamins used often with minerals needed by the human body to function properly. Multivitamins are available as tablets, capsules, pastilles, powders, liquids, and injections. Multivitamins are recognized by the Codex Alimentarius Commission (the United Nations' authority on food standards) as a category of food.

Multivitamins are often provided with minerals. A multivitamin or mineral set is approved in the United States as an addition to a diet containing 3 or more vitamins and minerals that does not include herbs, hormones, or drugs. The terms multivitamin and multimineral are often used interchangeably. There is no scientific definition for either.


List of One Day International cricket matches played by Bangladesh and Sri Lanka

The cricket teams of Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have played against each other in ODIs since 1986. They have met on 30 occasions. Sri Lanka have been more successful with 27 victories, Bangladesh have won in 3 games.



Ken Loach

Ken Loach (born 1936) is a British movie director, producer and writer. He was born in Nuneaton, Warwickshire. He has made many movies about working class life. His films include "Cathy Come Home", "Poor Cow", "The Wind that Shakes the Barley", and "Kes". He was educated at St Peter's College, Oxford.

La Rioja

La Rioja is an autonomous community and a province in Spain. It is in the north of the Iberian Peninsula. The capital of La Rioja is Logroño. Other cities and towns in the province are Calahorra, Arnedo, Alfaro, Haro, Santo Domingo de la Calzada, and Nájera.

La Rioja is famous for its wines.

Dehgolan

Dehgolan (, ) is a city in Kurdistan province of Iran. They are followers of Islam. The population of Dehgolan is mainly Kurdish .

Divandarreh

Divandarreh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, there were 22,842 people, in 5,305 families.

Kamyaran

Kamyaran (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak in Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. There is also a Shia minority and a few Jewish families in Kamyaran.

At the 2006 census, there were 46,760 people, in 11,186 families.

Thomas Robinson, 1st Baronet Rokeby

Sir Thomas Robinson, 1st Baronet (1703–1777) was an English architect and collector.

Thomas left his brother William his title but not his estates. He left his brother Richard his books, including those on architecture and antiquities. On 2 March 1730, he became a Baronet of Rokeby. Rokeby is in the County of York.

Qorveh

Qorveh (, ) is a city in Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. Some people also speak Azerbaijani language. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, Qorveh had 65,842 people, in 16,309 families.


Ah Boys to Men

Ah Boys to Men is a 2012–2013 Singaporean comedy movie. It was released in two parts. It was directed by Jack Neo. Jack Neo also was one of the writers, along with Link Sng. It is the highest grossing Singaporean film of all time.

Sarvabad

Sarvabad (, ) is a city in Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speaks in Kurdi. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 46,760, in 11,186 families.

Side Effects

Side Effects is a 2013 American crime thriller movie. It stars Channing Tatum, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Jude Law. The movie is about a young woman under antidepressant drugs. The reviews for "Side Effects" were positive.

Hartola

Hartola is a municipality in Päijänne Tavastia, Finland. It is part of the historical area of Itä-Häme. As of 30 January 2014, over 3,100 people lived there. During summer, the number of people living there almost doubles. The nearest railway station is away. There are several lakes in Hartola, including Jääsjärvi and Rautavesi.

The closest town to Hartola is Heinola. Other nearby municipalities are Joutsa, Luhanka, Pertunmaa and Sysmä. The closes cities are Jyväskylä (about 100km) and Lahti (about 100km). The closest airport is in Jyväskylä.

On the first Saturday of September there is a country market held in Hartola. This makes lot of people come to Hartola. It was first held 1937.



Extremadura

Extremadura is an autonomous community of Spain. Its capital city is Mérida. The provinces Cáceres and Badajoz are a part of Extremadura. Extremadura is bordered by Portugal to the west. To the north, it borders Castile and León. To the south, it borders Andalusia. To the east, it borders Castile-La Mancha.

Marugame, Kagawa

The castle town grew up around Marugame Castle which was built in 1597.

The modern city was established in 1899.

Since 1947, the city has hosted to an annual road running competition: the Marugame Half Marathon.


Minobu, Yamanashi

The temple town grew up around Kuon-ji, which is one of the important sites of Nichiren Buddhism. Nichiren's grave is at Minobu.

The modern village was established in 1889l. It became a town in 1931.

The Fuji River ("Fujigawa") runs through the town.


Yonezawa, Yamagata

The castle town was held by the Uesugi clan starting in the Muromachi period.

The modern city was established in 1889.


Before and After

Before and After is a 1996 thriller drama based on a 1992 book of the same name. Meryl Streep plays Doctor Carolyn Ryan, Edward Furlong plays Jacob and Liam Neeson plays Ben Ryan. The subject of this thriller is murder, deception, coverup and betrayal. The release date was February 23, 1996.

Uozu, Toyama

Uozu developed as a castle town.

In 1582, the forces of Oda Nobunaga forced the Uesugi clan to give up control of Uozu Castle.
In 1918, riots started in Uozo because of increases in rice prices.

In 1956, a great fire ravished many buildings in Uozu.

Several rivers run through Uozu—the Fuse River, the Katakai River, the Kado River, and the Hayatsuki River.

Gold was discovered in the mountains of near Uozu.


According to Japanese census data,


Lake Mungo remains

The Lake Mungo remains are three sets of human fossils. They are Lake Mungo 1 ("LM1", or "Mungo Lady"), Lake Mungo 2 ("LM2"), and Lake Mungo 3 ("LM3", or "Mungo Man"). The sites are located neer Lake Mungo, in New South Wales, Australia, in the World Heritage-listed Willandra Lakes Region. Pieces of skeletons have been found in this region. These pieces have been attributed to over forty human skeletons. The Lake Mungo remains are the most significant of these.

LM1 are the fossilised, cremated remains of a young woman. They were found in 1969 by James Bowler with the University of Melbourne. Radiocarbon dating of pieces of bone from the burial put LM1 between 24,700 and 19,030 years old. Charcoal from a hearth 15 cm above the burial was dated at 26,250 years old (plus or minus 1,120 years). Reconstruction and study of the remains were mainly done by Alan Thorne at the Australian National University. The patterns of burn marks on the bones suggest that the body was first burned, then smashed, then burned a second time, before being buried.

Research published by Bowler in 2003 rejected previous estimates for all of remains at the site. Optical dating concluded that both LM1 and LM3 were buried around 40,000 years ago (plus or minus 2,000 years). This makes it the earliest evidence of human cremation that has been found. It suggests that ancient indigenous Australians in this region had their own complicated burial rituals.

The bones were returned in 1992 to the area's traditional owners: the Paakantji (Barkindji), the Mathi Mathi and the Ngiyampaa. LM1 is now in a locked vault at the Mungo National Park visitor centre.

LM3 was found by James Bowler on 26 February 1974, when shifting sand dunes exposed the remains. It is located 500 m east of the LM1 site. The body was covered with red ochre, in the earliest known example of such a complicated and artistic burial practice. Like the cremation of LM1, this indicates that certain cultural traditions have existed on the Australian continent for much longer than previously thought.

The skeleton was of a slender individual, quite different to the build of modern indigenous Australians. The skeleton was badly preserved: large pieces of the skull were missing, and most of the bones in the limbs were damaged. Usually, the gender of a skeleton is determined using the bones in the skull and the pelvis. The problem is that these bones are in a very bad state in LM3, or they are missing altogether; in other words, the "normal" method of gender determination cannot be used with LM3. Since LM3 was discovered, other features were studied; most of these studies agree that LM3 was probably a male.

LM3 was buried lying on his back, with his hands joined together covering the groin. Some of the bones show evidence of osteoarthritis and eburnation, and the teeth are well worn. Based on this, it is likely that LM3 was quite old (around 50 years old) when he died. New studies show that, using the length of his limb bones, it is possible to estimate LM3's height at 196 centimetres (77 inches or 6 ft 5 in), unusually tall for an Aboriginal.

The first estimate of LM3's age was made in 1976 by the team of scientists from the Australian National University (ANU) who excavated LM3. They estimated that LM3 was between 28,000 and 32,000 years old. They did not test LM3's remains directly; instead, they made their estimate through stratigraphic comparison with LM1. In 1987, an electron spin resonance test was done on pieces of bone from LM3's skeleton. This gave an estimate of his age at 31,000 years, plus or minus 7,000 years. In 1999, optical dating work was done on quartz from the LM3 burial site. The results indicated a burial older than 24,600 years (± 2,400) and younger than 43,300 years (± 3,800).

Later in the same year, research led by Alan Thorne gave a new estimate of 62,000 years old (plus or minus 6,000 years). This estimate was made by combining data from uranium-thorium dating, electron spin resonance dating and optically stimulated luminescence (OSL) dating of the remains and the soil in the grave. This estimate was very controversial, and some of the techniques used to get this estimate were criticised.

In 2003, several Australian groups came to an agreement that LM3 is about 40,000 years old. A team led by Bowler did 25 more OSL tests that suggested that LM3 can not be older than 50,000 years. This age roughly agrees with stratigraphic evidence using four different dating methods. The age of 40,000 years is now the most widely accepted age for the LM3. This makes it the second oldest human fossil east of India, and the oldest in Australia. In addition to this, the study published in 2003 found that LM1 and LM3 are similar in age, and that humans were present at Lake Mungo as early as 50,000 to 46,000 years ago.

In 1998, the remains of a child were discovered. These are believed to have roughly the same age as Mungo Man and Mungo Lady. In 2005, erosion exposed another adult skeleton. Because it was not protected, this skeleton was destroyed by wind and rain about a year later. 

The main idea is the Out of Africa hypothesis: It says that humans developed on the African continent, and spread from there. Another important site is called Kow Swamp, in the northern part of Victoria. It consists of about twenty skeletons, which are between 5,000 and 10,000 years old. The morphology of Mungo Man is noticeably different from these skeletons. For this reason, some researchers have said that Australia was probably settled twice. The settlers were probably descendants of Homo erectus and came from the Asian mainland. This theory is based on the analysis of mitochondrial DNA. If this is true, the two lines, that of Mungo Man and that of modern humans, separated a long time ago. This would also mean that Mitochondrial Eve of this line and that of modern humans would be older than mitochondrial Eve of all living humans.


Tosashimizu, Kōchi

The village of Nakanohama in what is now Tosashimizu was the birthplace of Nakahama Manjirō, who was the first known Japanese to live in the United States in the mid-19th century.

The modern city was established in 1954.



Civic Solidarity Party

The.Civic Solidarity Party () is a nationalist and conservative political party in Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1992. The party's leader is Sabir Rustamkhanli, who is actually a poet. The party's ideology is based on the "universal political values of freedom, equality and solidarity".

At the 2020 parliamentary elections, it won 3 out of 125 seats.


Knockwurst

Knockwurst is a type of sausage. In North America, "knockwurst" refers to a short, plump sausage that comes from the Holstein region in Germany. They contain ground veal, ground pork, and fresh garlic stuffed into hog casings. The sausages are aged for two to five days, then smoked over oak wood. Knackwurst is often prepared highly seasoned.

Sorority Row

Sorority Row is a 2009 American horror thriller movie. It is a remake of "The House on Sorority Row". It was released on September 11, 2009. Rumer Willis plays Ellie, and Audrina Patridge plays Megan. The movie is about a serial killer targeting a group of college students. "Sorority Row" was filmed in Pennsylvania. The reviews were negative for this movie.

Valencia (disambiguation)

Valencia is a city in Spain. Valencia might also mean:




Amour (movie)

Amour is an 2012 Academy Award-winning French movie. The director was Michael Haneke. It starred Jean-Louis Trintignant as Georges, Emmanuelle Riva as Anne, and Isabelle Huppert as their daughter.

The movie was about an elderly couple, Anne and Georges, who are retired music teachers who live alone together. Anne suffers a stroke which paralyses her on one side of her body. After weeks of attempted treatment at home, Georges grabs a pillow and suffocates Anne to death.

It received many positive reviews. Roger Ebert gave it four out of four stars. It won an Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for Best Foreign Film.

Ishigaki, Okinawa

Ishigaki was established in 1908 as Yaeyama Village. In 1914 it was renamed to Ishigaki Village. It grew to become a town in 1926 and a city in 1947. 

The Senkakus were included in the village of 1908, in the village of 1914, in the town in 1926, and in the city in 1947.

In 2013, the opened.

The city includes Ishigaki Island and the Senkaku Islands. 


Michael Haneke

Michael Haneke (born March 23, 1942) is a Austrian movie director, movie producer, and screenwriter. He is recently known for directing the Academy Award-winning foreign movie "Amour". He was nominated for Best Director and Best Screenwriter at the Golden Globe Awards and at the Academy Awards.

Haneke was born on March 23, 1942 in Munich, Germany. He was raised in Wiener Neustadt. He is remotely related to actor Christoph Waltz. He was raised in Wiener Neustadt. Haneke studied at the University of Vienna. He was married to Susanne Haneke since 1983.


Jean-Louis Trintignant

Jean-Louis Xavier Trintignant (11 December 1930 – 17 June 2022) was a French actor, racecar driver, producer and director. He won an César Award for Best Actor as Georges in the 2012 French movie "Amour".

In July 2018, he announced his retirement from cinema.

Trintignant was born on 11 December 1930 in Piolenc, Vaucluse, France. He was raised in Piolenc and in Paris. Trintignant was married to Stéphane Audran until they divorced. Then he was married to Nadine Marquand from 1960 until they divorced in 1976. He had three children; including Marie.

In November 2017, Trintignant announced that he was diagnosed with prostate cancer. He died on 17 June 2022 at his home in Uzès, France from problems caused by the disease, aged 91.


Emmanuelle Riva

Emmanuelle Riva (born Paulette Germaine Riva; 24 February 1927 – 27 January 2017) was a French actress, writer, photographer, and poet. She was known for her BAFTA Award-winning role as Anne in "Amour". She was nominated for an Academy Award and won an BAFTA Award for her role in "Amour".

Riva was born on 24 February 1927 in Cheniménil, France. Her grandfather was Italian. Riva was raised and studied acting in Paris.

Riva died from cancer on 27 January 2017 in Paris at the age of 89.


Carmen Montejo

Carmen Montejo (María Teresa Sánchez González; May 26, 1925 – February 25, 2013) was an Cuban-Mexican actress. She was known for her many television shows. She was one of the last surviving actresses of the Golden Age of Cinema of Mexico.

Montejo was born on May 26, 1925 in Pinar del Río, Cuba. She was married to Manuel González Ortega until his death. Montejo died on February 25, 2013 in Mexico City, Mexico from an illness, aged 87.


Isabelle Huppert

Isabelle Anne Madeleine Huppert (born March 16, 1953) is a French actress. She is known for her roles in "Violette Nozière", "La pianist", and in "Amour". 

Huppert was born on March 16, 1953 in Paris, France. She as raised in Ville-d'Avray. Huppert studied at National Conservatory of Dramatic Art of Paris. She was married to Ronald Chammah since 1982. They had three children.


Weight loss

Weight loss is when a person weighs less than before. A person can lose weight by running, swimming or doing any other activity. Also, a person might eat a different diet to lose weight. There are many diet and exercises programs available to lose weight. Many people lose weight when they eat less sugar and more vegetables, fruits and lean meat.

People who are obese may get medical treatment to lose weight. In Britain there are long waiting lists for weight loss surgery. Weight loss drugs were developed in to 2020s. Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly showed that their drugs were safe and effective. They did have side effects. Goldman Sachs said the weight-loss drugs market could grow from $6 billion to $100 billion by 2030.


In many countries weight loss is caused by sociological pressure mostly on women to have a slim body.

Unintentional weight loss is when a person loses weight without trying. It can be a symptom of some types of cancer. Stress can cause unintentional weight loss. Stress can come from divorce, changing jobs or over the loss of a loved one. Once the stress is removed and the person feels happier again, the weight may return to normal. Depression may also cause weight loss. Eating disorders such as anorexia or bulimia can cause significant weight loss. These disorders usually require the help of health care professionals.

Getting enough sleep helps to avoid gaining excess weight. Over time, getting more sleep can help a person to lose weight. The main reason is not getting enough sleep leaves a person tired during the day and prone to eating more food. Getting enough sleep helps in maintaining healthy eating habits.

Without going to the bathroom, a person naturally loses over while they sleep at night. One reason is humans breathe in oxygen but breathes out carbon dioxide. That is breathing in one molecule of Oxygen for every two molecules of carbon each time they breathe out. A molecule of carbon does not weigh much by itself, but given that with each breath twenty billion-trillion molecules are expelled, over a 7-8 hour period that adds up to over a pound of carbon. Normal perspiration occurs while sleeping but usually only causes a small amount of water weight loss. 

The body also burns calories during sleep.

Lean mass (muscle and bone) burn more energy than fat. Even at rest, a body with more muscle tissue will burn more calories.

Exercise alone can be effective in weight loss. Several studies found similar results. The comparison between dieting and exercising found both resulted in weight loss. The conclusion was that using both diet and exercise together was the most effective method of weight loss.

Shere Bangla National Stadium

Sher-e-Bangla Cricket Stadium or Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium (SBNS)' is a cricket stadium in Bangladesh. Some times it is called Mirpur Stadium. It is in Mirpur of Dhaka. It can hold 26.000 people at a time. It was built in 2006. It was named after Sher-e-Bangla A. K. Fazlul Huq "The tiger of Bangla".

The stadium has hosted Bangladesh's first class, test, ODI, twenty20 and women's cricket matches. It also hosted international matches like 2011 World Cup, Asia Cup etc.

The ground is a state of the art stadium. It is considered one of the best grounds in the subcontinent. Its most striking and interesting part is its modern drainage. The ground was originally built for football and athletics. For this reason it was built in rectangular shape. But when it was shifted for cricket it was fixed to oval for cricket. The ground was fitted with floodlights on 2009. it is able to host Day/night cricket matches.

he ground hosted its first Test match on 25 May 2007. It was a test match between Bangladesh and India. It hosted it's first ODI on December 8, 2006. The match was played by Bangladesh and Zimbabwe. 
The stadium hosted 4 group matches and 2 quarter finals during the 2011 Cricket World Cup.

Bangladesh hosted the 12th edition of the Asia Cup. Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium hosted those matches.


Sportsbook

In the United States of America a sportsbook is a place where a player can bet money on many different sports, for example basketball, golf, football, hockey, baseball, soccer, horse racing, boxing and many more.
A bet is when a person thinks that a particular team/contestant will win a competition and gives some money. If he wins the bet - he will receive his money back with some monetary prize. If his team/contestant loses, he will not get his money back.

The Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act of 1992 allows only Nevada, Oregon, Montana, and Delaware to legally bet on sports.
There are more Sportbooks that allow betting online or through mobile. With better availability and lower minimum bets, the whole industry is rapidly growing.

Before placing a bet a person should read the terms and conditions of the sportsbook to avoid any problems.

Paid survey

A paid or incentivized survey is a type of survey where person for filling out the details will get some reward.
Usual prizes will be small amount of money, simple reward like pen or cup, or entry in to competition to win something.

Web-based survey have come a long way, from 1980s where first email surveys were conducted to 1990s when initial web-based surveys were introduced. There were almost $500 million spent on web-based surveys in 2002, and According to Inside Research this number climbed up to about $960 million in 2004.

But despite the advances in survey research, there are still many short comings and problems, such as declining response rates, limited online data bases, mistrust about survey uses (true research versus selling), survey length, issues concerning privacy and security, internet surveys being looked at as spam by some etc.

Most of Online Surveys that are real will not pay cash, but instead give vouchers or prizes.
Online or Internet surveys are very useful for many companies. People get rewarded for answering questions about a product, a company or any questions that will help the company to work better.

Many companies pay people to take a survey, but some are for free.

In era of digital surveys there is many fraud cases where user will be not paid after completing one. Some ways of avoiding fraud sites is to check them on MyWot, review sites or by simply checking their reviews on forums.

It is getting more popular to fill surveys to get access to website or valuable content.

Another popular form of surveys that has recently emerged are daily surveys. Daily survey panels allow their members to participate in surveys everyday. The user is taken through a router where they can keep trying to qualify until a survey is found that matches their demographics. Daily surveys pay less than most paid surveys, but the opportunity to qualify is much greater and payouts are usually cash instead of prizes.

Businesses spend $18.7 billion worldwide on market research, as reported by CASRO.

Mirpur Thana

Mirpur () is a place, a "thana" of Dhaka city, Bangladesh.

Mirpur has a total area of . It is north-east of Dhaka city.

Lifeline (crisis support service)

Lifeline is a non-profit organisation that provides free, 24-hour telephone support to people in need. Lifeline Assistance do not make any profit.

A Lifeline Assistance called Volunteer Crisis Supporters provides suicide prevention services (trying to persuade people not to kill themselves) and mental health support (helping with depression and other issues). They help people not only by telephone but face-to-face too and online.

Most people that work at the Telephone Lifeline work for free. They are called volunteers. They are very well trained to help people with any problems. More than 400,000 calls are served by the Lifeline Assistance every year.Some Lifeline Centres also provide other support services that may have group support, assistance with food & bills and support for the old people.

Lifeline has more than 260 retail outlets around Australia that sell clothes and furniture to make enough money to pay for training and office space they use. Some Lifeline Centres have few stores which helps them with day-to-day spending. Some lifelines can provide people in need with free mobile phones thanks to government grants.

The 2010 report recorded 2,361 deaths by suicide in Australia, 480 more deaths than in 2007.

List of Bangladesh Test cricketers

This is a list of Bangladeshi Test cricketers. This list is arranged to show the test cricketers of Bangladesh. If more than one player won his first Test cap in the same Test match, then those players are listed alphabetically by surname.
Statistics are correct as of 11 July 2021.



List of Bangladesh ODI cricketers

This is a list of One Day International cricketers for Bangladesh. The list is arranged in an order, in which each player won his first ODI cap. If more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, then those players are listed alphabetically by first name.

Statistics are correct as at 31 July 2008.

Notes:


Mobile advertising

Mobile advertising is very similar to online or internet advertising. Mobile advertising is method of advertising via mobile phones or other mobile devices like tablets.

More and more people worldwide have mobile phones and spend on them a lot of time so mobile advertising is very successful these days and the whole market is growing fast.
Today there are more mobile phones than TVs and computers in the world.

In Spain 75% of mobile phone owners receive mobile advertising. In France 62% and in Japan 54% mobile phone owners receive mobile advertising. In Japan today, 44% of mobile phone owners click on ads they get on their phones. Mobile advertising was worth 900 million dollars only in Japan.

There are people and organizations that want to create guidelines for Mobile Advertising (set of rules to follow).

List of Australia Test cricketers

This article lists Australian Test cricketers as of 14 February 2013.


List of England Test cricketers

This is a list of cricketers that play Test cricket for England.

A number of cricketers have played Test match cricket for England and another Test match team.

List of India Test cricketers

This is a list of Test cricketers who have played for India. A Test match is an international cricket match between two of the leading cricketing nations. The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his Test cap. Where more than one player won his first Test cap in the same Test match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 25 February 2021.

Statistics are correct as of 17 January 2022.


List of New Zealand Test cricketers

This is a list of cricketers who play Test cricket for New Zealand.

Statistics are correct as of New Zealand v England, 3rd Test, 2007-08 (26 March, 2008) 

Note: 
New Zealand is shown above.



List of Pakistan Test cricketers

This is a list of cricketers who play Test cricket for Pakistan.

Statistics are correct as of 24 August 2008.

Notes:


Lion Airlines

PT Lion Mentari Airlines, known as Lion Air or Lion Airlines is the largest private airline in Indonesia. Lion Air have their headquarter office in Jakarta, Indonesia. Lion Air goes to places like Singapore, Vietnam, Malaysia and Saudi Arabia. The airplanes go to 56 different places in Indonesia and world with a fleet of 89 airplanes.

Lion Airlines cannot fly in European Union because they did not passed safety laws set by officials.
On 18 November 2011, the airline informed about order of Boeing planes setting the record for the world's bigge
st single order of 230 planes for a commercial airline worth $21.7 billion.

Nasir Hossain (Bangladeshi cricketer)

Nasir Hossain (born 30 November 1991) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He is an all-rounder. He made his One Day International (ODI) debut in August 2011 against Zimbabwe. He also made his Test debut in 2011. The opposition team was West Indies.

Aryabhata (satellite)

Aryabhata was India's first satellite. It got its name from the Indian astronomer of the same name.

Jacquard loom

The Jacquard loom is a mechanical loom. It is used to make patterns in clothing material. It was invented by Joseph Marie Jacquard, and first used in 1801. It simplified the process of making textiles with complex patterns.

Okinawa (city)

In 1908, Okinawa Prefecture established the villages of Goeku and Misato. During the occupation of Japan, the U.S. military government established the city of in Goeku.

In 1974, the city of Okinawa was created by the merger of Misato and Koza.

the city of Okinawa is located in the central part of the island of Okinawa. It is about 20 km north of Naha.

In the prefecture, it is the second-largest city after Naha.

There is a United States military base which is partly in the city. It is Kadena Air Base.


Rude Awakening

Rude Awakening is a comedy movie released in August 1989. It stars Cindy Williams as June and Andrea Martin as April. The movie is set in the late 1960s in New York City. The movie received negative reviews by critics while in theaters.


Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio

Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (November 17 1958) is an American actress. She first became well-known after playing Gina Montana in the 1983 movie "Scarface". She also played Carmen in the 1986 movie "The Color of Money". Her other movies include "" (1991) and "The Abyss" (1989). Mastrantonio was born in Illinois.

Armardeh

Armardeh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,062, in 427 families.

Buin-e Sofla

Buin-e Sofla (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,524, in 977 families.

Kani Sur

Kani Sur (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,131, in 239 families

Yasukand

Yasukand (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province in Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,268, in 917 families.

Bolbanabad

Bolbanabad (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2016 census, its population was 3,207, in 943 families.

Zarrineh

Zarrineh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,272, in 266 families.

Babarashani

Babarashani (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. At the 2006 census, its population was 481, in 128 families.

Muchesh

Muchesh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,950, in 769 families.

Chenareh

Chenareh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 433, in 101 families.

Kani Dinar

Kani Dinar (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,127, in 1,232 families.

Delbaran

Delbaran (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,104, in 1,395 families.

Dezej

Dezej (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,292, in 559 families.

Serishabad

Serishabad (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,563, in 1,742 families.

Shuyesheh

Shuyesheh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,136, in 280 families.

Saheb, Iran

Saheb (, ) is a city in the west side of Iran. They are followers of Islam. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,489, in 344 families.

Irtysh River

The Irtysh River (; ; / ; , ""Twirl""; ) is a river in Siberia and Kazakhstan. It is the main tributary of the Ob River. The main tributary of the Irtysh is the Tobol River. The Ob-Irtysh forms a major drainage basin in Asia, and covers most of Western Siberia and the Altay Mountains.

From its origins as the "Kara-Irtysh" (Vast Irtysh, kara means Vast in Turkic languages but also black. But in the context and geographic terms usually refers vast) in the Mongolian Altay mountains in Xinjiang, China, the Irtysh flows northwest through Lake Zaysan in Kazakhstan, meeting the Ishim and Tobol rivers before merging with the Ob near Khanty-Mansiysk in western Siberia, Russia after 4,248 kilometres (2,640 mi).

The name Black Irtysh ("Kara-Irtysh" in Kazakh, or "Cherny Irtysh" in Russian) is applied by some authors, especially in Russia and Kazakhstan, to the upper course of the river, from its source entering Lake Zaysan. The term White Irtysh, in opposition to the Black Irtysh, was occasionally used in the past to refer to the Irtysh below lake Zaysan; now this usage is largely obsolete.

The largest tributaries of the Irtysh are, from source to mouth:


Interpretations of quantum mechanics

In quantum mechanics, it's very hard to understand what the math actually means in real life. However, there are many ideas about how to understand quantum mechanics. There are no facts to prove any interpretation over the others, but there are some that are more accepted than others.

The main ideas of quantum mechanics are the assumptions of Schrödinger and Heisenberg. The Schrödinger equation is a partial differential equation that describes the wavefunction of an object. The equation is given by

formula_1

This equation means that a particle, such as an electron, is not "just" a point-like particle, but also a type of wave. Another fundamental of quantum mechanics is the Heisenberg uncertainty principle. This theory is the idea that it's impossible to know both where something is and its momentum at the same time. The mathematical formulation of this is given by

formula_2

This can further be generalized by stating that

formula_3

Where formula_4 is the operator of formula_5 and formula_6. This law also gives rise to an uncertainty between energy and time, which can be expressed in the same way as the relation between momentum and position.

Another important fact of quantum mechanics is that the electron behaves in a very unusual way. At first, no one really knew what the wave function meant physically. Max Born, a theoretical physicist, explained that the wave function is a "probability wave". In other words, wherever the wave is denser, that is where the particle is most likely found, but it won't necessarily be found there. The way to find the probability 
(formula_7) of the position of the particle in the region formula_8

For example, if formula_7 is equal to 0.5, then there is a 50% chance of finding the particle within that region. This means that the location of a particle is probabilistic; one can never say that the particle will "definitely" be found at a certain point in space, but rather, one can only give the probability of finding the particle within that region. 

The most well-accepted interpretation of quantum mechanics is the idea called Copenhagen interpretation. This interpretation builds upon the probability-wave notion, but brings in a radical new idea called the superposition principle. The best way to explain this principle is by showing it mathematically. If the functions formula_10 are solutions of the Schrödinger equation, then the superposition of those wave functions is also a solution, i.e.

formula_11 

Where formula_12 is the superposition of the various wave functions. This idea implies that a particle occupies every possible wave function it can. This implies that a particle occupies more than one position "at the same time". When an observer comes and actually measures the position of the particle, something called the wave function collapse occurs. So when someone observes the particle, the following happens:

formula_13→formula_14

This means that when there is no observation or observer, then a particle occupies many positions at the same time; when an observation takes place, the wave function collapses and the particle exists only in one position.

The many-worlds interpretation says that rather than the wave function collapsing, each possibility actually happens, but in different universes. This means that the universes branch off for each possibility. Also it says that you can live forever according to quantum suicide.

The interpretation, presented by Albert Einstein, states that the outcome of some random event is predetermined. So, rather than a particle existing as a probability wave, this interpretation says that the particle exists only in one position, but we just perceive it to be a probability. This idea is much less popular. 

So, of the three main interpretations of quantum mechanics, which one is correct? Physicists seem to think that the Copenhagen interpretation is the most likely, but no one is for sure.

Planck's law

Planck's law describes the spectral density of electromagnetic radiation emitted by a black body in thermal equilibrium at a given temperature "T". The law is named after Max Planck, who proposed it in 1900. It is a pioneering result of modern physics and quantum theory.


Kure, Hiroshima

In 1894, Prime Minister Itō Hirobumi transfered the Imperial Headquarters ("Daihon'ei") to Kure.

The modern city of Kure was founded in 1902.

The natural harbor was a naval base until the end of the Second World War. The Japanese battleship Yamato was built at Kure.




Etajima, Hiroshima

Etajima was the site of the from 1888 to 1945.

The present city was created in 2004. It was created by uniting 4 towns: Etajima, Nōmi, Ōgaki, and Okimi.


Hioki, Kagoshima

The city was created in 2005 from the merger of the towns of Fukiage, Higashiichiki, Hiyoshi and Ijūin.



Bagh, Azad Kashmir

Bagh () is a sub-district of Bagh District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.

Jason Spezza

Jason Rocco Anthony Spezza (born June 13, 1983 in Mississauga, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre. He played a total of 19 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Ottawa Senators, Dallas Stars and Toronto Maple Leafs.

He began his hockey career with the Brampton Battalion of the Ontario Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Mississauga Ice Dogs for 2 seasons, the Windsor Spitfires for 2 seasons and the Belleville Bulls for 1 season. He entered the draft in 2001 and he was drafted with the 2nd overall by the Ottawa Senators in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.

He was assigned to the Grand Rapids Griffins, the farm team of the Senators. He was called up to the Senators and made his NHL debut in the 2002-03 NHL season. He played 33 games with the Senators and played most of the season with Ottawa's new affiliate, Binghamton Senators. He was called up and played two seasons with the Senators and was sent down to the Binghamton Senators to play a season. After that he joined the Ottawa's main roster full-time.

Spezza was on the cover of 2007 video game, NHL 2K8. He married his girlfriend Jennifer on July 25, 2009. They have two daughters Sophia Donna Spezza (born June 8, 2010) and Nicola Patricia Spezza (born April 1, 2012).

On July 1, 2014, after Spezza had requested a trade, the Senators traded him along with Ludwig Karlsson to the Dallas Stars in exchange for Alex Chiasson, Alex Guptill, Nicolas Paul and a 2015 second-round pick to Ottawa.

On May 29, 2022, Spezza announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey. After he retired, he became an assistant to Leafs general manager Kyle Dubas. On May 19, 2023, Spezza stepped down when Dubas was fired.

Cave Johnson

Cave Johnson (January 11, 1793 – November 23, 1866) was a United States Congressman from Tennessee. He was from the Democratic Party.

Michelle Monaghan

Michelle Monaghan (born March 23, 1976) is an American movie and television program actress. She was in the movies "Eagle Eye", "Made of Honor" and "Mission: Impossible III". She also acted in the television program "Boston Public". Before acting, she appeared on the covers of several magazines. Monaghan was born in Winthrop, Iowa.

Hyūga, Miyazaki

The preservation district has a 19th century character.

The modern city was established in 1951.


Qinghai

Qinghai Province is a large province in north-west China on the Tibetan Plateau. 



Nichinan, Miyazaki

Nichinan grew up around Obi Castle.

The modern city was established in 1950.


Julia Child

Julia Carolyn Child (born Julia Carolyn McWilliams; August 15, 1912 – August 13, 2004) was an American television personality, writer, and chef. She was known for having her own cooking show "The French Chef". She won a Peabody Award and an Emmy Award. 

Child was born on August 15, 1912 in Pasadena, California. She studied at Smith College and at Le Cordon Bleu. Child was married to Paul Cushing Child from 1946 until his death in 1994, but they didn't have children. Child died on August 13, 2004 in Montecito, California from kidney failure, two days before her 92nd birthday. 


Roy W. Hill

Roy William Hill (December 1, 1899 – February 14, 1986) was an American automobile dealer, philanthropist, and businessman. He helped start the Eisenhower Medical Center.

Hill was born on December 1, 1899 in Los Angeles, California. He was married to Madeleine M. Hill from 1924 until they divorced during the 1930s. Then he was married to Faye D Maxwell from 1942 until they divorced in 1969. Then he was married to Anne T. Hill from 1971 until his death in 1986. Hill died on February 14, 1986 from heart failure in his Rancho Mirage, California, aged 86.

Meg Hillier

Meg Hillier (born 1969, Hampstead) is the Labour MP for Hackney South and Shoreditch. She was also the Mayor of Islington, where she lives. She read Philosophy, Politics and Economics at St Hilda's College, Oxford. She is currently Chair of the Public Accounts Committee in Parliament after taking over from Margaret Hodge.

St Hilda's College, Oxford

St. Hilda's College, Oxford is part of the University of Oxford. It was founded as a women's college in 1893 and remained single sex until 2008.


St. Hilda

Saint Hilda (614-690) of Whitby, Yorkshire was an abbess. Bede writes about her in his history of the church.


Whitby

Whitby is a fishing port near Scarborough, North Yorkshire, in northeast England. 13,213 people live there. Its name comes from the Old Norse Witebi, which means the "white settlement".

Whitby is on the edge of the North Yorkshire Moors. 

Its heritage coast is around 35 miles (56 km) long, stretching from Staithes to Flamborough. At Whitby, dinosaur footprints are visible on the beach. The black mineral jet is found in the cliffs and on the moors and has been used since the Bronze Age to make beads. In Victorian times jet was brought to Whitby by pack pony to be made into decorative items. It was most popular in the mid-19th century when it was chosen for mourning jewellery by Queen Victoria after the death of Prince Albert.

In the Middle Ages, Whitby was home to whaling and herring fishing fleets. Now, lobsters, brown and velvet crabs are important to the local fishery. Tourists first began to visit Whitby in the 1800s. Tourism is now the main source of income for Whitby.

Whitby's East cliff is the home of Whitby Abbey. On the West Cliff, a whalebone arch commemorates Whitby's fishing heritage.

Captain James Cook, a British explorer who mapped New Zealand, Hawaii and Newfoundland, learnt to sail in Whitby. 

Part of Bram Stoker's story of Dracula is set in Whitby.


Extremely Loud &amp; Incredibly Close (movie)

Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close is an American drama movie released at Christmas 2011. It is based on the novel of the same name. It stars Tom Hanks, Sandra Bullock, Viola Davis, John Goodman, Jeffrey Wright and Max von Sydow with Zoe Caldwell. It is an autistic child whose father is killed in the September 11 attacks. The movie's reviews were negative. It was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Picture and Best Supporting Actor for von Sydow.

Eye colour

Eye color is a visible character caused by two factors: the pigmentation of the eye's iris, and way light is scattered as it hits the top layer of the iris.

The human eye is different from its nearest relative, the chimpanzee eye. The eyes of chimps and also gorillas are entirely brown. Humans have the white to their eyes. This difference is thought to be significant. In the apes, individuals do not usually look directly at other members of the family, but all the same they keep a close watch on what is going on with the family group. They tend to look out of the corners of their eyes, as if to keep the glance secret. Perhaps to them a direct look is aggressive. Jane Goodall used to be careful and avoid looking directly at the gorilla families in the bush. She would sit at a distance, appearing to nibble at grass and leaves, while making occasional glances at the gorilla family.

In humans, the pigment of the iris varies from light brown to black. This depends on the amount of melanin in the iris. The appearance of blue, green and hazel eyes result from the Rayleigh scattering of light in the iris. A similar process accounts for the blueness of the sky. Neither blue nor green pigments are ever present in the human iris or fluid. Eye color is an example of structural color which varies according to the lighting conditions, especially for lighter-colored eyes.

The brightly colored eyes of many birds, reptiles and insects is caused by other pigments, such as pteridines, purines, and carotenoids.

The view that blue eye color is a simple recessive trait is incorrect. Two main gene loci code for the eye pigment: "OCA2" and "HERC2". They sit next to each other on chromosome 15. Mutations (SNPs) to these genes account for much of the variation seen in eye color. "OCA2" mutations close to the 5′ regulatory region explain most human eye-color variation. An intron in "HERC2" contains the promoter region for "OCA2", affecting its expression. 

There are about 15 other genes which have some effect on eye color inheritance. This is an effect called epistasis, and is not unusual.

Iris (eye)

The iris (plural: irides or irises) is a thin, circular structure in the eye. It controls the diameter and size of the pupils.

Eye color is the color of the iris. In humans, the iris may look green, blue, brown, hazel (a combination of light brown, green and gold), grey, violet, or even pink. In response to the amount of light exiting the eye, muscles attached to the iris expand or contract the pupil. The larger the pupil, the more light can enter the eye and reach the retina.

Iris

Iris may refer to:


Fleet Street

Fleet Street is a road in central London. It used to be where newspapers were made, before they moved east to Wapping.

The street existed in the 14th century. It connected the City of London to Westminster. It takes its name from the River Fleet.

Lisa Blount

Lisa Blount (July 1, 1957 – October 27, 2010) was an American television series and movie actress and producer who was in notable movies. She starred "An Officer and a Gentleman" (1982) and in the 2005 movie "Chrystal". Blount was born in Fayetteville, Arkansas. She died in Little Rock, Arkansas.

Aérospatiale SA-330 Puma

The Aérospatiale SA-330 Puma is a transport helicopter designed and built in France. The design was first built by Sud Aviation, and later by Aérospatiale. It was also built by Westland Helicopter in the United Kingdom after an agreement between the two countries It first flew in April 1965. It is mainly used by Armée de l'Air, Royal Air Force, and some other air forces. It is also used by civilians.

The Aérospatiale SA-330 Puma is 59.6½ feet (18.15 meters) long, 49.2½ feet (15.00 meters) diameter, and 16.10½ feet (5.14 meters) tall. A minimum mass that weighs 7,795 pounds (3,536 kg) and at the maximum mass that weighs 15,532 pounds (7,000 kg). It is powered by two Turbomeca Turmo engines driving a helicopter rotor with four blades.

The passenger cabin allows the reception of sixteen to twenty armed soldiers in military version, and fourteen to sixteen passengers in civil version. The two-seater cockpit of the helicopter is type side by side. A mechanic, also serving the mechanical winch, takes place at the rear. He can used the removable machine gun.

At the beginning of 2013, these countries were still using or had used the military Puma:

If the majority of Puma was built by Aérospatiale in France and the UK by Westland but. A few others were produced under license in Indonesia, Romania, and South Africa.

"SA-330A", "SA-330B", "SA-330Ba", "SA-330C", "SA-330E", "SA-330F", "SA-330G", "SA-330H", "SA-330J", "SA-330L", "SA-330S", "SA-330Z".
SA-330A is the prototype and SA-330Z is an experimental version.

"Puma HC Mk-1", "Puma HC Mk-2".
British production is only for the military version.

"NAS-330J". Indonesian Puma are built by IPTN, indigenous aeronautical industry, for civilian and military.

"IAR-330", "IAR-330 SOCAT". Romanian Puma are built by IAR, indigenous aeronautical industriy, for civilian and military. IAR-330 SOCAT is an attack and transport helicopter, like soviet helicopter Mi-24 Hind.

"Oryx". South African Puma are built by Atlas Aircraft Corporation, indigenous aeronautical industriy, for civilian and military.

The SA-330 Puma gave birth to a derivative extensively modified, designated AS-332 Super Puma.

Ogasawara, Tokyo

In 1940, municipalities were created for groups and single isolated islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Tokyo Metropolitan Government was made responsible for local government on the islands, including


The local government structure of the post-war occupation of these islands is still used today.

The islands of the village include:

The Japanese government identifies Okinotori as Japan's southernmost island. It is 1,700 kilometers south of central Tokyo.


Pope Soter

Pope Soter (; d. 174) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church who became the 12th Pope, the official title is the Bishop of Rome, from 166 until his death in 174.

Records from that time mention his letters. One such letter is an admonishment of the moral laxity in the Church at Corinth. Another is regarding who can touch the sacred cloths used in the Mass.

The issue of when to celebrate Easter was discussed again and Catholics were instructed to celebrate the day on a Sunday rather than on Passover which some Churches, particularly in Asia Minor, were doing. He is considered a Saint of the Catholic Church and his feast day is celebrated on April 22.



Kristen Johnston

Kristen Angela Johnston (born September 20, 1967) is an American movie, stage and television program actress who won two Emmy Awards for acting. She acted as Sally Solomon in the sitcom "3rd Rock from the Sun" and has been in several movies. She was born in Washington, D.C., though was raised close to Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Ilford

Ilford is a large town in Greater London, the headquarters of the London Borough of Redbridge. It is also identified as a major area in the London Plan, being located about 9.1 miles east of Charing Cross. 

Ilford was once a small settlement in Essex. It started to develop because of its strategic position near the River Roding and the road from London to Colchester. The arrival of the railway in 1839 also boosted this growth, causing trade and development to foster in the area. Ilford became a municipal borough in 1926 as well as expanding and increasing in population. In 1965, however, the municipal boroughs were scrapped and the area was removed from Essex and dissolved into Greater London. Many people still refer to Ilford and other East London areas as being part of Essex. 

Ilford is part of the IG postcode area although some parts are in the E postcode area instead.

Ricky Tomlinson

Ricky Tomlinson (born 26 September 1939) is a British actor and political activist. He was born Eric Tomlinson in Bispham, Blackpool, Lancashire. He is best known for his roles as Bobby Grant in "Brookside", DCI Charlie Wise in "Cracker" and Jim Royle in "The Royle Family". 

Tomlinson is a close friend of Arthur Scargill and often appears on party political broadcasts for Scargill's Socialist Labour Party, most recently for the 2009 European Parliament elections. He is a long-time member of the Socialist Labour Party, 

Atanasoff–Berry Computer

The Atanasoff-Berry Computer was one of the first computers. It was designed in 1937. It was not able to be programmed, and it was designed only to solve groups of linear equations. It was successfully tested in 1942. It was very amazing technology for the time. It was the first machine to use many important things used in modern computing.

Ann Sothern

Ann Sothern (January 22, 1909 - March 15, 2001) was an American movie, stage and television series actress. She starred in a lot of radio and television shows. She began her career in the late 1920s, and it lasted less than sixty years. She acted in the sitcoms "Private Secretary" (1953-58) and "The Ann Sothern Show" (1958-61). Sothern was born in North Dakota. She moved to Idaho after she retired from acting. She died in Idaho from heart failure.

Gustavo Santaolalla

Gustavo Alfredo Santaolalla (born 19 August 1951) is an Argentine musician, composer, and record producer. He is known for composing music for movies with Alejandro González Iñárritu. He composed the music for the first four psychological drama movies Iñárritu directed. He also wrote the music for the video games "The Last of Us" (2013) and "The Last of Us Part II" (2020) and the themes for television series such as "Jane the Virgin" (2014–2019), MBC4 satricial romantic dramedy series Miss Farah (2019-2022), Arabic adaptation of The CW American satirical romantic dramedy series "Jane the Virgin" (2014–2019). and "Making a Murderer" (2015–present)). He won Academy Awards for Best Original Score in two consecutive years. He won for "Brokeback Mountain" in 2005 and "Babel" in 2006. He has also won the BAFTA Award for "Babel" and "The Motorcycle Diaries".

Santaolalla stated composers like Thelonious Monk, Peter Bernstein, Dizzy Gillespie, Olivier Messiaen, Bernard Herrmann, Alec Wilder, Andrés Segovia, Ástor Piazzolla, Billy May, Bix Beiderbecke, Count Basie, Mercer Ellington, Gil Evans, Joel Goldsmith, Jean-Michel Jarre, Chris Mancini, Miles Davis and Xavier Cugat.

Coti

Roberto Fidel Ernesto Sorokin, known by his stage name Coti, is an Argentine musician. He is best known for his work with other Spanish-language artists like Andrés Calamaro, Julieta Venegas, Paulina Rubio and Luis Miguel. His 2005 release, "Esta Mañana y Otros Cuentos" went gold in both Argentina and Mexico. It went double platinum in Spain.



Bernardo O'Higgins

Bernardo O'Higgins Riquelme (1778–1842) was a Chilean independence leader. Along with José de San Martín, he is credited with liberating Chile from Spanish rule. Although he was the second (1817–1823), he is considered one of Chile's founding fathers. He was also the first leader of a fully independent Chilean state.

Scott Mills

Scott Mills (born 28 March 1974) is a British radio DJ. He has his own daily show on BBC Radio 1. He is also a television presenter and an actor. He was born in Southampton.

Scott Mills began working at 16 in a local radio in Hampshire. He joined BBC Radio 1 in 1998. In May 2004 was given a slot on weekday early-evenings to cover for Sara Cox who was about to have a baby. He now has a slot everyday in the afternoon.

Mills is openly gay.

Mitochondrial Eve

Mitochondrial Eve is a term from genetics and human evolution. It refers to a woman, whose mitochondrial DNA is a parent of all living humans. To put this more exactly, she is the female most recent common ancestor of all humans alive at present. 

Rather than use full DNA comparisons, two simpler methods are used:
This gives haplogroups (a haplogroup is a combination of genes on different chromosomal regions that are closely linked and tend to be inherited together).

According to current research, Mitochondrial Eve lived about 200.000 years ago. Most likely she lived in East Africa, when "Homo sapiens sapiens" (anatomically modern humans) were developing as a population distinct from other human sub-species.

Mitochondrial Eve lived later than "Homo heidelbergensis" and the emergence of "Homo neanderthalensis", but earlier than the out of Africa migration.
The dating for 'Eve' was a blow to the multiregional hypothesis, and a boost to the hypothesis that modern humans originated relatively recently in Africa and spread from there, replacing more "archaic" human populations such as Neanderthals. As a result, the latter hypothesis became dominant.

King Ghidorah

King Ghidorah is a fictional monster who appears in movies from Japan. He first appeared in "Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster". Since then, he has appeared in several "Godzilla" movies. He is a golden three-headed dragon with no arms, large wings, and two tails. He is the strongest monster in the "Godzilla" movies.



Piano Sonata No. 11 (Mozart)

The Piano Sonata No. 11 in A major, K. 331 is a piece of music for the piano. It was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. It was published in Vienna, Austria by Artaria in 1784. It is the second of a group of three piano sonatas. Mozart probably wrote the group in Salzburg in the summer of 1783. It was then that he brought his wife Constance (Weber) to his hometown to introduce her to his father Leopold. The first sonata in the group is No. 10 in C major, K. 330. The third is No. 12 in F major, K. 332. Mozart numbered this group of sonatas 1 through 3. He spent much time teaching during his early years in Vienna. It is likely that these sonatas were written for his pupils.

The A major sonata is unique among Mozart's piano sonatas. It does not include a movement in sonata form. The first movement is a lilting theme in 6/8 followed by six variations in A major and A minor. The last variation is in 4/4 time. The second movement is a Menuetto in A major with a contrasting section (called a Trio) in D major. It is written in 3/4 time. The third and final movement is the famous "Alla Turca" (Turkish March or Turkish Rondo) in 2/4 time. It is considered one of the finest examples of Viennese Turkish music that was produced in the late 18th century. The rondo's rolled block bass chords suggest the drum rolls of a Turkish Janissary band. In true classical style, the rondo alternates between major and minor keys, and loud and soft dynamics. The piece is a favorite for amateur recitals.

Sandy Dennis

Sandra Dale "Sandy" Dennis (April 27, 1937-March 2, 1992) was an American actress. She received two Tony Awards for acting. She performed mostly in theater and movies. Her most notable movies included "Sweet November" (1968), "The Out-of-Towners" (1970) and "The Indian Runner". Dennis was born in Nebraska. She died of ovarian cancer in Westport, Connecticut.

Sakai, Osaka

And the largest kofun, "Daisen-kofun", the imperial tomb of Emperor Nintoku is located.

Nebraska City

Nebraska City is a city in eastern Nebraska. It is southeast of Omaha. The city is near the border of southwestern Iowa and northwestern Missouri. It was incorporated in late 1855.

Necropolis

A necropolis (meaning “city of the dead”) is a large cemetery complex. One of the most famous necropolises is Giza Necropolis and that in Thebes, Egypt. Ancient Egypt is noted for multiple necropolises.

Necropolises are still there today. The Giza pyramid complex is still in this world. You can go to this necropolis by flying from any country via an airplane. It is located in the desert, which is a barren area of land where little precipitation occurs. This complex is one of the wonders of the ancient world.

Air (visual novel)

Air is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Key released on September 8, 2000 playable on Windows PCs. Key later released versions of "Air" without the erotic content, and the game was ported to the Dreamcast, PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable. Comic anthologies and art books were also published, as were audio dramas and several albums of music. Kyoto Animation produced a 13-episode anime television series and a two-episode anime mini-series in 2005, and Toei Animation produced an anime film in 2005.

The story follows the life of Yukito Kunisaki, a traveling showman searching for the "girl in the sky". He arrives in a quiet, seaside town where he meets three girls, one of whom is the key to the end of his journey.

Hebrew name

Hebrew names are names that have come from the Hebrew language. Traditionally they come from the Hebrew Bible.

They are mostly used by people living in Jewish or Christian parts of the world, but some are also adapted to the Islamic world, particularly if a Hebrew name is mentioned in the Qur'an.

When Hebrew-speaking Muslims give names, they do not necessarily use Jewish or Christian names. A typical Hebrew name can have many different forms – an important principle of the Jewish religion worldwide is to give a Hebrew name to a child that is used throughout his or her lifetime.

Not all Hebrew names are strictly Hebrew in origin: some may have been "taken" from other languages since ancient times. These include Egyptian, Aramaic, Phoenician, Greek, Latin, Arabic, Spanish, German, and English.



John Gavin

John Gavin (Juan Vincent Apablasa; April 8, 1931 – February 9, 2018) was an American actor. He was the Ambassador to Mexico from 1981 through 1986 under President Ronald Reagan. Gavin was in many movies. He was president of the Screen Actors Guild from 1971 through 1973. He was originally to play James Bond in two movies, but was rejected because he was not British.

Gavin was born on April 8, 1931 in Los Angeles, California to an Irish and Mexican family. He studied at St. John's Military Academy and at Stanford University. Gavin was married to Cecily Evans from 1957 until they divorced in the same year. They had seven children together. He married Constance Towers in 1974. He had two step-children.

Gavin died of pneumonia at his home in Los Angeles on February 9, 2018 at the age of 86.


Dale Robertson

Dayle Lymoine "Dale" Robertson (July 14, 1923 – February 27, 2013) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Jim Hardie in "Tales of Wells Fargo". He won the Golden Boot Award in 1985.

Robertson was born on July 24, 1923 in Hurrah, Oklahoma. He was raised in Claremore, Oklahoma. Robertson studied at Oklahoma Military Academy. He was married to Susan Robertson until his death in 2013. Robertson died on February 27, 2013 from pneumonia caused by lung cancer in his home in San Diego, California, aged 89.


Who is a Jew?

Who is a Jew? () is the basic question about the identity of Jews, or in other words: which people are considered to be Jewish. 

The definition of who is a Jew may depend on a few things. Because Judaism has no specific race, it can include characteristics of an ethnicity, religion, and citizenship, and so the definition of who is a Jew is not specific.

This question has been a subject to legal arguments, especially in Israel but also outside of it. There have been court cases in Israel since 1962 which had to address the question. In addition, the United Kingdom and other countries has had to consider whether the question was a racial issue or not.

It was an important question to the Nazi party in Germany. The Nazis decided who a Jew was with the Nuremberg Laws.

The question is based on the person's genealogy. Simple definition: a person is a Jew either by birth (in any case if one's mother is Jewish) or by religious conversion. 

However, some disagree. Therefore, the following need to be taken into account:




Logo of Wikipedia

The logo of Wikipedia, which is a free, open-source online encyclopedia, that's accessible in many languages, is a picture that shows the following description:

A cut globe made from Jigsaw puzzle pieces with some missing at the top, and has glyphs from many different writing systems. The reason for missing pieces is because there is a never ending amount of information, making Wikipedia never done.

As shown on the top and left corner web pages of the English-language version of Wikipedia, it says "Wikipedia" under it, and there's a text that says "The Free Encyclopedia", in a serif and free open-source font.

Registered user

A registered user is a person who uses a program or a website and signs up to them by providing his or her identity information.

Registered users may be different depending on the platform they are using, and could have some advantage over guest users in many aspects - however, criticism on the matter has been a big deal. 

Proteome

Proteome is a word made from the words protein and genome. It means all the proteins produced by an organism. It was suggested in 1994 by Marc Wilkins, Professor of Biotechnology at the University of New South Wales. 

University of New South Wales

The University of New South Wales (UNSW) is a university in Sydney, New South Wales. It is one of the most highly regarded schools in Australia. It was founded in 1949.


The Alphabet Killer

The Alphabet Killer is a 2008 American mystery crime thriller movie. It was given limited release on November 7, 2008. The movie is about the murders of three girls in Rochester, New York between 1971 and 1973. Eliza Dushku plays Megan Paige, an investigator for Rochester Police Department who is investigating the murders. Timothy Hutton plays killer Richard Ledge. This thriller got negative reviews from the critics.

Crop (anatomy)

A crop (sometimes called a croup or craw) is a thin-walled expanded portion of the alimentary canal used for storing food before digestion. It is found in many animals. It occurs in birds, some dinosaurs, and invertebrate animals such as gastropods (snails and slugs), earthworms, leeches, and insects.

In a bird's digestive system, the crop is an expanded, muscular pouch near the gullet or throat. It is a part of the digestive tract, essentially an enlarged part of the oesophagus. As with most other organisms that have a crop, the crop is used to temporarily store food. Not all birds have a crop. In adult doves and pigeons, the crop can produce crop milk to feed newly hatched birds.

Scavenging birds, such as vultures, gorge themselves when prey is abundant, causing their crop to bulge. They then sit, sleepy or half torpid, to digest their food.

Most raptors, including hawks, eagles and vultures (as stated above), have a crop; however, owls do not. 

Cropping is used by bees to temporarily store nectar of flowers. When bees "suck" nectar, it is stored in their crops. Pollen is stuffed into their knee bags.

In a gizzard, the food is ground down before digestion, usually by stones. Gizzards have a tougher lining, and muscles. The gizzard is lower down the digestive tract, and more like a part of the stomach.

The crop is just a storage device. Often, it pays a bird to feed while the going is good, and do the digestion later. In many birds and in bees, the food is eventually brought back to the nest and given to family members. 

In other species, food brought back to the nest is pre-digested. That would mean it is regurgitated (brought up) from the stomach.


Dassault Rafale

The Dassault Rafale is a fighter aircraft made by French airplane company Dassault Aviation. The prototype first flew in 1986 but was introduced in 2001 by the Marine Nationale. Rafale was introduced in Armée de l'Air in 2006.

Using the traditional delta wing of Dassault aircraft, the Rafale is a twin-engine fighter built in composite material and metal. Near the nose it has small "canard" wings used to stabilize the aircraft during certain phases of flight, especially at low altitude. The cockpit can be single or tandem seat, depending on aircraft type. It has an internal 30 mm calibre autocannon. Rafale has 13 or 14 hardpoints for external weapons : 

Maximum offensive load of the Rafale is 21 000 pounds (9 500 kg).

The Rafale avionics consists of an "RBE2" electronic scanning radar, the "OSF" passive visual system and "SPECTRA" electronic warfare. Under wings Rafale may take one or two pods of aerial reconnaissance. It uses the communication "Link 16" like as the majority of NATO combat aircraft.


In 2013 operational users of Rafale were: 

Early 2013 in France negotiating the sale of aircraft with Brazil, India, and UAE.

In the afghan war Armée de l'Air and Marine Nationale used there Rafale like bombers and reconnaissance planes. The main weapon of these aircraft was then laser guided bomb. French navy Rafale flown from French aircraft carrier "Charles de Gaulle", named like famous general and political man. Last French Rafale mission in Afghanistan was in december 2011.

In the war of 2011 French Rafale and Mirage 2000 bombed the armed forces of Colonel Gaddafi. Some comes from aircraft carrier "Charles de Gaulle" but French air forces aircraft were from Solenzara air force base in Corsica. In this kind aerial refuelling were an obligation. Like in Afghanistan French pilots fired laser guided bombs, but also laser guided missiles.

In january 2013 France launch in Mali the "opération Serval" whose objective is to fight the Islamist terrorists who occupy the north. Air and land French forces are on alert, and immediately the first French fighter jets launched night bombing. Some are Rafale, but also Mirage 2000D. Once French troops involved, including the Légion Étrangère and Special forces, Rafale and Mirage 2000 were used for close air support. French fighter jets operating from internation airport of N'Djamena in Chad.

Independence Gate

The Independence Gate (, ) is a Korean political memorial gate, in Seoul, South Korea. The gate was designed by Seo Jae-pil.


Türkmenabat

Türkmenabat (or Turkmenabad; ) is a city in Turkmenistan. It used to be called Chardzhou (, ); Persian for "four canals"). It is the capital of Lebap Province. There were about 254,000 people living there in 2009.

French Air Force

The French Air Force (, literally Army of the Air) is the air force of France. It was formed in 1909 as the "Service Aéronautique de l'Armée", part of the French Army, and finally independent in 1934 in its current form. In 2013 it has an important fleet of aircraft.

In France the air force bases are called "Bases Aériennes" or "BA" and have a number, like Base Aérienne 117 in Paris.

Show and tell

Show and tell is a common expression. It is about showing an audience something and telling them about it. 

This group exercise is used to teach young children the skills of public speaking. For example, children will bring an item from home and will explain to the class why they chose that certain item, where they got it, and other relevant information.

The modern usage of this term began in the 1940s, but the general concept is older. For example, in one of William Shakespeare's plays, a character uses the same words to link something with words explaining it'

Spaghetti squash

The spaghetti squash ("Cucurbita pepo") is an oblong seed-bearing variety of winter squash. The fruit can range either from ivory to yellow or orange in color. The orange varieties have a higher carotene content. Its center contains many large seeds. Its flesh is bright yellow or orange. When raw, the flesh is solid and similar to other raw squash; when cooked, the flesh falls away from the fruit in ribbons or strands like spaghetti.

It is a superfood that contains lots of nutrients, including folic acid, potassium, vitamin A, and vitamin C, It is low in calories, averaging at least 42 calories per 1-cup (155 grams) serving.

Burning bush

The Burning Bush is an object described in the Book of Exodus. It was said to be on Mount Horeb. According to the narrative, the bush was on fire, but was not consumed (all burned up) by the flames. This is the reason for the name given to the bush. In the narrative, the "burning bush" is where Moses was chosen by God to lead the Israelites out of Egypt and into Canaan. 

Liana

Lianas are vines which live in rainforests. They are climbing plants which are rooted in the ground. Then they wrap around trees as they grow. Rain forests have them everywhere there are trees. 

The term "liana" refers to the vine, not the tree. It is not a taxonomic group: many plants have adopted this growth-mode.

Doctors of the Church

Doctor of the Church (from Latin "", to teach) is a title used in some Christian churches. It is given to people who are recognized as having been of particular importance, especially in their contribution to theology or doctrine. In the Catholic Church, this title is given to a saint who has written important works. The honour is given rarely, and only after canonisation. Saint Ambrose (330-397), Saint Augustine of Hippo (53-430), Saint Jerome, and Pope Gregory I are known as the Four Great Doctors (of the Western Church). In the Eastern Church, these are John Chrysostom, Saint Basil of Caesarea (or Basil the Great), Gregory of Nazianzus and Athanasius of Alexandria. Other Doctors of the Church include Thomas Aquinas, Anselm of Canterbury, Teresa of Ávila, Thérèse of Lisieux and Hildegard von Bingen.


Factoring (finance)

Factoring is a financial arrangement whereby a supplier of goods sells its trade receivables to the factor (bank) at discounted price for immediate cash payment. Factoring is selling rights to the future payments. People and companies that are receiving money from contracts every some time may be in need of extra money - so they sell rights to receive those payments for cash hence Factoring. This is done especially in construction business where companies are paid for parts of work completed instead of upfront payment. Such a company will sell future payments for small percentage fee and will receive all money they need to continue the work without delays.

The structured settlement factoring transaction can be really helpful for business in financial needs.
It provides business with better financing and more funds on hands in exchange for small percentage of total sum.

Some banks are entering field of Factoring trying to provide same service advertised by well known names.

Senigallia

Senigallia is a "comune" and seaport in Italy. It is on the Adriatic coastline, in the province of Ancona, in the Marche region. It is the second city of the province, after the capital, by the number of people living there.

It is an important seaside resort in the Marche region, and is visited every year by many person. Its beach is known as "Spiaggia di Velluto" (Velvet Beach).

Senigallia is on the Adriatic Sea, at the mouth of the Misa river. It has an area of and its altitude is .

The "comune" borders with the following "comuni"ː Belvedere Ostrense, Mondolfo (Province of Pesaro and Urbino), Monte San Vito, Montemarciano, Morro d'Alba, Ostra, Trecastelli.

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Senigalliaː Bettolelle, Borgo Bicchia, Borgo Catena, Borgo Passera, Brugnetto, Cannella, Castellaro, Cesanella, Cesano, Ciarnin, Filetto, Gabriella, Grottino, Mandriola, Marzocca, Montignano, Roncitelli, Sant'Angelo, San Silvestro, Scapezzano and Vallone.

There are 44,706 persons living in the "comune" (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

The people from this "comune" are known, in Italian, as "senigalliesi".

Despite its ancient origin the city presents a modern appearance, with wide streets. Attractions include:


Senigallia is twinned with:

Free Studio

Free Studio is a free set of multimedia programs created by DVDVideoSoft. The software is combination of multiple programs of different use combined in one. You can download them as one in a package or separately.
Free Studio consists of 48 programs, grouped into eight sections: YouTube to MP3 converter, Audio, CD-DVD-BD, DVD & Video, Photo & Images, Mobiles, Apple Devices, 3D.
Free YouTube to MP3 Converter is one of the five most popular software applications according to Chip Magazine.

AT&amp;T U-verse

U-verse or at&t U-verse is a brand that provides internet connection, premium television channels and VoIP. Launched in June 26, 2006 it is available in 22 US states.
By 2011 U-verse was available to 30 million people. U-verse High Speed Internet had 6.5 million subscribers.

Fulfillment house

A fulfillment house or fulfillment centre are modern terms for a packing warehouse.

Standard types of these services are as follows: storage and warehousing (company stores an item until and order for that item is received), inventory control (maintaining and publishing inventory counts), pick and pack services (preparing ordered items for shipping) and shipping (outsourcing to courier or delivery companies).

Advantages of outsourcing to such companies are: facilities (in early stages of business development you may have no place and money needed to store your items), shipping costs (because of special shipping rates when you ship thousands of items, which is not available for small companies), shipping materials costs (same reason as before), fulfillment costs (beneficial pricing when all fulfillment activities are bundled in one order), e-Commerce (fulfillment houses use advanced e-Commerce systems to help in management).

On the other hand disadvantages of outsourcing are: indirect control (if there are any problems with services provided by the fulfillment company the blame and bad reputation will be on your company's shoulders) and product damage or shrinkage (fulfillment companies won't take full responsibility for any product damage or shrinkage until they're proven directly responsible).

Paulina Rubio

Paulina Susana Rubio Rue (born June 17, 1971), is a Mexican singer, actress, hostess, model and businesswoman. She has sold over 20 million records world wide.

Paulina's father, Enrique Rubio is of Spanish origin and her mother Susana Dosamantes is a Mexican. Her breakthrough came with the group Timbiriche in Mexico.
She was married to Nicolas Vallejo Najera and they have a son, Andrea Nicolás Vallejo Rubio. She currently lives in Miami, Florida.



Skin whitening

Skin whitening, skin lightening, or skin bleaching, is a technique of making a person's skin lighter. This is done by reducing the melanin responsible for dark skin. Some chemicals in form of pills and injections are available. Some of those chemicals (such as compounds of mercury) may be toxic. 

Most skin lightening treatments are done to moles and birthmarks, but lightening unaffected skin parts is also possible. More people use such treatments because prices have dropped and there is better availability.

The new methods using both lasers and LED systems are showing good results and are possible alternative to chemicals.

Susana Dosamantes

Susana Dosamantes Rul Riestra (9 January 1948 – 2 July 2022), was a Mexican actress.

She is the mother of Mexican pop diva Paulina Rubio, She has appeared in around 50 movies and TV series, including telenovelas.
On 11 January 2011, her ex-husband died from kidney cancer.

In her final years Dosamantes worked in the United States so that she could live near her daughter, Paulina. Both Susana and Paulina lived in Miami, Florida.

Dosamantes died on 2 July 2022 at the age of 74, in Miami from pancreatic cancer.



Potter Palmer

Potter Palmer (May 20, 1826 – May 4, 1902) was an American businessman and architect. Palmer is known for helping creating new streets in the city of Chicago after the Great Chicago Fire during the 1880s.

Palmer was born on May 20, 1826. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Potter was married to Bertha Honoré from 1871 until his death in 1902. They had two children. On May 4, 1902, Palmer died from heart failure in his home in Chicago, Illinois. He was 75 when he died. He is buried at Graceland Cemetery in Uptown, Chicago.

Human chorionic gonadotropin

Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) is a hormone produced during pregnancy. Some tumors might produce this hormone. From December 6, 2011, the [FDA] (Food and Drug Administration) made illegal selling hCG diet products in pharmacies.

Controversy about injected hCG for weight loss started marketing campaign for injections of "homeopathic hCG" for weight control. The ingredients in these products if prepared from true hCG via homeopathic dilution, will contain either no hCG at all or only small amount of it.

We can measure hCG level with Blood or urine tests. These can be done by pregnancy tests.

Below is a list of hCG levels during pregnancy. ("LMP" is the last menstrual period dated from the first day of your last period.) The level of hCG grows over the time during pregnancy.

Giovanni Bellini

Giovanni Bellini (; c. 1430 – 26 November 1516) was an Italian Renaissance painter based in Venice. His father Jacopo and his brother Gentile were also painters, as was his brother-in-law Mantegna. 

Bellini used a coloristic style exemplified by his use of clear oil paints, deep colors, and detailed shadings. His atmospheric landscapes influenced Venetian painting, particularly the work done by his pupils, Giorgione and Titian. 



International marketing

International marketing (IM) or global marketing is a marketing done on international level. The International Marketing is based on strategy created in home country of company and distributed to its other offices/affiliations. In most cases it is international company level (company have offices in different countries) market identification and targeting. International Marketing is very similar to Global marketing.
The main difference will be the fact that Global Marketing is focusing on intercontinental point of view.
The example of International Marketing would be where an English company would like to enter Chinese market. It will be done by either developing marketing strategy in their home country that will be then introduced in new market or they will hire a company to create such a plan.

International marketing is developed by many multinational companies on a global level. It is then send to local markets which make changes for their country and starts following new strategy. Such a way of creating marketing strategies ensures that the global brand will be following same strategy and targeting same buyers group.

Metroid: Other M

Metroid: Other M is an action-adventure video game published by Team Ninja and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Wii console. It is the latest game in the "Metroid" series. It was first announced at E3 2009. It was released on August 30, 2010 in North America, on September 2, 2010 in Japan and Australia, and on September 3, 2010 in Europe.

"Metroid: Other M" plays in both first person and third-person. It takes place between "Super Metroid" and "Metroid Fusion".

Harold Pinter

Harold Pinter CH CBE (10 October 1930 – 24 December 2008) was a British playwright, screenwriter, director and actor. Pinter was Jewish. He was born and raised in Hackney, east London.

His plays include: "The Birthday Party", "The Homecoming" and "Betrayal", all of which he adapted into movies. His adaptations of others' works include: "The Servant", "The Go-Between", "The French Lieutenant's Woman", "The Trial" and "Sleuth".

The critic Irving Wardle called Pinter's early plays ""comedies of menace"". He meant that the plays begin with an apparently innocent situation. The situation becomes both threatening and "absurd" as Pinter's characters behave in strange ways. Pinter acknowledged that Samuel Beckett influenced his early work. They became friends, sending each other drafts of their works in progress for comments.

Pinter was married to Vivien Merchant from 1956 until they divorced in 1980. He was married to Antonia Fraser from 1980 until his death. He was diagnosed with oesophageal cancer in 2001 and died from the disease in London seven years later when it metastasised to his liver.

Metroid Prime: Trilogy

Metroid Prime: Trilogy is a compilation video game for the Nintendo Wii console. It was released on August 24, 2009 in North America, on September 4, 2009 in Europe, and on October 15, 2009 in Australia. It includes the games "Metroid Prime", "", and "". In this game, "Metroid Prime" and "Metroid Prime 2: Echoes" have the same control system used in "Metroid Prime 3: Corruption". They also have shorter load times and better graphics.

Structured settlement

A Structured settlement is an insurance or financial arrangement that is negotiated to end a lawsuit. It is a legal agreement through which an insurance company agrees to make regular payments to a specific individual over a period of time.

Structured settlements created as a way for insurance companies to payout settlements in installments as opposed to large lump sums. Structured settlements may benefit injured people whose settlements might result in their owing taxes, by allowing them to reduce or delay tax payments. They may also benefit younger people or disabled people by providing periodic payments of money over an extended period of time.

Structured settlements require the paper holder (a name for the person who receives payments from the settlement) to wait before they will get money, by spreading payments over a number of years. However there are companies offering to buy such a structured settlement for upfront money. For example, a company might offer to buy a settlement that would be paid in 20 yearly payments for a one-time payment of lower value. Such financing may need to be approved by judge and the insurance company.

In the United States, the sale of a structured settlement may result in tax liability under the Internal Revenue Code.

Die Fledermaus

Die Fledermaus () is an opera by Johann Strauss II. Its first performance took place on April 5, 1874 at the Theater an der Wien in Vienna, Austria. The opera has been presented on New Year's Eve in Vienna since the early 1930s. "Die Fledermaus" is based on the French play "Le Réveillon" (1872) by Meilhac and Halévy.

Term life insurance

Term Life Insurance is life insurance that provides coverage for a specific period, or "term." Common terms might be 10, 20, or 30 years. Unlike other forms of life insurance, such as whole life or universal life, term insurance has no savings or investment component. It’s designed to pay out a death benefit if the insured person dies during the term.

"Affordability"


Because term life insurance is only death insurance, it is used to cover mortgages (guarantee that the bank will receive their money), payment to the families (upon death of insured person his family will usually receive repayment for funeral costs and in some cases will get some money), and repayment of debts.

Term Insurance as Mortgage Protection:

It's essential to regularly review the policy, especially if there are significant changes to the mortgage amount or structure. Refinancing, for instance, might extend the mortgage term, which could necessitate adjustments to the term life policy.

Eisteddfod

The Eisteddfod is a Welsh festival of literature and music. The idea of the festival goes back at least to the 12th century.


Denbighshire

Denbighshire is a shire in northeast Wales, in the United Kingdom. It has over 90,000 people. The largest town is Rhyl.


Rhyl

Rhyl (), pronounced "Rill", is a seaside resort and community in Denbighshire in North Wales. It is in the historic county of Flintshire and the preserved county of Clwyd. In 2011, the town's population was 25,149. This makes it one of the largest settlements in North Wales.

The town was once an elegant Victorian resort. Influences from Liverpool and Manchester, both cities in England, after World War II changed the town. By 1990, the town had declined. However, since then the town has had major regeneration.

It has a number of Grade II listed buildings. An example is the Parish Church of St Thomas in Bath Street. It is listed as Grade II*.

Very old documents refer to a small dwelling in the area called "Ty'n Rhyl". There is a manor house with that name that still exists in the town.

Mesh networking

Mesh networking is a kind of network topology, a way computer networks and other networks are laid out. In mesh networking, each node is connected to one or more other nodes. Information is passed from one node to the next, until it reaches its target destination. Such networks can be very reliable because there is usually more than one path from one node to another. When a node fails, the data will simply take another route. 

The disadvantage of such networks is that building them can be very expensive. A network in which each node is directly connected to every other node is called a fully connected network. Another type of a mesh network is a mobile ad hoc network. In such a network the nodes are mobile, and the network may reorganize itself while it is running. 

According to Reed's Law, the value of fully meshed networks is proportional to the exponent of the number of subscribers. Metcalf's Law, in contrast asserts that the value is proportional to the square of the number of subscibers.


The Emperor's New Clothes

"The Emperor's New Clothes" is a story by Hans Christian Andersen. The tale was first published on 7 April 1837 with "The Little Mermaid" in the third and final installment of Andersen's "Fairy Tales Told for Children". It was published in Copenhagen, Denmark by C. A. Reitzel. The story is based on one from the "Libro de los ejemplos del conde Lucanor y de Patronio|Libro de los ejemplos" (or "El Conde Lucanor", 1335) by Juan Manuel, Prince of Villena (1282–1348). This book was a medieval Spanish collection of fifty-one cautionary tales with various sources such as Aesop and other classical writers and Persian folktales. Andersen did not know the Spanish original, but read the tale in a German translation titled "So ist der Lauf der Welt". In the source tale, a king is hoodwinked by weavers who claim to make a suit of clothes invisible to any man not the son of his presumed father. Andersen altered the source tale to direct the focus on courtly pride and intellectual vanity rather than adulterous paternity.

Andersen's manuscript was at the printer’s when he suddenly changed the original climax of the tale from the emperor’s subjects admiring his invisible clothes to that of the child's cry. Andersen’s decision to change the ending may have occurred after he read the manuscript tale to a child, or had its source in a childhood incident similar to that in the tale. In 1872, he recalled standing in a crowd with his mother waiting to see King Frederick VI. When the king made his appearance, Andersen cried out, "Oh, he’s nothing but a human being!" His mother tried to silence him by crying, "Have you gone mad, child?". Whatever the reason, Andersen thought the change would prove more satirical.

The story tells of an Emperor who cares for nothing but new clothes. He hires two swindlers who promise him the finest suit of clothes. It will be made from a fabric invisible to anyone who is unfit for his position or "hopelessly stupid". The Emperor's ministers cannot see the clothing, but pretend that they can for fear of appearing unfit for their positions. The Emperor does the same. Finally the swindlers report that the suit is finished. They pretend to dress Emperor. He marches in procession before his subjects. The townsfolk play along with the pretense. Then a child in the crowd cries out that the Emperor is wearing nothing at all. The cry is taken up by others. The Emperor cringes, but holds his head high and continues the procession.



Shabbat

Shabbat is the name of the day of rest in Judaism. Shabbat happens on the seventh day (Saturday) of every week. In Judaism, the day is defined with the cycle of the sun: The day begins and ends at sunset, not midnight. So the seventh day of the week, Shabbat, begins Friday when the sun goes down, and ends Saturday night after it gets dark. The idea of Shabbat comes from the Bible's story of Creation. In that story, God creates the Universe and everything on Earth for six days. On the seventh day, he stops work. In the same way, Jews work on the first six days of the week and rest on the seventh day, Shabbat.

The word "Shabbat" began as a Hebrew word (). The English word "Sabbath" comes from the word "Shabbat". The English word can also be used to refer to Shabbat. The Christian idea of Sabbath came from the Jewish idea of Shabbat. Now, there are many differences between them.

The first part of the Jewish Bible, the Torah, says that work is not allowed on Shabbat. It is a day to rest and study the Torah.

In Jewish law, Shabbat is the most important Jewish holiday. It is even more important than Passover, Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. Jewish mystics say that the Shabbat day is meant to be like a perfect world. In this world, everyone knows about God and loves him. They believe that kind of world has not been seen since the Garden of Eden, and will not be seen again until the Messiah comes.

There are two versions of the Ten Commandments in the Bible. These versions use different words. The version in Exodus says "Remember Shabbat to keep it holy." The version in Deuteronomy says "Guard Shabbat to keep it holy." Jewish custom says that "remember" means to "celebrate" Shabbat. "Guard" means "resting"—not working or doing business.

Shabbat is a happy day. There are many ceremonies of Shabbat that help people celebrate the happiness of the day.


Enjoying Shabbat is very important, but Shabbat is a holy day. There are laws and rules in the Torah, the Mishnah and the Talmud about what Jews may and may not do on Shabbat. These laws help Jews keep Shabbat as a holy day.


Conservative Judaism also teaches Jews not to do activities in the 39 prohibited categories of work "(melacha)." Conservative rabbis are often less strict about what is "melacha" than Orthodox rabbis are. Conservative rabbis are almost always less strict about what is a prevention "(shevut)" than Orthodox rabbis. For example, Conservative rabbis allow Jews to use electricity on Shabbat for many purposes. They do not allow Jews to use electricity to do any of the 39 prohibited categories of work.

Many, if not most, "lay members" (not rabbis or prayer leaders) of Conservative synagogues in North America do not follow these laws. Progressive Judaism, including Reform Judaism, does not accept Jewish law as binding. These Jews may rest on Shabbat, but are not usually strict about not doing "melacha" or "shevut." They may even add practices not allowed under Orthodox Jewish law that they think improves their celebration of Shabbat. For example, they may drive to synagogue on Shabbat, or may use musical instruments on Shabbat. Orthodox Judaism does not allow either of those actions on Shabbat.

Shabbat ends after dark on Saturday night. The end of Shabbat is marked by a ceremony called "Havdalah" (). This is a Hebrew word meaning "division" or "separation". The ceremony "divides" or "separates" the holy day of Shabbat from the new week. The "Havdalah" blessings are spoken over a cup of wine. The "Havdalah" ceremony also uses spices with a nice smell and a candle with many "wicks" (cloth strings for lighting). After "Havdalah", people start doing regular weekday things again.

"Note 1." Sources here may not be in Simple English.<br>
"Note 2." Some Bible sources below include a Simple English version of the Jewish Publication Society's 1917 English translation. All Bible sources below include a link to the 1917 translation and the original Hebrew text.

Plural ignorance

Plural ignorance or pluralistic ignorance is a term which gives a name to a situation where a majority of group members privately reject a norm, but at the same time, they assume incorrectly that most others accept it. The term describes a context in which "no one believes, but everyone thinks that everyone believes." 

A context of plural ignorance can be caused by the structure of the underlying social network.

A situation of plural ignorance develops when each individual decision-maker in a group of decision-makers does not have the necessary information to solve a problem.

The term "pluralistic ignorance" was coined by Daniel Katz and Floyd H. Allport in 1931. 

Plural ignorance may partially explain why people are more likely to intervene in an emergency situation when alone than when other persons are present. If people monitor the reactions of others in such a situation, they may conclude from the inaction of others that other people think that it is not necessary to act. 


Millionaire Hot Seat

Millionaire Hot Seat is an Australian television game show. It is a spin-off of the game show "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". It first aired on 20 April 2009. It is hosted by Eddie McGuire.

Six players compete for a prize of $1,000,000. Players are asked multiple choice questions with four possible answers. Each question has a time limit. The time limit is 15 seconds for the first five questions, 30 seconds for the next five questions, and 45 seconds for the last five. Players have one "pass" that they can use. If a player uses a pass, the question goes to the next player in line. That player can not use their pass on the question. If a player answers a question incorrectly, they are removed from the game, go home with nothing, and the top prize is lowered. If a player does not give an answer in the time limit, it is considered a pass. If they can not pass, they are removed from the game.

If the first player answers the first five questions correctly, they win a $1,000 bonus.

The game ends when all of the players are removed from the game or the last question is answered. If the question is answered correctly, the player wins the amount of money the question is worth. If it is answered incorrectly, the player goes home with nothing. If the 5th question was answered correctly, they leave with $1,000.


Bathroom cabinet

A bathroom cabinet (or medicine cabinet) is a cabinet in a bathroom. Most of the time it is located above bathroom sink. The main role of bathroom cabinet is to be place to keep drugs, hygienic equipment and toiletries like toothbrush and perfumes. Having a bathroom cabinet saves a space (it is located above sink which usually is unused space), helps to organize belongings in case of broken pipe or other kind of flooding in the bathroom.

Michel Aflaq

Michel Aflaq (‎, , 9 January 1910 – 23 June 1989) was a Syrian philosopher, sociologist and Arab nationalist. He is considered to be the principal founder of Ba'athism.

Ba'ath Party (Iraqi-dominated faction)

The Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party (also spelled Ba'th or Baath, "resurrection" or "renaissance"; "Hizb Al-Ba'ath Al-'Arabi Al-Ishtiraki"), also called the pro-Iraqi Ba'ath movement, is a Ba'athist political party headquartered in Baghdad, Iraq. It is one of two parties which formed in 1966 after split of the original Ba'ath Party. They ruled Iraq between 1968 and the 2003 invasion of Iraq.

Ba'athism

Ba’athism is an ideology which emerged in the Middle East in the twentieth century. It is a revolutionary ideology which stands for Arab nationalism, Pan-Arabism, anti-imperialism and socialism, though the ideology has taken different forms in different countries and periods. Ba’ath (Arabic: بعث) is an Arabic word which translates to ‘’resurrection’’ or ‘’revival’’. This term reflects what the groups and movements behind the ideology strive to accomplish, namely a rebirth of Arab culture, nationalism, values and society. The main thinker and founder of Ba’athism is Michel Aflaq. Due to Aflaq’s efforts Ba’athism has been established in the past in Syria and Iraq.

The emergence of Arab nationalism in the early twentieth century falls in line with the historical developments of the time as well as earlier ideological developments. Among the historical developments, is the Ottoman Empire’s neglect of the Arab region as well as their overusage of the region's agricultural resources during the period of World War I. After the Ottomans, there was the imperialist presence of the French and the British in former Ottoman regions like Syria and Iraq. The combination of being ruled by others as well as the rise of nationalist ideologies across the globe had given rise to Arab nationalism and eventually Ba’athism.

Since the first establishment of a Ba’athist party in Syria in the 1940s, there have been a number of different Ba'athist parties and figureheads. The most prominent examples are Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Hafez al-Assad and his son Bashar al-Assad in Syria. There are different forms of Ba'athism. However, the core principles can be reduced to the writings and ideas of Michel Aflaq. These principles are Arab nationalism, revolution, pan-Arabism, anti-imperialism and socialism.

When Aflaq speaks of (Arab) nationalism in an essay, he describes it as unconditional and even unquestionable love for the Arab nationality. Part of the love for the Arab nationality is to be of “useful service” to the Arab nation. This idea of the Arab citizens’ individual responsibilities and services ties in with the socialist aspects of Ba'athism.

In an address to a branch of the Arab Ba’ath Party, Aflaq speaks of "‘the Arab mission’". This ‘Arab mission’ is to return the Arabs to the greatness they were in the past and to unite the Arab regions to form one nation, also known as pan-Arabism. He says: "“The experience in which our struggle takes place is that of the Arab nation dismembered into different countries and statelets, artificial and counterfeit; we struggle until we can reunite these scattered members[…]”""." According to Aflaq, this mission can only be accomplished through revolution: "“Our past was a revolution and we will never reach its level or meet with it except through revolution.”"

In the year 1943, the Ba’ath Arab Socialist Party was founded in Syria by Michel Aflaq and Salah al-Din al-Bitar. The two met when they were studying in Paris from 1928 to 1934. The two were already nationalists before they went to study in France. However, it is during their stay in France that they learned about and adopted the ideas of socialism. They returned to Syria to work as teachers and in 1943 started the Ba’ath Arab Socialist Party. Syria became independent from France in 1946 and continued as a democracy. However, Syria still had problems within but also problematic relationships with the surrounding countries. The country was still in chaos and figuring itself out when the army decided to take matters into its own hands in 1949 by overthrowing the government. After this, a series of coups followed in quick succession. In 1958, Egypt and Syria formed a union to become the United Arab Republic. However, Syria decided to separate after 3 years in 1961, because Egypt was too dominant in the union. Throughout the years, Ba'athist ideas had been spreading in Syria and also within parts of the Syrian army. This resulted in a Ba'athist coup in 1963 by army officers. Among these officers was Hafez al-Assad who later in 1970 seized power in Syria.

Hafez al-Assad and his son Basher al-Assad have ruled Syria under the Ba’ath party and their version of the Ba’ath ideology. Hafez al-Assad ruled over Syria from 1970 until his death in 2000. During his reign, many atrocities as well as assassinations took place against those who opposed him. After his death, his son Basher al-Assad succeeded him and to-date rules over Syria. Under his reign, the Syrian Civil War started.

After the Ba’ath party was established in 1943 in Syria, Ba’athism reached Iraq in the late 1940s and became well known among young university students. In 1951, Fu ‘ad al-Rikabi became the founder and first leader of the Iraqi Regional Branch. The Iraqi Regional Branch was an Iraqi version of the Arab Socialist Ba’ath Party. With time, more students became a member of the Iraqi Ba’ath party. By 1955, its members numbered 300. In 1956, Saddam Hussein became a member as well. On July 17, 1968, the party succeeded in overthrowing the government after a failed coup d'état in 1963, and began its thirty-five-year domination of Iraq.

After the overthrow in 1968, Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr was appointed as the new president of Iraq. During his reign, he nationalised the Iraq Petroleum Company (IPC), which stimulated the economic growth of the country. In July 1979, Saddam Hussein took over the presidentship of al-Bakr and started his twenty-four-year rulership. In 1980, the Iran-Iraq war emerged, which has seen eight years of severe violence and is notable for the use of chemical and biological warfare. In 1990, Iraq led the invasion of Kuwait, which led to its second major war, namely the Gulf war in 1991. In 2003, the reign of Saddam Hussein and the Ba'ath party came to an end when the United States led the invasion of Iraq, also known as the start of the Iraq war.

In May 2003, the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) recognized, through Resolution 1483, the military occupation of Iraq by the United States and the United Kingdom. They ended the economic sanctions, which had been in place for thirteen years, and permitted humanitarian aid, reconstruction and the establishment of a new government. Despite the optimistic plans for the future, Iraq was close to collapse at the end of 2006, which was also caused by the execution of Saddam Hussein on December 30th. The loss of the then Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki and his party, who was at power since 2006, during the 2010 elections for a new assembly and government, and the departure of the US forces in 2011 contributed to a tense situation. In addition to the political tension, Iraq has also suffered a lot from Islamic extremist organizations such as Al-Qaeda and ISIS until today.

Denton Cooley

Denton Arthur Cooley (August 22, 1920 – November 18, 2016) was an American heart surgeon. He was known for doing the first implantation of a complete artificial heart. Cooley was also the founder and surgeon in-chief of The Texas Heart Institute, chief of Cardiovascular Surgery at St. Luke's Episcopal Hospital, consultant in Cardiovascular Surgery at Texas Children's Hospital, and a clinical professor of Surgery at the University of Texas Medical School at Houston.

He studied zoology in the University of Texas and graduated in 1941. He began his medical education at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston. He completed his medical degree and his surgical training at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in Baltimore, Maryland, where he also completed his internship. At Johns Hopkins, he worked with Dr. Alfred Blalock and helped with the first Blue Baby procedure to treat a child's congenital heart defect.

In 1946, Cooley served as chief of surgical services at the station hospital in Linz, Austria for the Army Medical Corps. He was discharged (released) in 1948 with the rank of captain. Then, he returned to Johns Hopkins to remain as an instructor in surgery. In 1950, he went to London to work with Lord Russell Brock.

Cooley died at his home in Houston on November 18, 2016, aged 96.

Pizzicato Polka

The Pizzicato Polka is a piece of orchestral music by Johann Strauss II. Strauss composed it with his brother Josef in 1869 for a trip to Imperial Russia. It was published in 1870. The polka was written for string orchestra and glockenspiel. It was hugely popular, especially in Italy, where it was included on every program Strauss played there. The piece consists of four melodies and the work is arranged in ternary form (A-B-A). The piece is scored for plucked strings.

Emeritus

Emeritus is a title given to a professor, bishop or other person with an important office. The title says that these people, while still holding their title, no longer practice their function. Usually, this is done because of old age. Usually the "emeritus" is put after the official title of the person, as in "Professor emeritus".

In the time of the Roman Empire, it was used for soldiers, to say that they no longer needed to serve in the army. That way, a Bishop emeritus no longer needs to take part in the celebration of the mass, but he is still able to perform confirmations or to ordain priests. 

Mumford &amp; Sons

Mumford & Sons are an English folk rock band from London. 

The band was formed in 2007 by band members Marcus Mumford, Ben Lovett, Winston Marshall and Ted Dwane. Lead vocalist Marcus Mumford organised the band and their performances and was one of the most visible members of the band because of this the band decided to use the name Mumford & Sons.

They released their debut studio album "Sigh No More" on 2 October 2009. They later released their second studio album "Babel" on 21 September 2012. "Babel" won a Grammy Award for "Album of the Year" at the 2013 Grammy Awards. They were also a part of the documentary "Big Easy Express" which won a Grammy Award for "Best Long Form Music Video".




Kings Island

Kings Island is a amusement park located northeast of Cincinnati in Mason, Ohio, United States. The park is owned and operated by the Cedar Fair company. It operates from April to December. The park features 48 rides total and has 14 roller coasters including Banshee, The Bat, Mystic Timbers, , Diamondback, and other attractions. The park opened to the public on April 29, 1972. Great Wolf Lodge nearby, is next to the amusement park.

The newest ride at Kings Island is Orion.

Symphony No. 94 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 94 in G major is a symphony by Joseph Haydn. It was first performed in London on 23 March 1792 under Haydn's direction. It is nicknamed the Surprise Symphony. The symphony's nickname is derived from the sudden loud chord played by the entire orchestra in the second movement. This movement is a set of variations on a sweet, gentle theme. The chord was Haydn's afterthought; it does not appear in the manuscript. One theory suggests Haydn inserted this loud chord saying, "That will make the ladies jump!". Another theory suggests he inserted it to wake up the music lovers who had dozed off after their dinners and drinks. Another theory suggests he inserted it to make the symphony memorable in light of the competition he faced from a series of London concerts directed by Ignaz Pleyel.


MedlinePlus

MedlinePlus is a free website that gives free consumer health information for patients, families, and health care providers. The site has information from the United States National Library of Medicine, the National Institutes of Health (NIH), other U.S. government agencies, and health-related organizations. The U.S. National Library of Medicine produces and maintains the site. MedlinePlus includes a companion site in Spanish, which offers similar content for the Spanish-speaking community. It also offers a mobile site in both English and Spanish optimized for display on mobile devices. Over 150 million people from around the world use MedlinePlus each year. 

MedlinePlus contains:

Medical Subject Headings

Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) is a way to keep track of for the purpose of journal articles and books in the life sciences; it can also serve as a thesaurus that makes searching easier. Created and updated by the United States National Library of Medicine (NLM), it is used by the MEDLINE/PubMed article database and by NLM's catalog of book holdings.

MeSH was introduced in 1963. The yearly printed version was discontinued in 2007 and MeSH is now available online only. It can be browsed and downloaded free of charge through PubMed. Originally in English, MeSH has been translated into numerous other languages and allows retrieval of documents from different languages.

Diseases Database

The Diseases Database is a database on a free website that gives information about the relationships between medical conditions, symptoms, and medications. The database is run by Medical Object Oriented Software Enterprises Ltd, a small company based in London, UK.

The site's stated aim is "education, background reading and general interest" with an intended audience "physicians, other clinical healthcare workers and students of these professions". The editor of the site is stated as Malcolm H Duncan, a UK qualified medical doctor.

The Diseases Database is based around a collection of concepts related to human medicine. These concepts include diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results. These are referred to as 'items'.
There are around 8,000 items within the database.

EMedicine

eMedicine is an online research tool for clinical studies. It was founded in 1996 by two medical doctors, Scott Plantz and Richard Lavely. The website is searchable by keyword. It has about 6,800 articles, each of which is associated with one of 62 clinical subspecialty textbooks. Pediatrics, for example, consists of 14 subspecialty textbooks (endocrinology, genetics, cardiology, pulmonology, etc.). For example, 750 articles are the textbook on emergency medicine. Each article is authored by board-certified specialists in the subspecialty to which the article belongs. The article's authors are identified with their current jobs. Each article is updated yearly and the date is published on the article.

It was sold to WebMD in January 2006.

The site is free to use, requiring only registration. More than 10,000 contributors from several countries participated in the creation of the articles. It is operated as an e-book, the articles can be downloaded into a palm top device.

It was originally conceived in 1996 as an emergency medicine textbook but its content has expanded a lot since then to include allergy and immunology, cardiology, clinical procedures, critical care, dermatology, emergency medicine, endocrinology, gastroenterology. genomic medicine, hematology, infectious diseases, nephrology, neurology, obstetrics/gynecology, oncology, pathology, perioperative care, physical medicine and rehabilitation, psychiatry, pulmonology, radiology, rheumatology, and sports medicine. Surgical subspecialties include neurosurgery, ophthalmology, orthopedic surgery, (ENT) and facial plastic surgery, plastic surgery, thoracic surgery, transplantation, Trauma, urology, and vascular surgery.


ICD-10 Chapter X: Diseases of the respiratory system

The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems 10th Revision (ICD-10) is a list of diseases and signs, symptoms, abnormal findings, complaints, social circumstances and external causes of injury or diseases. Each item is given a code by the World Health Organization (WHO).

Nanna (Norse deity)

In Norse mythology, Nanna is the goddess of joy and peace. She is a wife of Baldur.

Nanna is also the Norse goddess of the Moon. She dies of a broken heart after Baldur is killed because of Loki convincing Höðr to kill him. 

Bristle

A bristle is a stiff hair or feather. Also used are synthetic materials such as nylon in items such as brooms and sweepers. Bristles are often used to make brushes for cleaning uses: common examples are the toothbrush and toilet brush. The bristle brush is a common household cleaning tool, often used to remove dirt or grease from pots and pans.

Le Roy le veult

""Le Roy le veult"" ("The King wills it") or ""La Reyne le veult"" ("The Queen wills it") is a Norman French line used in the Parliament of the United Kingdom to show that a public or private bill has received Royal Assent from the Monarch.

The practice of giving Royal Assent came from William the Conqueror to show that the King intended for something to be made law. Norman French came to be used as the normal language of the educated classes and of the law, though Latin continued to be used with it. The work of the Parliament of England was conducted entirely in French until the latter part of Edward III's reign (1327–1377) and English was only rarely used before the reign of Henry VI (1422–61, 1470–71). Royal Assent was sometimes given in English, though more often in French. The practice of recording Parliamentary statutes in French or Latin stopped by 1488 and statutes have been published in English ever since.

During the period of the Protectorate, when the Lord Protector (Oliver Cromwell and later his son Richard) governed the country, assent was given in English. The old practice of giving assent in Norman French was resumed following the Restoration in 1660 and has continued ever since. There has only been one attempt to remove it, when the House of Lords passed a bill in 1706 "for abolishing the use of the French tongue in all proceedings in Parliament and courts of justice." The bill failed to pass the House of Commons. Although the use of French in courts was later abolished in 1731, Parliament's practice was not affected.

The line is used to show that the Monarch has granted their Royal Assent to a bill in order to make it become law. It is used by the Clerk of the Parliaments in the House of Lords. It is only used after the Lord Chancellor with the Lords Commissioners, has read out the Letters patent for the bill. The Clerk of the Crown then reads out the short title of the bill and the Clerk of the Parliament responds by saying the line 19 times towards the House of Commons at the bar of the House. The line is also written on the paper of the bill to show that the Monarch granted Royal Assent to the bill.

The line has been used wrongly on other bills, same as the wrong line has also been used for government bills. There are a few occasions where this has happened, most notably on the Act of Supremacy 1558 where ""Soit fait comme il est désiré"", the line used for personal bills, was used instead of ""La Reyne le veult"".

If the Royal Assent is refused, the line ""Le Roy / La Reyne s'avisera"" would be used, though in practice no British monarch since Queen Anne has not given royal assent since a dispute over militia in Scotland in 1707.

George Herriman

George Joseph Herriman (August 22, 1880 – April 25, 1944) was an American cartoonist. He is best known for his comic strip "Krazy Kat" (1913–1944).


Sam Champion

Samuel James "Sam" Champion (born August 13, 1961) is the weather anchor of ABC's "Good Morning America" and weather editor of ABC News. Champion was born in Paducah, Kentucky. He has a B.A. in broadcast journalism from Eastern Kentucky University. He worked on "Good Morning America" as a weatherman, making reportedly $1.5 million per year. On April 7, 2012, he debuted as host of "Sea Rescue", an educational and informational television program that focuses on the rescue, rehabilitation, and release of animals back into the wild. 

Champion is active in many charitable organizations in the New York City area including the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, March of Dimes, and "Stopping AIDS Together". He co-hosted the New York City Project's 2002 "Courage Awards". On 20 February 2013 "The Wall Street Journal" reported that a former Mets teammate of baseball player Mike Piazza's said in 2000 that Piazza and Champion were involved in a homosexual relationship. Piazza denied this in 2002. Champion and his longtime partner Rubem Robierb were married on December 21, 2012. 

Champion left "Good Morning America" in December 2013, and later moved to The Weather Channel hosting "AMHQ" from March 2014 until October 2015.

Opera House, Royal Tunbridge Wells

The Opera House is a former opera house and current pub in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England. It is also a Grade II listed building.

River Medway

The River Medway is a river which flows for from the High Weald in Sussex, through Kent to the point where it enters the Thames Estuary. The river becoms tidal after Allington Lock.

The major tributaries of the medway are:


Until 1746 the river was impassable above Maidstone. The Environment Agency is the navigation authority.

The Incredible Hulk Coaster

The Incredible Hulk is a steel launched roller coaster. It is at Islands of Adventure in Orlando, Florida. It is themed and named after Hulk, a popular comic book superhero character. It has a launched tube known as the Gamma Tube that the roller coaster launches from. The ride was manfactured by Bolliger & Mabillard and has 7 inversions. It was the only Bolliger & Mabillard launched roller coaster in the world until Thunderbird opened.

The Incredible Hulk has the following inversions:

Church of King Charles the Martyr, Royal Tunbridge Wells

The Church of King Charles the Martyr is a Church of England parish church in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England. It is a Grade I listed building. 

EADS Harfang

The EADS Harfang is an unmanned aerial vehicle developed for service in the French Air Force. 

The project was inspired by the IAI Heron, an Israeli drone aircraft shown at the 1999 Paris Air Show. It was built by EADS, the European Aeronautics and Space company now part of Airbus.

Its name comes from "Harfang des neiges", the French name for the snowy owl, a raptor (bird of prey).

The Harfang is a twin-boom aircraft, propelled by a rear-mounted engine. Avionics include GPS. It has no weapon on board.


In May 2011, it was used for observation of the G8 meeting in Deauville. 
In January 2013, France used this plane for reconnaissance against Islamist terrorists who occupy the north of Mali.

Jimmy Roberts (singer)

Jimmy Roberts (April 6, 1923 - February 6, 1999) was an American singer. He performed on "The Lawrence Welk Show" from 1955 to 1982. He sang several songs during his years on "The Lawrence Welk Show".

Roberts was originally from Kentucky. He was married from 1985 until he died. He had four children. He died in 1999 in Clearwater, Florida.

John Ruskin

John Ruskin (8 February 1819 – 20 January 1900) was the leading English art critic of the Victorian era. He was also an art patron, draughtsman, watercolourist, a prominent social thinker and philanthropist. He was hugely influential in the last half of the 19th century, up to the First World War. 

Ruskin wrote on a wide range of subjects. These included geology, architecture, myths, ornithology, literature, education, botany, and political economy. In all his writing, he emphasised the connections between nature, art and society. He also made detailed sketches and paintings of rocks, plants, birds, landscapes, and architectural structures and ornamentation.

Ruskin first came to widespread attention with the first volume of "Modern Painters" (1843), an extended essay in defence of the work of J. M. W. Turner. He argued that the principal role of the artist is "truth to nature". From the 1850s he championed the Pre-Raphaelites who were influenced by his ideas. 

In 1869, Ruskin became the first Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Oxford, where he established the Ruskin School of Drawing. He founded the Guild of St George, an organisation that still exists.


Apatite

Apatite is a group of phosphate minerals with high concentrations of OH, F, Cl or ions, respectively, in the crystal.

Apatite is characteristic of biological systems. It is one of a few minerals produced and used by biological micro-environmental systems. It hardness defines 5 on the Mohs scale. Hydroxyapatite is the main component of tooth enamel and bone mineral.

Much bone material is in a relatively rare form of apatite. In this form most of the OH groups are absent, and there are many carbonate and acid phosphate substitutions.

Fluorapatite (or fluoroapatite) is more resistant to acid attack than is hydroxyapatite. In the mid-20th century it was discovered that communities whose water supply naturally contained fluorine had lower rates of dental caries. Fluoridated water allows exchange in the teeth of fluoride ions for hydroxyl groups in apatite. Similarly, toothpaste often includes a source of fluoride anions (e.g. sodium fluoride, sodium monofluorophosphate).

Diana Serra Cary

Diana Serra Cary (born Peggy-Jean Montgomery; October 29, 1918 – February 24, 2020), known as Baby Peggy, was an American silent movie actress, author, and historian. Cary was one of the last surviving actors from the silent movie era. She retired in 1938. She then wrote books about her career.

Cary was born on October 26, 1918 in Merced, California. She studied at Lawlor Professional School and at Fairfax High School. She was raised in San Diego, California. 

Cary was married to Gordon Ayres from 1938 until they divorced in 1948. Then she was married to Bob Cary from 1954 until his death in 2001. She has one son, Mark Cary. 

Cary died on February 24, 2020 in Gustine, California at the age of 101. 


Marie Osborne

Marie Osborne Yeats (born Helen Alice Myres; November 5, 1911 – November 11, 2010), was an American actress, credited as Baby Marie between 1914 and 1919.

Osborne was born on November 5, 1911 in Denver, Colorado. She was raised in Long Beach, California. Osborne was married to Frank J. Dempsey from 1931 until they divorced in 1936. They had one daughter, Joan. Then she was married to Murray F. Yates from 1945 until his death in 1975. Osborne died on November 11, 2010 in her home in San Clemente, California from natural causes, aged 99.


Jean Darling

Jean Darling (born Dorothy Jean LeVake; August 23, 1922 – September 4, 2015) was an American silent movie actress, singer, and writer. She was been in many movies when she was a child. She was one of the last surviving actors from the silent movie area. 

Darling was born on August 23, 1922 in Santa Monica, California. She was married to Reuben Bowen from 1954 until his death in 1980. They have a son, Roy Bowen. Darling lived in Dublin, Ireland where she writes many books about her career. She died on September 4, 2015 at her son's house in Rodgau, Germany at the age of 93.


Lupita Tovar

Lupita Tovar (July 27, 1910 – November 12, 2016) was a Mexican-American silent movie actress. She was known for her role in the 1931 Spanish version of "Dracula". 

Tovar was born on July 27, 1910 in Matías Romero, Oaxaca, Mexico. She began acting and was raised in Mexico City, Mexico. Tovar was married to Paul Kohner from 1932 until his death in 1988. They had a daughter, Susan Kohner.

Tovar died on November 12, 2016 at her home in Los Angeles, California of heart disease, aged 106.

Carla Laemmle

Rebecca Isabelle "Carla" Laemmle (October 20, 1909 – June 12, 2014) was an American silent movie actress. She was one of the last surviving and oldest actors from the silent movie era. Her best known roles was in "Dracula" (1931). She retired in 2012 at the age of 103. She was the niece of Carl Laemmle.

Laemmle was born on October 20, 1909 in Chicago, Illinois. She was of German Jewish ancestry.

Laemmle died from natural causes on June 12, 2014 in Los Angeles, California, aged 104.

Dear John (movie)

Dear John is a 2010 American war drama movie set in Charleston, South Carolina. It stars Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. The movie is about a soldier who falls in love with a college student called Savannah Lynn Curtis.

It is based on the novel of the same name.

Theodore Taylor

Theodore Taylor (June 23, 1921 – October 26, 2006) was an American author and singer. He wrote more than 50 books, but is mostly known for his Edgar Award-winning book "The Weirdo" and "The Cay".

Taylor was born on June 23, 1921 in Statesville, North Carolina. He was never married and had no children. Taylor died on October 26, 2006 in his home in Laguna Beach, California from a heart attack, aged 85.


Kunani

Kunani () is a city in Kohdasht County, Lorestan, Iran. There were 3,746 people living here in 2006.

Dazed and Confused

Dazed and Confused is a 1993 American comedy movie. It is about the lives of teenagers during their last days of high school in May 1976 in Austin, Texas. Milla Jovovich plays Michelle. Parker Posey plays Darla Marks. This movie was released on September 24, 1993 in the United States. It made only $7.9 million, though reviews were extremely positive thanks to its cult status.

Scrabble (game show)

Scrabble was a television game show that aired from 1984 to 1993. It was based on the "Scrabble" board game. It was hosted by Chuck Woolery. on July 2 1984-June 11 1993 After NBC on USA Network 1994 During Press Your Luck or Other 2 Slot Number or 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Letter A-Z Like Wheel of Fortune Hangman (1975) on March 1984-June 1993 Both in 1984 One March or July or Other Calendar Year Month Hosted Chuck Woolrey in 1973 Born Until December 25 1981 Finale

Two players competed. At the start, a computer image of the "Scrabble" board was shown. A letter would be given in the center space. The host told the players the number of letters in the word, and then read a clue to the word. The player would take two numbered tiles. These tiles were placed in a slot, giving the player two letters. The player would then choose a letter to place in the word. If the letter was in the word, it was placed into the word. The player then made a guess to the word or placed the other tile. If the player could not guess the word after placing the tile, they took two more tiles. Play continued until the player guessed the word (done by the player hitting their buzzer) or there was only one letter left in the word. If a correct guess was made, the player won the word. If an incorrect guess was made, play passed to the other player. Three words won the game. Two games were played with two different players.

Three of the letters were "Stoppers," a letter that was not in the word. If one of those letters were chosen, the player lost their turn.

Some of the letters were placed into blue and pink squares. If the player guessed the word after placing a letter into one of these squares, they won a bonus. A blue square was worth $500, while a pink square was worth $1,000 to Count Money

If all three stoppers were chosen, there was a 2-2 tie, or time was running short, Speedword was played. In Speedword, each letter in the word was revealed one at a time. The first player to buzz in with a correct guess won the word. 3 Stoopers 1 or 2

The two winning players of the main game played in the Scrabble Sprint. Here, the winners of the two games competed to guess four words in the fastest time. The four words were six, seven, eight, and nine letters long. The winner of the first game played first. For each word, the player was told the number of letters in the word, and then was given a clue. When the host said to start, the clock started counting up. The player was given two letters, and selected one to place in the word. When the player wanted to guess the word, they hit a buzzer and made their guess. If correct, they moved on to the next word. If incorrect, ten seconds was added to their time, and they had to play another word of the same length. Once the player guessed all four words, the clock stopped. This set the time for the second player to beat.

The second player played with the same four words. This time around, the clock counted down. If the second player got all four words within this time, the player won. If not, the first player won.

The winner of the Scrabble Sprint moved on to the Bonus Sprint. Here, the player had to get two words within ten seconds. The rules were the same as the Scrabble Sprint. If the player got both words, they won a jackpot that started at $5,000 and increased by $1,000 each day that it was not won.

"Scrabble" aired from 1984 to 1990 on NBC. It was later revived in 1993 on the same network.

Inverted roller coaster

Inverted Coaster ("sometimes known as Inverts by Coaster enthusiasts") is a roller coaster designed by Bolliger and Mabillard and was first conceived in 1992. Unlike the other coaster which above the track, This coaster sits you by the bottom of the track, making a flying sensation.

The inverted coaster was coined by the Swiss roller coaster designers Bolliger & Mabillard (B&M) In 1991/92. The first installation of the Inverts came at Six Flags Great America in 1992. Batman: The Ride opened to much fanfare and was "cloned" many times at other parks. The inverted coaster quickly became an favorite with custom designs installed nearly every year. The tallest and fastest inverted coaster is Wicked Twister at Cedar Point at 215 feet (66 m) tall and reaching speeds up to 72 miles per hour. Although, it was not built by B&M. The longest inverted coaster is Banshee at Kings Island which travels along 4,124 feet of track. 

Other roller coaster manufacturers followed in the footsteps of Bolliger & Mabillard and began working on their own inverted coaster designs, including Vekoma, Intamin (Which was the builders of Wicker Twister in 2002) and other smaller companies. Intamin has few designs classified as inverted coasters, although they do install inverted coaster trains on some of their launched designs. Vekoma

In recent years, Vekoma has become the first manufacturer to install a family-friendly inverted roller coaster.

The inversions usually include vertical loops, zero gravity rolls, Immelmann loops, cobra rolls, and corkscrews.

189 inverted roller coasters have been installed at various theme parks, some of which have been relocated. The following list is not exhaustive and only shows the most notable installations.

Will.i.am

William James Adams Jr. (born March 15, 1975), known professionally as will.i.am (pronounced "Will-I-am"), is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, actor, and record producer. He is best known as a founding and lead member of the musical group Black Eyed Peas.

As a solo artist, will.i.am has released four solo albums. His first album "Lost Change", was released in 2001 through Atlantic Records. His second album, "Must B 21", was released on September 23, 2003. The track "Go!" was regularly used as the theme for "NBA Live 2005" and "Madden NFL 2005". The third album, "Songs About Girls", was released on September 25, 2007. He released his fourth studio album, "#willpower", in 2013.

As a record producer, will.i.am has produced music with other artists. In collaborations and with the Black Eyed Peas, he has a total of 41 top-40 entries on the UK Singles Chart since 1998, and has sold 9.4 million singles in the UK.


Rachel Portman

Rachel Mary Berkeley Portman, OBE (born 11 December 1960) is a English composer, best known for composing music for movies. She was the first woman to win the Academy Award for Best Original Score



Salmon P. Chase

Salmon Portland Chase (January 13, 1808 – May 7, 1873) was an American politician and jurist who was U.S. Senator from Ohio and the 23rd Governor of Ohio; as U.S. Treasury Secretary under President Abraham Lincoln; and as the sixth Chief Justice of the United States. He was one of the most famous Republicans of his time.

Chase was born on January 13, 1808 in Cornish, New Hampshire. He was raised in Windsor, Vermont and Worthington, Ohio. He studied at Cincinnati College and in Dartmouth College. Chase was married to Katherine Garmiss from 1834 until they divorced. Then he was married to Eliza Ann Smith from 1839 until they divorced. Then he was married to Sarah Dunlop from 1846 until his death in 1873. He had six daughters. Chase died on May 7, 1873 in New York City, New York from an illness, aged 65.


America's Next Top Model (season 20)

America's Next Top Model", Cycle 20 (also known as America's Next Top Model: Guys & Girls") is the twentieth season of "America's Next Top Model". It is the fourteenth season to be shown on The CW. The season started in summer 2013. Tyra Banks, Kelly Cutrone, Bryanboy, and Rob Evans returned as judges on the show. Like in the previous cycle, the public votes on contestants.

It is the first season of "America's Next Top Model" to include more than fourteen contestants. It is also the first to have male contestants in the competition. Male contestants has happened previously in Spain's "Supermodelo 2008" and Bosnia and Herzegovina's "OBN Star Model".

The prizes for this cycle are:


"(ages stated are at time of contest)"

"casting episode"








"recap episode"






Conserved sequence

Conserved sequences are similar or identical sequences which occur in DNA, and cause sequences in RNA, proteins and carbohydrates.

These sequences occur across species. This shows that the sequences has been maintained in evolution despite speciation. The further back up the phylogenetic tree a particular conserved sequence occurs, the more highly conserved it is. Since sequence information is normally transmitted from parents to progeny by genes, a conserved sequence implies that there is a conserved gene.

Conservation of a sequence happens when mutations in a highly conserved region lead to non-viable life forms, that is, a form which is eliminated through natural selection. In other words, the product of the gene is vital to life, and its function is destroyed by almost all changes (mutations) to the sequence.

The basic theory, widely agreed, is that highly conserved DNA sequences must have functional value, though the role for many of these highly conserved non-coding DNA sequences is not known. One recent study that eliminated four highly conserved non-coding DNA sequences in mice yielded viable mice with no significant phenotypic differences; the authors described their findings as "unexpected". So there is clearly something here which is not understood.

Many regions of the DNA, including highly conserved DNA sequences, consist of repeated sequence elements. If only one of a set of a repeated sequences was removed, and the repetitions were not needed, then no difference would be seen in the mice. The paper did not report whether the eliminated sequences were repeated sequences.

Highly conserved proteins are often required for cells to work or divide. Conservation of protein sequences is shown by the presence of identical amino acid residues at analogous parts of proteins. Conservation of protein structures is indicated by the presence of functionally equivalent, though not necessarily identical, amino acid residues and structures between analogous parts of proteins.

Shown below is an amino acid sequence alignment between two human zinc finger proteins. Conserved amino acid sequences are marked by strings of formula_1 on the third line of the sequence alignment. As can be seen from this alignment, these two proteins contain a number of conserved amino acid sequences (represented by identical letters aligned between the two sequences).
The research field which studies the evolution and function of multigene families is called comparative genomics.

FAMAS

The FAMAS (Fusil d'Assaut de la Manufacture d'Armes de Saint-Étienne, in English "Assault Rifle from the Saint-Étienne Weapon Factory") is a bullpup-styled assault rifle designed and manufactured in France. It's the main assault rifle of the French Army, French Air Force, and French Navy since 1980. It was also sold for export.

Designed in 1973 FAMAS uses a 5.56mm NATO (.223) caliber cartridge. Muzzle velocity is between 925m/s and 960m/s following variants.



Militaries and polices of that countries uses FAMAS.

Sabbath (disambiguation)

Sabbath is a weekly day of rest or worship in Islam, Judaism, and Christianity:

It might also mean:

Substitution reaction

In chemistry, a substitution reaction happens when an atom or a group of atoms is replaced by a different one. Substitution reactions can be of many different types.

In organic chemistry, the main ones are nucleophilic substitution and electrophilic substitution. These take their names from electrophiles and nucleophiles. However, substitution reactions can also happen under other conditions. For example, photochemical reactions (reactions that use light instead of heat) are used to put halogens in a molecule. Another example is using free radicals. Choosing the correct solvent and temperature conditions is very important to make sure that the reaction happens. Sometimes an elimination reaction can happen instead.

The product of a substitution reaction is often called a substituted molecule. For example, phenol can be called a substituted benzene.

Joey Lauren Adams

Joey Lauren Adams (born January 9, 1968) is an American actress. She acts mostly in movies. She has a strong raspy voice. She acted in the comedies "Chasing Amy" (1997) and "Mallrats" (1995).

Adams was born in North Little Rock, Arkansas.

The American President

The American President is a 1995 romance-comedy movie. It was released in November 1995. The story is about political subjects and romance. Annette Bening and Michael Douglas play the main characters. Martin Sheen and Michael J. Fox also star. This romance-comedy grossed near $108 million in the box office, which was only a modest success, though it remained a favorite for cable and home video. The reviews on this were very positive. Rob Reiner directed the movie.

Daniel Geale

Daniel Geale (born 26 February 1981) is an Australian professional boxer. He won the Ocean Mastership and the Commonwealth Games.

He started to box as a pro in 2004. He won the International Boxing Organization title in 2007 against Gary Comer. He defended the title five times after he lost it against Anthony Mundine. After he won against the opponent middelweight champion Roman Karmazin, he fought against Sebastian Sylvester, who defended the International Boxing Federation title. Geale won the fight and combined the International Boxing Federation title and the World Boxing Association title after a fight against Felix Sturm. After that, he defended his title against Anthony Mundine, who had beaten him in 2009. He is the reigning Champion of the World Boxing Association (WBA) and the International Boxing Federation (IBF).


Empress of Japan

Japanese empresses or Empress of Japan means a . The term also mean the wife of the Emperor, or .

The wife of Naruhito is Empress Masako. She became the current Empress of Japan when her husband accepted his role as emperor.

There were eight female monarchs. In other words, there were six female emperors including two who reigned twice. 


The wife of an Japanese emperor is called empress in English, but her title in Japanese is a little different.

"Kōgō" is the title of a non-reigning empress consort. The title, still in use, is generally conferred on an emperor's wife who had given birth to the heir to the throne. The title was first awarded posthumously in 806 to the late mother of Emperor Heizei.

"Chūgū" was a term which evolved during the Heian period; and it came to be understood as the title of the empress. For a time, "chūgū" replaced "kōgō"; and then the titles became interchangeable.

The numbers of "kōgō" varied, but there was only one "Chūgū" at a time.

The title "kōtaigō" was given to the wife of an ex-emperor; and the title "tai-kōtaigō" came to be used by a dowager empress.

The Last of Us

The Last of Us is a third person survival horror action-adventure video game made by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It released for the PlayStation 3 on June 14, 2013 and a version of the game with updated graphics called "The Last of Us: Remastered" was released for the PlayStation 4 on July 29, 2014. This version also has a downloadable content called Left Behind. The story is about two people named Joel and Ellie trying to survive different dangers.

In 2013, there is an outbreak of a mutated Cordyceps fungus, which ruins the United States and the rest of the world. The fungus transforms its human hosts into aggressive, zombie-like creatures called the Infected. In the suburbs of Austin, Texas, a man named Joel escapes the city with his brother Tommy and daughter Sarah. However, just as they escape, Sarah is shot by a soldier and dies in Joel's arms.

Twenty years later, society has fallen apart because of the infection. Survivors live in quarantine zones, independent settlements, and nomadic groups, leaving buildings and homes deserted. Joel now works as a smuggler with his partner Tess in the quarantine zone in Boston, Massachusetts. They hunt down Robert, a black-market dealer, to recover a stolen weapons cache. Upon finding Robert, he tells Joel and Tess that he sold the weapons to a militia called the Fireflies, who are opposing the authorities. Tess then kills him. 

The leader of the Fireflies, Marlene, arrives. She then promises to double Joel and Tess's weapons in return for smuggling a teenage girl named Ellie to Fireflies hiding in the Massachusetts State House, which is located outside of the quarantine zone. As the night comes, Joel, Tess, and Ellie sneak out of the quarantine zone but are caught by a government patrol, which they defeat. It is here they learn that Ellie is infected, but she says she is immune because she became infected three weeks ago, while signs a person is infected take two days to appear. The three continue to head to their destination, fighting many infected along the way. When they arrive to the State House, they find that the Fireflies there have been killed. Tess reveals she has been bitten by an Infected, but sacrifices herself so Joel and Ellie could escape from soldiers. Joel decides to find Tommy, a former Firefly, in the hope that he can find the remaining Fireflies.

Joel and Ellie seek the help of Bill, a smuggler and survivalist who owes Joel a favor. Through Bill, they are able to get a car. Joel and Ellie then head to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where they are then attacked by bandits who destroy their car. Getting through the city, they meet two brothers named Henry and Sam, and the four escape the city. During the escape, Sam is bitten by an Infected, but keeps it hidden. Sam then transforms into an Infected, tries to attack Ellie, and is then shot by his brother Henry, only for him to take his own life afterwards. 

Later, in the fall, Joel and Ellie finally find Tommy in Jackson, Wyoming. Here, Tommy had built a settlement near a hydroelectric dam with his wife Maria. Joel decides to give Ellie with Tommy, but she finds out about this and talks to him about Sarah, which makes Joel change his mind and lets her stay with him. Tommy tells the two that the Fireflies are at the University of Eastern Colorado. When they arrive, there is nobody at the university, for the Fireflies have moved to Salt Lake City, Utah. However, when they try to leave, bandits attack the two, and Joel is badly hurt in the escape. 

During the winter, Ellie and Joel take shelter in the mountains. Joel is still wounded and is close to death, while Ellie take care of him. While looking for food, she meets David and James, two scavengers who offer medicine for food. David reveals the men that Joel and Ellie had killed at the university were part of his group, making her hostile against him. Later, she keeps David's men away from Joel, but is captured by them, where she is imprisoned. David offers to let her join his group, but she refuses and escapes, killing James. Joel, in the meanwhile, recovers from his injuries and looks for Ellie. However, she is trapped by David in a burning restaurant. David is then killed by Ellie with a machete just as Joel finds her, calming her before they escape.

Joel and Ellie finally arrive in Salt Lake City in the spring. While heading to the hospital where the Fireflies are, Ellie nearly drowns, and the two are captured by a Firefly soldier. Now in the hospital, Marlene tells Joel that Ellie is being prepared for surgery in the hope of getting a vaccine for the infection. However, since the infected part of Ellie's brain will needed to be removed, Ellie will die in the operation. Not wanting Ellie to die, Joel makes his way to the operating room, kills the head surgeon and escapes with Ellie. Just as he reaches the parking garage, Marlene stops him, but Joel kills her in order to prevent the Fireflies from following them. They drive back to Tommy's place, where Ellie awakens in the car. Joel tells Ellie the Fireflies had found people like her, in that they were immune, but did not create a cure and gave up. Just before they enter the settlement, Ellie reveals to Joel her survivor's guilt and asks Joel if what he told her was true, which he tells her it is.

The game got great reception, getting over 120 awards and receiving the title of 2013's game of the year. IGN rated the game 10 out of 10, along with many other national game raters, that all rated the game highest any game has ever received. During the first week, the game sold over 3.4 million copies, second only to Grand Theft Auto in sales records.
The Last of Us is the most awarded game of all time, winning over 200 game of the year awards. This game has applauded by the critics and took over than 50 complete numbers and the average of the numbers is 95 from 100.

The Last of Us is a third-person perspective game. The first characters of the game are Joel and Ellie. For most of the game, players control Joel, and Ellie is controlled by the game's Artificial Intelligence. Players also control Ellie and Sarah in a few parts of the game. In this game you can use different guns and other things which you find in the environment like knives to kill your enemies.

The game includes a multiplayer side, where the player can choose to be a Hunter or a Firefly, with the objective of completing twelve weeks (84 days/games) on each side. It comes with multiple different modes and maps.




Centre Pompidou

Centre Georges Pompidou is an art museum in Paris. It opened in 1977, and is named after Georges Pompidou, a former President of France. It houses the largest museum for modern art in Europe.


Swedish House Mafia

Swedish House Mafia is a Swedish electronic dance music trio. It was made up of three people: Axwell, Steve Angello and Sebastian Ingrosso. They are all DJs and producers. The band was formed in 2008.

Over the years, Swedish House Mafia published two albums and six singles. All of these have been very successful worldwide. Five of their singles reached the top ten in the UK music charts. They have worked with many other artists, like Tinie Tempah.

In 2012 the band said on their website that they would split up at the end of their 2012-2013 tour. The tour, named "One Last Tour," ended at the Ultra Music Festival in Miami, Florida. Their opening and closing sets were on March 15 and March 24, 2013.

Rude Boy

"Rude Boy" is a hit single sung by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It was released in February 2010. The song is from her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009). It combines dancehall and reggae. The song received mixed reviews. It spent five weeks at number one on "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. It also topped charts in Australia and Israel. It reached number two in the UK and number seven on the Canadian Hot 100. It peaked within the top ten of most international charts. Rihanna has most recently performed the song on her Anti World Tour.

On June 30, 2015, the Recording Industry Association of America certified the song quintuple-platinum for shipments and streams of over five million copies of the song across the US.

The music video for the song has received over 449 million views as of March 2018.

Applebee's

Applebee's is an American food company that develops, franchises and operates Applebee's Neighborhood Bar & Grill. There are over two thousand restaurants all across the United States, Puerto Rico and several outside countries. The concept of this company represents casual dining. Their food includes salads, shrimp, chicken, pasta, barbecue ribs and fish. The company is centered in Kansas City, Missouri. It was put into operation on November 19, 1980.

Empress Michiko

, formerly , is the wife of Japan's Emperor Emeritus Akihito. 
Michiko Shōda was born at University of Tokyo Hospital in Tokyo. She is the eldest daughter of Hidesaburo Shōda and Fumiko Soejima, president and later honorary chairman of Nisshin Flour Milling Company.

In 1957, she earned a BA degree at the University of the Sacred Heart, Tokyo.

Shōda married Crown Prince Akihito in 1959.
When she married, she became Crown Princess Michiko. She became Empress Michiko in 1989 when her husband became Emperor.

Empress Michiko is the mother of two sons and a daughter.

Titles and Styles 

20 October 1934-10 April 1959: Miss Michiko Shoda 

10 April 1959-7 January 1989: Her Imperial Highness The Crown Princess or Her Imperial Highness The Crown Princess Michiko 

7 January 1989-30 April 2019: Her Majesty The Empress of Japan 

1 May 2019-present Her Majesty The Empress Emerita 
In August 2019, it was revealed that she was diagnosed with early-stage breast cancer in July 2019. Empress Michiko had cancer surgery in September of the year.



Grappling

Grappling is making a move on an opponent in a martial art, combat or combat sport which does not involve striking or the use of a weapon. Some sports like sumo, wrestling or judo are solely about grappling.

Saint Joseph's University

Saint Joseph's University is a Jesuit university in Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1851.


Ignatius of Loyola

Saint Ignatius of Loyola (1491-1556) was a Spanish man. He started the Jesuit order in Catholicism. He is also known for his Spiritual Exercises.



Aud Tuten

Audley Kendrick Tuten (January 14, 1915 – May 7, 1994) was an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey player that played 39 games in the NHL for the Chicago Black Hawks.

Tuten also played with the Hershey B'ars/Bears of the EHL for 4 seasons as well as the Baltimore Orioles from the EHL for 1 season. He went on to play for both the Kansas City Greyhounds and Kansas City Americans of the AHA for 1 season each. He entered the NHL and played with the Black Hawks for 5 games before rejoining the Americans. He joined the Black Hawks again and played 34 games with them. He left the Black Hawks and went on to join the Minneapolis Millers of the USHL for 4 games, the Fort Worth Rangers of the USHL for 2 games and the Kansas City Pla-Mors of the USHL for 10 games before ending his playing career with Los Angeles-S.D. of the PCHL. He died on May 7, 1994.


Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers

Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers is a 1995 American horror movie. This was the first movie of Paul Rudd and the last movie of Donald Pleasence The movie was dedicated in his memory. The movie was directed by Joe Chappelle and produced by Moustapha Akkad. The movie was released on September 29, 1995.

The movie is about Michael Myers trying to kill the baby of his niece, who he just killed in the beginning. Dr. Samuel Loomis comes out of retirement to save Tommy Doyle and Kara Strode. The main villain of the movie was Dr. Terence Wynn who was the leader of an evil group. At the end of the movie Michael Myers escapes when he switched clothes with Dr. Wynn. Dr. Loomis was touched by Dr. Wynn and became the new leader of the group. This ending was in the producer's cut of the movie.


Münchausen syndrome

Münchausen syndrome (pronounced "MUNCH-house-in") is a mental illness in which a person repeatedly fakes disease, illness, or psychological trauma to get attention or sympathy from others. It is sometimes called factitious disorder imposed on self, hospital addiction syndrome, thick chart syndrome, or hospital hopper syndrome.

A related mental illness is Münchausen syndrome by proxy. People with this condition abuse another person, usually a child, in order to get sympathy or attention for themselves. For example, a parent might make their own child sick in order to get attention and sympathy from friends and medical professionals.

People with Münchausen syndrome exaggerate or create symptoms of mental or physical illness. Some people with Münchausen make up detailed stories about medical problems they have had, or they may fake symptoms. However, others may harm themselves in many different ways in order to make it seem like they are sick. For example, they might take laxatives to make it seem like they have diarrhea, or take blood-thinning medications to cause bleeding. They might inject themselves with bacteria so that they get an infection. They might cut or burn themselves in order to create wounds. Sometimes, after getting medical treatment, people with Münchausen also do things to slow down or prevent their recovery - for example, by ripping out stitches.

The goal of this behavior is to get treatment, attention, sympathy, and comfort from medical professionals. For a person with Münchausen, being a patient feels familiar and comfortable. This meets a deep psychological need that the person has.

There are several risk factors for Münchausen (things which make it more likely for a person to develop the condition). Münchausen is more common in people who:

A few different types of Münchausen syndrome have been identified. They include:

The Weeping Woman

The Weeping Woman is an iconic painting. It was painted by Pablo Picasso. It is an oil painting done on canvas. Picasso painted this after his break-up with his mistress, Dora Maar. After the breakup he always said she was weeping there for creating the term of "Weeping Woman". Pablo Picasso used his skill for geometric shapes and design in the painting. You can see multiple dimensions in this picture. Made in 1937 it shows how old Pablo Picasso would be now, though also how experienced he was then, being born in 1881. The level of experience it would take to be capable of such a level of geometric art work is surprisingly high considering there have been so many artists over the eras who have mastered it.

Larry Zeidel

Lazarus "Larry, Rock" Zeidel (June 1, 1928 – June 17, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played 5 seasons in the NHL as well as 12 seasons in the AHL.

Zeidel started his hockey career with the Barrie Flyers of the OHA for 28 games and then moved on to play with the Quebec Aces of the QSHL for 3 seasons. After that he played with the Saskatoon Quakers of the WCSHL and then the Detroit Red Wings of the NHL for 19 games before being sent to their AHL affiliate, Indianapolis Capitals for a season. He was called up to the Red Wings and played 9 games with them before he joined the Edmonton Flyers of the WHL and played 1 season with them. He played joined the Chicago Black Hawks of the NHL for 1 season and rejoined the Edmonton Flyers for 1 season. He would then play in the AHL with the Hershey Bears for 8 seasons and the Cleveland Barons for 1 season. He returned to the WHL to play with the Seattle Totems for 2 seasons and joined the Barons again for 2 seasons. He ended his playing career after playing with the Philadelphia Flyers for 2 seasons.

He won the Stanley Cup in 1952 during his time with the Detroit Red Wings.

Zeidel was Jewish and because of this antisemitic remarks were said to him during his playing career. His grandparents were killed in concentration camps by Nazis.

Zeidel suffered from dementia during his last years. He died in Pennsylvania from heart failure and renal failure, aged 86.


Charlie Brooker

Charlton "Charlie" Brooker (born 3 March 1971) is a British humourist, journalist, television presenter, screenwriter and producer. He is widely known for creating the Channel 4/Netflix science fiction series "Black Mirror" (2011–present). He has appeared in panel shows such as "Have I Got News For You". He has also hosted his own programmes such as "Screenwipe" and "You Have Been Watching". In 2017, he won two Primetime Emmy Awards for the "Black Mirror" episode "San Junipero". 

Brooker was born in Reading, Berkshire and grew up in Oxfordshire. He is married to television presenter Konnie Huq. They have two children.

Guru Dutt

Vasanth Kumar Shivashankar Padukone (9 July 1925 – 10 October 1964), known by many as Guru Dutt, was an Indian movie director, producer and actor.

Symbolism

Symbolism is the practice of representing things by symbols, or of investing things with a symbolic meaning or character. A symbol is an object, action, or idea that stands for something other than itself, often of a more abstract nature. Symbolism creates quality aspects that make literature like poetry and novels more meaningful.


John Hermansader

John Hermansader (1915–2005) was an American painter, graphic designer, and jazz fan. He is remembered for his iconic designs of Blue Note record covers.

John Bancroft Hermansader was born on November 1, 1915 near Reading, Pennsylvania. In the 1930s, he studied at the Memphis Academy of Art in Tennessee and the New Bauhaus in Chicago, Illinois. In New York City he studied with Robert Motherwell at the New School of Social Research.

In 1939, he and his wife Rosemary were founders of the Hot Club of Newark, New Jersey, a significant group of jazz enthusiasts. John became the first president.

In 1951, when Blue Note Records began issuing 10 inch records, Hermansader was one of their first designers, along with Paul Bacon and Gil Melle. Looking back at this era, Michael Cuscuna of Mosaic Records said, “ What John Hermansader and Paul Bacon really did was evoke the feeling of the music. They used everything from Bauhaus designs to things that were really otherworldly.” Angelynn Grant adds, “When people think of Blue Note covers they think of Frank Wolff”s photography and Reid Miles design. But John Hermansader laid the groundwork that got them going along that path.” Richard Cook, who wrote Blue Note Records: The Biography states, “Hermansader in particular balanced the twin issues of photography and type in a way that would mirror the concerns of the Blue Note of the years ahead.”

“John Hermansader was passionate about oil painting, “beautiful lyrical abstractions, full of color and movement.”5 He was an abstract expressionist painter who drew inspiration for his work from listening to jazz.”
His exhibitions included and the Gallery of Contemporary Art at Sunken Meadow, Long Island, 1951–58, Panoras Gallery 1956, Art USA 1958. His work is in the collection of Wake Forest (IL) College, and the Schwenkfelder Art Museum, PA, as well as private collections.



Citizen Ruth

Citizen Ruth is a 1996 comedy movie about pregnancy and abortion controversy. It was directed by Alexander Payne, and starring Laura Dern and Swoosie Kurtz.

Play Dead

"Play Dead" is a song by Björk. It was released in 1993. The song is a single in the soundtrack of the crime drama film "The Young Americans". The song was added as a bonus track to "Debut" when the album was released again in November 1993 four months after being first released. The single reached No.7 in the Swedish Singles Chart. Bjork wrote the song with Jah Wobble and David Arnold.

Udaijin

The position was established in the Taihō Code of 702. The official acted in the context of a Council of State ("daijō-kan") which was made up of the three men. 

The Taihō Code system was replaced in the Meiji period.


Sadaijin

The position was established in the Taihō Code of 702. The official acted in the context of a Council of State ("daijō-kan") which was made up of the three men. 

The Taihō Code system was replaced in the Meiji period.


Wodan Timbur Coaster

Wodan Timbur Coaster is a wooden roller coaster in Germany. It is in the Europa-Park in Rust, Baden-Württemberg. The coaster opened on March 31, 2012.

Wodan Timbur Coaster is in the "Iceland" section of the park that opened in 2009. It is the park's first wooden coaster. The coaster was built by Great Coasters International. They have built many coasters around the world. These include "Troy" at Toverland and "El Toro" at Freizeitpark Plohn. Wodan Timbur Coaster has three GCII Millennium Flyer trains. Each has polyurethane wheels instead of the normal steel wheels.

The coaster was named after the Germanic name of the Nordic god Odin. "Timbur" is the Islandic word for "wood". "Timbur Coaster" means "wooden coaster".

The theme of Wodan Timbur Coaster is Norse mythology. The waiting line for the ride uses a large amount of detailed parts. These include fire, mist and water effects. The goddess of death, Hel, is also used. She has a turning sand timer. In the ride station, statues watch the train leave. They also turn to watch the train return to the station. The ride has several dives into tunnels.

Dariusz Michalczewski

Dariusz Tomasz Michalczewski (May 5, 1968) better known as Tiger is a Polish boxer. He was World Boxing Organization, World Boxing Association, International Boxing Federation and Lineal champion in light heavyweight for nine years. He was undefeated for twelve years.

Michalczewski started his career in 1991. He won the World Boxing Association title against Leeonzer Barber, who was undefeated for 3 years. After that he combined the World Boxing Organization title and the Lineal title. He also won the Wold Boxing Organization title against Nestor Hipolito Giovannini in Cruiserweight. In 1996 he fought against Graciano Rochigani, who was one of the best Light Heavyweight boxer at this time. Michalchewski won at round 7. He combined the World Boxing Organization, World Boxing Association, International Boxing Federation and Lineal after a win against Virgil Hill, who was one of the world's best boxers at that time. In 2000 he fought the second time against Graciano Rocchigani. He won the fight in the tenth round by knockout. After the fight against Derrick Harmon, he needed one win to stop the record of Rocky Marciano, who was undefeated for 49 fights in a row. In his fortyninth fight, he fought in the Color Line Arena, Hamburg against Julio Cesar Gonzalez. Michalchewski wasn't trained and lost by split decision. In 2005 he made a comeback against the World Boxing Association Champion Fabrice Tiozzo. He lost the fight by knockout in round five. After that, he said that he never will fight again. In his best time, he counted with Roy Jones Junior as the best light heavyweight fighter of all time.

Suicidal ideation

Suicidal ideation is the medical terminology for thoughts of or preoccupation with killing yourself. It varies between fleeting thoughts and self-harm or making suicidal attempts. Most people who undergo suicidal ideation never really kill themselves, though some do. This condition is often triggered through being hopeless, depressed, anxiety, having panic attacks or strong remorse. It can also happen because of being abused, as a result of certain medications, due to bullying or feeling rejected.

PlayStation Move

PlayStation Move is a motion-sensing game controller platform by Sony Computer Entertainment which supports the PlayStation 3 and the PlayStation 4. The device uses a PlayStation Eye camera to record movements. It was released on September 15, 2010 in Europe and on September 17, 2010 in North America. Sony announced that the "PlayStation Move" had sold 15 million units.
in 2016 playstation made a return to the move with the release of the playstation vr and the move can be used to interact with the objects in the virtual world.

Daijō-daijin

The was a government position in Japan in the late Nara and Heian periods. 

The position was established in the Taihō Code of 702. The official acted in the context of a Council of State ("daijō-kan") which was made up of the three men. 

The Taihō Code system was replaced in the Meiji period. For a short time, this office continued to be part of early Meiji government.


Skra Bełchatów

KPS Skra Bełchatów SA is a volleyball club in Poland. The club started in 1930 as a football club. It began playing volleyball instead in 1957. The club plays in the Polish Volleyball League and they play in Bełchatów. Skra Bełchatów's owner is Polish company the Bełchatów Power Station. They won Polish championship in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2014 and Polish Cup in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2016.

Belling the Cat

Belling the Cat, also known as The Bell and the Cat or The Mice in Council is a story which has become a traditional part of European and Western culture.

The story may have come from Aesop. The earliest recorded versions are from the Middle Ages.

The story is about a group of mice who talk about what to do about a cat which threatens them. One wants to place a bell around the cat's neck. All agree. Then one mouse asks who will volunteer to put the bell on the cat? Not one stepped forward.

The story is about the difference between a good idea and what may be needed to convert an idea into action.

The story gives us the idiom "to bell the cat", which means to try an impossible or near-impossible task. In other words, it is easier said than done.

Crab louse

The crab louse or pubic louse is an insect, which is a parasite on humans. It is found most often in pubic hair, but also lives in other areas on the body with dense hair. It can be spread from one human to another by sexual intercourse, but also through garments, towels and besheets, for example in a hotel. Crab lice are still visible with the human eye, they are about 1.5-2mm in size. 

Note that head lice and Body lice are different species.

Vera Fischer

Vera Lúcia Fischer (born November 27, 1951 in Blumenau) is a Brazilian actress.


Giovanna Antonelli

Giovanna Antonelli (born March 18, 1976 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actress.

Antonelli is the daughter of Hilton Prado and Suely Antonelli. She has a brother named Leonardo Pietro Antonelli. She has a nephew named Gabriel. She married businessman Ricardo Medina on March 8, 2000. They separated in February 2002.

In late 2001, Antonelli started dating the actor Murilo Benício. He was her co-star in "O Clone". They married in 2002. Their son Pietro was born on May 24, 2005. Antonelli and Benício separated in 2005. Earlier, in 2004, during their first separation, she dated businessman Alexandre Accioly.

In 2005, Antonelli met the American entrepreneur Robert Locascio. On May 5, 2007, they married in Italy. The marriage lasted only four months.

In 2009, Antonelli broke up with businessman Arthur Fernandes after two years.

She began dating director Leonardo Nogueira. On October 8, 2010, gave birth to the twins Antônia and Sophia. She wants to have another child before reaching the age of 40.

Pauley Perrette

Pauley Perrette (born March 27, 1969) is an American actress and homosexual rights advocate. She acts mostly in television programs. She played Abigail Sciuto on the series "NCIS".

Perrette was born in Louisiana. She was raised in different regions of the United States.

Mehmed Orhan

Mehmed Orhan (11 July 1909 5/12 March 1994) was the 42nd head of the Ottoman dynasty. He succeeded as head of the dynasty on 9 December 1983, after the death of Ali Vâsib. If reigning, he would be Sultan Orhan VII.
He was born at Serencebey Palace or at Kisil Toprak, Turkey. He was the son of HIH Prince Şehzade Mehmed Abdul Kadir Efendi, Captain of the Ottoman Army, by second wife HH Mihriban Hanımefendi. The marriage was not recognised by the Imperial House. On his 13 birthday he was ceremoniously circumcised in the Dolmabahce Palace.
He died in Nice and was buried there.

In January 1933, Prince Mehmed Orhan married the Egyptian Princess HH Nafiye Yeghen Hanım Efendi. This marriage was annulled in 1947. In Paris in 1944, he got a Morganatic marriage with the French American Marguerite Irma Fournier. He had a daughter with his first wife and a stepson with his second wife. 


"Eligibility note: A male person born to parents who are not married to each other at the time of birth is not included in the line of succession and passes no rights to their descendants."

Mehmed Selim Orhan de Turquie was born before his parents married in 1944. At the time of his birth, his stepfather was not divorced by his first wife.

Marcos Alberto Alcalai- born in Brazil in 1962 Mehemed Orhan's only biological child born of a relationship with a divorced woman, legitimized in Turkey in 1992 was not deprived of the title of HIH Şehzade


College of the Holy Cross

College of the Holy Cross is a Jesuit university in Worcester, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1843.


Centaurus

Centaurus is a constellation in the southern hemisphere of the night sky. It is named after a centaur, which is a creature that is half man and half horse. The astronomer named Ptolemy listed Centaurus when he made a list of 48 constellations. Centaurus is also one of the 88 constellations that were made by the International Astronomical Union.

In the direction of Centaurus is the Shapley Supercluster or Shapl (SCl 124). This is the largest concentration of galaxies in our nearby universe.

Car chase

A car chase or vehicle pursuit is a type of chase. It is when police follow a car to stop it and catch the person driving it. It is a popular theme in movies and on reality television.


Elizabeth Gracen

Elizabeth Ward Gracen (3 April 1961) is a former Miss America Pageant winner and American actress who acted in movies and television programs before 2000. She was crowned Miss America 1982, and Miss Arkansas before that. Her acts included acting as Amanda in the TV show "Highlander: The Series". She was born near Ozark, Arkansas and graduated from Russellville High School in 1979. 

Gracen played roles in other films such as 
She also appeared in TV series such as
Recently in 2012, Gracen formed Flapper Films; a company that produces inspirational content.

Fremont, California

Fremont is a city in Alameda County, California, near San Francisco in the East Bay area. It is on the edge of Silicon Valley. As of 2020, 230,504 people lived in Fremont. Over three-fifths (60%) of the people are Asian-American.

Fremont has a large factory which opened in 1962. General Motors made cars and trucks there until 1982. In 1984, General Motors and Toyota opened the factory again together, as a company called NUMMI. Tesla, Inc. bought it in 2010.

Chevron Corporation

Chevron Corporation () is a large international energy company, based in San Ramon, California. It employs over 60,000 people. It is one of the six largest oil companies in the world.

In September 1879, the Pacific Coast Oil Company was created. They kept the name until 1906, when it merged with a Standard Oil subsidiary and became Standard Oil Company (California). Standard Oil of California and Gulf Oil merged in 1984, which became the largest merger in history at that time. The company would change its name to Chevron Corporation the same year. Chevron later merged with Texaco in 2001.


Symphony No. 41 (Mozart)

The Symphony No. 41 in C major, K. 551 is a work for orchestra. It was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1788. It is also called the Jupiter symphony. It is his last symphony. Michael Rodman writes in the "All Music Guide to Classical Music" that the first movement is "characterized in part by the dramatic and effective employment of unexpected pauses in the rhythmic flow through the use of rests, [and that] irregular and changing phrase length contribute ... to the dramatic impetus." He writes that the serene F major second movement is disrupted by "minor key episodes ... [and that] this light/dark conflict continues throughout". He points out that the gracefulness of the Minuet can be attributed to the flowing, even accompaniment and the "falling chromatic theme". The trio has an "earthier, more overtly dancelike mood", he writes, but is "interrupted by a suddenly more serious" outburst from the full orchestra. The contrapuntal fourth movement is filled with "great tension and dramatic impulse" that is resolved only in the final bars.


Clarinet Concerto (Mozart)

The Clarinet Concerto in A major, K. 622 is a work for clarinet and orchestra. It was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1791 for the clarinet expert Anton Stadler. Stadler first performed the concerto in Prague on 16 October 1791 on a basset clarinet. Mozart probably never heard this performance.


Concerto for Flute, Harp, and Orchestra

The Concerto for Flute, Harp, and Orchestra in C major, K. 299 is a piece of music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. It was written in 1778. It is one of only two true double concertos that Mozart wrote. It is the only piece of music that Mozart wrote for the harp.

Mozart was living in Paris at the time he wrote this concerto. He wrote it for the flute-playing Duke of and his harp-playing daughter Marie. Mozart never liked either instrument. The combination is a difficult one for duo. The work is pleasing and popular however. It is a favorite with harpists because there are so few concertos for harp. The Duke failed to pay Mozart for the concerto.

The orchestra is a group of strings, two oboes, and two horns. This small group makes the work suitable for an assembly room. The concerto is made of three movements. The opening movement is song-like. According to the "All Music Guide to Classical Music", this movement is distinguished by dialogue-like passages for the soloists. The second movement is "florid" with the soloists accompanied only by strings. The third movement "is a lively rondo with a veritable parade of attractive tunes."


Forward Kahuta

Forward Kahuta () is a small city in the Haveli District of Azad Kashmir. Until recently it was part of Bagh District; it is now the administrative headquarters of Haveli District.

Chevron

Chevron may mean:


Julia Duffy

Julia Margaret Duffy (née Hinds; born June 27, 1951 in St. Paul, Minnesota) is an American actress. She was born near Minneapolis, Minnesota.

She has acted in a number of television situation comedies. She played Penny Davis in the 1970s television soap opera "The Doctors". She played Stephanie in the 1980s sitcom "Newhart". She played Allison Sugarbaker in season 6 of "Designing Women". 

Patrouille de France

The (, "French Acrobatic Patrol"), also called the Patrouille de France or PAF, is the aerobatics demonstration team of the French Air Force. They fly Franco-German Alpha Jet training airplanes. The PAF's aircraft are painted in three colours: blue, white, and red. These are the same colors as on the flag of France.

The "Patrouille de France" was created in 1947. The name first appeared in print for a 1953 aerial show in French Algeria. At this time, the PAF flew American fighter jets, specifically F-84Gs. Later, the team flew Mystère IVs. In 1964, the Air Force did not have enough money in its budget to continue the Patrouille de France, and disbanded it. But the Minister of Defence decided to bring the team back in 1965 because he liked it. They then flew French training aircraft, Fouga CM-170 Magister. They kept flying Fouga CM-170 Magisters until 1980. Since then, the PAF have flown on an Alpha Jets.

"Patrouille de France" uses eight aircraft that all fly at the same time. A ninth reserve plane always stays on the ground, ready to take off. The call sign of pilots is "Athos" like the character from the famous book "The Three Musketeers". If all pilots have an important role, both the essential leader and his second, called "Charognard" (which is the French word for "scavenger") who present all the display.

A transport plane is always with the PAF for support. It is a twin-engine plane: Transall C.160 or Casa CN-235M.

Because they are seen as ambassadors of France, the PAF go on display all over the world. "Patrouille de France" often performs in military parade performed to celebrate Bastille Day. They fly over the Champs-Élysées on the morning of July 14. The aircraft unleash a plume of smoke lights. PAF often fly at the Paris Air Show, which is held at Le Bourget airport.


A* search algorithm

A* is a set of steps (an algorithm) that computers can use to figure out how to get somewhere fast between two places. If you have a list of locations, and how hard it is to get from one straight to the other, using A* can quickly tell you the fastest way. It's related to Dijkstra's algorithm, but makes smart guesses so that it doesn't spend as long trying slow ways. It's a good series of steps if you only want the path between two places. If you're going to ask for many paths from the same map, then there are faster ways, that find all the answers at once, like the Floyd–Warshall algorithm. A* will not work if you want to visit several places on one trip (the Travelling salesman problem).

For an example, we'll say A is connected to places B and C, and B and C are both connected to D and E. D and E are both connected to Z. There are 4 possible ways to go from A to Z. You can go A-B-D-Z, A-C-D-Z, A-B-E-Z, or A-C-E-Z. A computer using A* first looks at how hard it is to get from A to B, and from A to C. This is the "cost" for those places. The cost of a place means how hard it is to get from A to that place. After writing down both costs, the computer looks at how hard it is to get from B to D, and adds this to B's cost. It writes this down as D's cost. Then the computer looks at how hard it is to get from C to D, and adds this to C's cost. This is a different cost for D, and if it's less than the one it already has, it will replace the old one. The computer only wants to know the best path, so it ignores the path with the higher cost. It will only remember one of A-B-D and A-C-D, whichever is faster.

The computer goes on and finds the fastest way to get to E. Finally, it goes from D to Z, and finds a cost, and from E to Z and finds a cost. It gets a final cost for Z, and this is the smallest cost it can get. Now the computer knows which way is the fastest, and it has the answer. The computer can do a similar series of steps, but with many many more places. Each time, it will look at the place that's nearest to A, and will add up the costs to that place's neighbors.

People call the above series of steps Dijkstra's algorithm. Dijkstra's algorithm can be slow, because it will look at many places that might be going the wrong way from Z. If you asked the computer how to get from one city to a near one, Dijkstra's algorithm might end up looking in another state.

A* fixes this problem. A* lets you tell the computer a guess for how far it will be from each place to the end. The computer can use the guess to tell roughly how far it will take to get from a certain place to Z. Instead of just picking the place nearest to A to look at, it will look at the one which is probably going to have the lowest total. It finds this total by adding the cost to the expected distance left. This way, it can look only in the direction where things will probably get better. It's okay if the guess is not perfect, but even a simple bad guess can make the program go a lot faster. If you're trying to find a path between two places in the real world, a good guess is just the distance between them in a straight line. The real path over roads will be longer, but this lets the program guess it, and it won't go in the wrong direction.

In math or computer science literature, this guess is often a function of the place, and it is called a heuristic. Each place is a vertex, and each path between two places is an edge. These are words from graph theory.

A* is one algorithm in a big group of similar algorithms. These algorithms are all different ways of finding a path between two places, over certain paths between them. They are called path-finding algorithms. "Places" and "paths" aren't always real places, though. They can be abstract, and they can be a metaphor for something else. One example where it is a real place is trying to find a road trip on Google Maps or Mapquest. In this example, the paths are roads, and the places are houses or cities. A second example is sending information over the Internet. The information needs to go through many computers to get to the end. Many routers use A* to find the best way to send information across the Internet. Here, the paths are cables, and the places are computers. For a third example, where it's not literal, you want to make a certain chemical from the ingredients you have. Mixing some of these ingredients will produce new chemicals, and those can be mixed with each other. A path-finding algorithm could tell you which order to mix them in. Here, the paths are chemical reactions, the cost is how long the reaction takes to finish, and the places are the different chemicals you can make.

Dammam

Dammam ( "") is the capital of the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia. Dammam is the largest city in the Eastern Province. It is the fifth largest city in Saudi Arabia. It is part of the Dammam Metropolitan Area. It is an important commercial hub and port.

King Fahd International Airport (KFIA) is in the northwest of the city. Dammam's King Abdul Aziz Sea Port is the largest on the Persian Gulf. Its import-export traffic in the country is second to the Jeddah Seaport.

King Fahd International Airport

King Fahd International Airport , also known by the acronym KFIA, is a Saudi international airport near Dammam. It is the largest airport in the world in terms of area.

The airport is an airline hub for the national carrier, Saudia. 

Design started in 1976. The site master plan was created by architecture company Yamasaki & Associates and Boeing Aerosystems International. This plan was completed in 1977. Construction began in 1983. The airport opened for business in November 1999.

The airport's basic infrastructure was complete by the end of 1990. The General Authority of Civil Aviation of Saudi Arabia finally opened the new Dammam King Fahd International Airport on November 28, 1999 to commercial traffic. All airlines transferred their operations from Dhahran International Airport, which had been in use until then.

KFIA is northwest of Dammam. It serves the entire Eastern Region of Saudi Arabia and the growing urban complex made up of Dammam, Dhahran, Al Khobar, Qatif, Ras Tanura and Jubail with a total population of about 2 million.

The airport, in the Eastern Province of the country, is located between Qatif and Dammam, about away from Dammam. It is linked to population areas by two major roads. The northern exit links the airport with Qatif as a 4-lane highway. The southern exit links the Airport with Dammam as a 6-lane highway to King Fahd Road which is now considered as the main road to the airport. Abu Hadriyah Highway serves as the airport's eastern border while Dammam-Riyadh Highway serves as a southern border.

On the airport's southern border, Saudi Aramco occupies an area of 250 km² (97 mi²) which is used for oil drilling and transportation facilities.

The terminal has six stories, three of which are for passenger processing. The third level is for arrivals, the sixth level is for departures, and the fourth level is for boarding. There are two partial levels: the mezzanine service level and the mezzanine level (which is the uppermost level).

The passenger terminal’s total area is 327,000 m² (3,519,798 ft²). Approximately 247,500 m² (2,664,067 ft²) were built in the first phase, in addition to 11 fixed passenger boarding bridges serving 15 gates out of an original design capacity of 31 fixed boarding bridges.

The terminal has several customer counters of which 66 were allocated to Saudia (now shared with Nas Air), 44 to foreign airlines and the rest for Customs and Immigration.

The airport has several duty-free stores. There is also a separate area for shops specializing in the sale of gifts and all passenger related goods. This includes restaurants, cafeterias, and banks, and is on the arrivals level. Several ATMs and currency exchange shops are available in the departure and arrival areas. There is a multi-storey car park.

Smoking is not allowed in the airport. A fine of SR200 is collected breaking the rule. The airport has a smoking room in the Departure area.

The airport Mosque is built on the roof of the car park, in the middle of a landscaped area of 46,200 m² (497,292 ft²). The Mosque accommodates two thousand worshipers, access to it can be easily gained from the passenger terminal through two enclosed, air-conditioned bridges with moving belts, in addition to a third open bridge.

The Royal Terminal is reserved for the Saudi Royal Family, government , and official guests. The terminal was built on an area of 16,400 m² (176,528 ft²) and has four bridges connecting the terminal and aircraft. It is luxuriously furnished and decorated, and includes extensively landscaped exteriors and grounds. Despite its specialized purpose, the terminal is rarely used by the Royal Family, who generally prefer to utilize a similar special terminal at King Abdulaziz Air Base.

The airport has two parallel runways with a length of each, with taxiways parallel to the runways and a cross taxiway to connect the two runways. A distance of separates the two runways to facilitate simultaneous takeoff and landing operations. For more convenience and shorter taxiing durations, the east runway is usually used by Saudi Aramco while commercial airlines use the west one. Space has been set aside for the construction of a third parallel runway.

The airport is classified as Code E by ICAO. It is designed to accommodate large aircraft like Boeing 747-400 and A340-600. Although it may practically be possible for A380 to use the airport it is not recommended. For Airbus A380 or Boeing 747-8 it requires the airport to be Code F. Only the runways at Dammam Airport meet Code F requirements; the taxiways and gates do not. In May 2009, an Antonov 225 the world's largest aircraft landed at Dammam Airport from Ukraine whilst transporting equipment used for oil drilling and exploration to Tanzania for Schlumberger.

A road for ground support equipment runs along the western side of the central terminal. It is designed to allow access to aircraft and also to facilitate the movement of baggage vehicles from aircraft to baggage areas.

There are ten main Operations Services areas providing facilities for the operation of the airport.

The two-story air cargo building is constructed on an area of 39,500 m² (425,174 ft²) and has a capacity of 94,000 metric tons (103,617 tons) of incoming and outgoing cargo. The terminal’s design allows for transforming the operation system to a fully automatic system with multi-level racks and a container stacking system. When the air cargo facility becomes fully automatic, its capacity will be increased to 176,000 metric tons (194,007 tons) per year.

The control tower is 85.5 meters (281 feet) high. The height allows visibility of all parts of the airport operations area. Its total floor area is 7,960 m² (85,681 ft²), and it contains the following three main sections:

The total area of the car park is 176,752 m² (1,902,543 ft²), distributed among three covered floors. The parking area accommodates 4,930 cars. Cars enter the car park through a roadway that leads to the second floor. There is direct access to the passenger terminal from the parking on the first floor which lies under the access road with exits leading to the main roads. Parking charges are 1 Saudi Riyal per hour, which is a flat rate regardless how long you stay. There are no special long term parking rates.

Two open parking areas are available beside the rental car parking area to accommodate additional cars.

Saudi Aramco is responsible for supplying fuel and maintaining fuel installations. These include six large tanks with a capacity of 40,000 barrels each, in addition to pumping equipment, filters, loading stations, and the distribution valve network. Saudi Aramco operates regular flights for its personnel, which originate from Dammam to cover Haradh, Tanajib, Shaybah, Hawtah, Al Ahsa, Khurais, Riyadh, Jeddah and Yanbu, using Boeing 737 and Dash-8 equipment. The General Aviation terminal on the east side of Dammam airport is being used exclusively by Saudi Aramco. In addition, an advanced fleet of fuel tankers provides fuel services to all types of commercial aircraft.

This building is a 17,287 m² (186,075 ft²), single-story in-flight catering facility, capable of producing 8,000 aircraft meals a day plus 1,000 meals for staff and 300 for the Royal Pavilion kitchen.

King Fahd International Airport has its own plant nursery with a total area of which encompasses three greenhouses and of green fields. The nursery supplies the airport gardens and planted areas with trees and plants.

King Fahd International Airport consistently has over 2.5 million passengers per year and at present over 5 million passengers use the airport annually.

San Pedro Sula

San Pedro Sula is a city in Honduras. With 873,824 people in the main municipality, and 1,245,598 in its metro area (2010), it is the second largest city, after the capital Tegucigalpa. It is considered the industrial center of Honduras. It is the capital of the Cortés Department.

Before the arrival of the Spanish, the Sula Valley was home to approximately 50,000 native inhabitants. The area that is home to the modern city served as a local trade hub for the Mayan and Aztec civilizations. The Spanish conquest brought about a demographic collapse from which the native population would never recover.

On 27 June 1536, Don Pedro de Alvarado founded a Spanish town beside the Indian settlement of Choloma, with the name of Villa de Señor San Pedro de Puerto Caballos (modern San Pedro Sula). The new town had 35 Spanish citizens, and Alvarado allocated 200 of his slaves to help build the new town and work the surrounding fields. He sent out expeditions into outlying regions to secure the new town, extend the area of Spanish domination, and commandeer supplies. Alvarado annulled all encomienda rights established in the area under Andres de Cerezeda, and reassigned the villages to the citizens of San Pedro.

The new settlement barely survived the colonial period. In 1601, the Spanish government declared Santo Tomás as the official port for the Central American colonies; this move diverted exports from Puerto Cortés and resulted in an economic decline that would last through the 17th century. Additionally, San Pedro Sula was left exposed to raids by pirates and French, Dutch, and English mercenaries. By the mid-18th century, the Spanish government decided to build a number of coastal fortresses to curb English attacks. One of these fortresses, the Fortaleza de San Fernando, was built in Omoa, less than 50 miles from San Pedro Sula. The subsequent increase in trade supported an increase in population from 70 inhabitants in 1714 to 357 in 1789.

Post-independence San Pedro Sula remained an impoverished village, dependent on trade between Omoa and the country's interior. In 1875, Frank Frye, the American consul in the Bay Islands, reported a population of 1200. The city benefitted from the growth of the banana trade in the 1870s and 1880s and formed a close relationship with US-based shipper and railroad entrepreneur Samuel Zemurray's Cuyamel Fruit Company, and the construction of the Interoceanic Railroad between 1869 and 1874 which connected the city to the coast at Puerto Cortés. Zemurray worked closely with local elites who invested in subsidiary enterprises and thus shaped the way politically for Cuyamel to establish itself and pay very few taxes.

San Pedro Sula features has a tropical savanna climate ("Aw") under the Koppen Climate Classification, tending a tropical monsoon climate ("Am") slight influences ;with a dry season spanning from April through May and a wet season covering the remaining ten months. The city experiences relatively high temperatures year-round and some rainfall. San Pedro Sula has experienced hurricanes and tropical storms and is prone to them during the hurricane season usually when the storms form in the southern part of the Caribbean or Western Africa.

San Pedro Sula, as most cities built under the Spanish colonial period, is divided in quadrants.
Avenues in the city run from north to south and streets run from east to west. First Street and First Avenue mark the "center of the city" and effectively divide it into four major quadrants NW, NE, SW and SE.
Barrio El Benque, the business district, is just to the west and south of the center, and other neighborhoods in the suroeste include Barrio Paz Barahona, Barrio La Guardia, Colonia Altamira, Colonia Mesetas, Barrio Río de Piedras, Barrio Suyapa (from 12 Avenida S out to Avenida Circunvalación, from 7 Calle S to 10 Calles S), Colonia Hernandez, Barrio Prado Alto, and Colonia El Chamelecón. The latter includes area from 23 Avenida S west to 27 Avenida S, from 1 Calle (named Bulevar Los Próceres there) south to 5 Calle S0. To the south of Colonia El Chamelecón are Colonia Dubón, Colonia Figueroa, Colonia Trejo (from 10 Calle S to 12 Calle S, from about Avenida Circunvalación to 25 Avenida S, including the Consulate of Nicaragua), Colonia Altamira, and Colonia Altiplano. Colonia Las Mesetas runs from 12 Calle S to 14 Calle S, from 21 Avenida A (S) to past 24 Avenida S.

Barrio Guamilito is just to the west and north of the center. Noroeste neighborhoods include Colonia Moderna (from 1 Calle to 5 Calle NO, from Avendia Circunvalación to the river beyond 24 Avenida), Colonia La Mora (from 5 Calle NO to 7 Calle NO, from Avendia Circunvalación to the río beyond 24 Avenida), Colonia Zeron, the Colonia Columbia by the Universidad de San Pedro Sula, Barrio La Cervecería and Barrio Guadalupe. Across the river along which 24 Avenida runs is Colonia Juan Lindo and Colonia Jardines Del Valle.

From the river past 24 Avenida, north to 25 Calle and west to 12 Avenida, is Colonia Universidad. Universidad de San Pedro Sula is to its south, across the river. West of Colonia Universidad is Colonia Country, a small neighborhood including the Academia Americana, and Colonia Villas del Sol, which runs from Boulevard Mackey west to include Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Honduras en el Valle de Sula, and goes north to Río Bermejo but does not cross it.

Just past the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de Honduras en el Valle de Sula, and spanning the Río Bermejo, is Colonia El Pedregal, which has residential high-rises.

Further out, north across the Río Bermejo, running to the edge of the city, and with calles (streets) renumbering from 1 up, are Colonia Los Alpes and Rancho El Coco and Residencial Los Cedros and Colonia La Tara.

Far to the north is Colonia Fesitranh.
Barrio Las Acacias is just to the north of center. Nor-Este neighborhoods include Barrio San Cristobal, Villa Florencia, Colonia Ideal, Barrio Morazán, Colonia Modelo, and further out Colonia Bográn, Colonia El Carmen, and Colonia Los Laureles.
Includes the road to the airport, Aeropuerto Internacional Ramon Villeda Morales and to the city of La Lima. Southeast neighborhoods include Barrio Medina (11 Calle SE to Avenida Juan Pablo II, 4 Avenida SO to 10 Avenida SE), Colonia La Aurora (defined by 7 Calle SE to 10 Calle SE, and 14 Avenida SE to Segundo Anilo, approximately where 18 Avenida would be), Barrio Cabañas, Barrio La Navidad, San Pedro, Barrio Las Palmas, Barrio San Luís, Colonia La Unión, Barrio La Paz. Farther out: Colonia Rivera Hernández, San Cristobal.

Microfinance

Microfinance is the idea to provide services banks and insurance companies provide to those people who usually are not served by such businesses. It is an important form of development aid. Serving these people is usually very expensive for banks and insurance companies; that is why they usually do not do it. Speciaized NGOs like Oikocredit provide these services:


As an example, microfinance allows people in underdeveloped countries to start their own businesses for their family.

Spokane County, Washington

Spokane county is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. Its county seat is Spokane, Washington. As of 2020, 539,339 people live in the county. The county has 1,764 square miles, or 4,569 square kilometers, of land, and it was organized in 1858.

Grimm (TV series)

Grimm is an American television series that started on the NBC television network on October 28, 2011.

Symphony No. 3 (Beethoven)

The Symphony No. 3 in E flat major ("Eroica"), Op. 55 is a work for orchestra. It was written in 1803 by Ludwig van Beethoven. It was completed in 1804, and premiered on 7 April 1805 at the Theater an der Wien. Beethoven did not want the symphony to be about Napoleon, but he did want to dedicate it to him. When Beethoven learned Napoleon had declared himself Emperor, he tore the dedication page in pieces. The symphony was published in 1806 with the subtitle "Eroica" (Heroic). The symphony has four movements (parts).
The first movement has a tempo of Allegro, which is moderately fast. It is in time, and it uses sonata form. It starts with two loud E-flat major chords. Then, the first main melody of the movement is played by the cellos. After a few minutes, the second main melody is played in B-flat major.


Symphony No. 4 (Mendelssohn)

The Symphony No. 4 in A major, Op. 90 is an orchestral work by Felix Mendelssohn. He gave the nickname Italian to the symphony. It premiered in London on 13 March 1833.


Songs Without Words

Songs Without Words is a collection of short piano pieces by Felix Mendelssohn. The collection was published in eight books of six "songs" each between 1829 and 1845. These pieces are suitable for amateur pianists of varying abilities. A few were given titles by Mendelssohn and his publishers: "Venetian Boat Song", "Duetto", "Folk Song", "Spring Song", "Hunting Song", etc.


Claire Dodd

Dorothy Arlene "Claire" Dodd (December 29, 1911 – November 23, 1973) was an American actress. She acted in several movies. She played secretary Della Street in "The Case of the Curious Bride" and "The Case of the Velvet Claws".

Dodd was born in central Iowa. She died from cancer in Beverly Hills, California.

DK Bongos

The DK Bongos are a special bongo-like controller that can be used in some "Donkey Kong" games for Nintendo GameCube. The bongos are shaped like the ones seen in the "Donkey Kong" games. The controller has a built-in microphone to detect clapping. It was introduced in the music video game "Donkey Konga".

The DK Bongos are seen in various games from the "Super Smash Bros." series. They are a part of Donkey Kong's "Final Smash" attack (a powerful attack that can be used to kill opponents easily).


Donkey Konga

Donkey Konga is a rhythm video game for the Nintendo GameCube. It was created by Namco and published by Nintendo. It was released in Japan on December 12, 2003, in North America on September 27, 2004, and in Europe on October 15, 2004. It is played with the DK Bongos, a controller that looks like two bongo drums. Two sequels, "Donkey Konga 2" and "Donkey Konga 3", were made. "Donkey Konga 3" was only released in Japan.

The Japanese, European, and American versions all have different song lists. There are 32 songs in the Japanese version, 31 songs in the European version, and 33 songs in the American version. Music from Nintendo game series such as "Super Mario Bros." and "The Legend of Zelda" are included.

Eat Bulaga!

Eat Bulaga! formerly Eat... Bulaga!, is a Philippine television variety show broadcast by GMA Network. It is the longest running variety show in the Philippines, with over 13,000 episodes. Originally hosted by Tito Sotto, Vic Sotto, Joey de Leon, Chiqui Hollman and Richie D'Horsie, it premiered on Radio Philippines Network on July 30, 1979. The show was originally produced by Production Specialists, Inc., until TAPE Inc. took over its production on July 7, 1981.

On March 9, 2020, APT Studios we're suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 


Tito Sotto

Vicente "Tito" Castelo Sotto III (born August 24, 1948) is an actor, TV host and a politician in the Philippines.

Sotto was vice mayor of Quezon City, Philippines from 1988 to 1992. He was also in the Philippines' Senate for two terms from 1992 to 2004. In 2010, he was reelected in the Senate.

He was a host of "Eat Bulaga!".

On May 21, 2018, he became the 29th President of the Senate of the Philippines, replacing Koko Pimentel.

Sotto was a candidate for Vice President of the Philippines in the 2022 election.

Sotto was born on 24 August 1948. His parents were Marcelino Ojeda Sotto and Dr. Herminia Castelo Sotto. He studied at the Colegio de San Juan de Letran in Intramuros, Manila. He earned there a Bachelor of Arts degree majoring in English. 

Senate of the Philippines

The Senate of the Philippines (Filipino: "Senado ng Pilipinas", also "Mataas na Kapulungan ng Pilipinas" or "upper chamber") is the upper house of the bicameral legislature of the Philippines, the Congress; the House of Representatives is the lower house. 

The Senate is made of 24 senators who are elected at-large with the country as one district under plurality-at-large voting.

The Senate shall elect its President and the House of Representatives its Speaker by a vote of all its respective members.


Wheel 2000

Wheel 2000 (full title Wheel of Fortune 2000) was a children's' television game show. It aired on Saturday mornings on NBC from September 13, 1997 to February 7, 1998. It was a spin-off of the television game show "Wheel of Fortune". It was hosted by David Sidoni.

Gameplay was the same as the adult version of "Wheel of Fortune", with some differences. Instead of money, players played for points. Winning a round earned the player a prize. Players picked from three categories at the start of a round. A new category replaced the one picked in the next round. Other things included:

After a puzzle, a video clip about the puzzle was shown.

The winning player chose one of two prize packages, labeled "A" and "B." A puzzle was given, and all instances of the letters R, S, T, L, N, and E were shown. The player then picked three more consonants and a vowel. Solving the puzzle correctly in 10 seconds won the player the prize package.

Claire Windsor

Claire Windsor (14 April 1892 – 24 October 1972) was an American actress who acted primarily in movies in the silent era. Her career lasted close to 27 years, although she made many very notable movies in her career. Windsor was born in Kansas. She died of a heart attack in Los Angeles, California at age 80.

1948 United States presidential election

The 1948 United States presidential election happened on November 2, 1948. This election was between Harry S. Truman (president at that time) and Thomas E. Dewey (the Governor of New York). Truman won by 303 electoral votes. Dewey got 189 electoral votes. Thurmond got 39 electoral votes including a faithless elector in Tennessee.

This election is best known as an upset because of the election results. Predictions showed that Dewey would beat Truman at the polls. For example, a newspaper in Chicago printed an issue in advance which said that Dewey had won the election. However, Truman won the election instead.

Republican candidates:
Democratic candidates:

Lamar, Missouri

Lamar is a city and county seat of Barton County, Missouri, United States. It is well known as the birthplace of President Harry S. Truman. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 4,266.

Violin Concerto (Mendelssohn)

The Violin Concerto in E minor, Op. 64 is a work for orchestra and solo violin by Felix Mendelssohn. He completed the concerto in 1844. It was written for Leipzig concertmaster Ferdinand David. The sonata rondo finale is written in E major. The concerto is a pillar of the classical repertoire.


Piano Concerto No. 5 (Beethoven)

The Piano Concerto No. 5 in E flat major ("Emperor"), Op. 73 is a piece of music for piano and orchestra by Ludwig van Beethoven. It was written in 1809, and was first performed in Leipzig in November 1811. It is the last of Beethoven's concertos.

Beethoven's growing deafness made it impossible for him to play the first performance. It was played by Friedrich Schneider. The work is written on a grand scale with themes that are martial at times, and at other times intimate and personal.


Piano Sonata No. 14 (Beethoven)

The Piano Sonata No. 14 in C-sharp minor ""Quasi una fantasia", Op. 27, No. 2, popularly known as the Moonlight Sonata", is a piano sonata by Ludwig van Beethoven. Completed in 1801 and dedicated in 1802 to his student, Countess Giulietta Guicciardi, it is one of Beethoven's most popular musical compositions for the piano.

The first edition of the score has "Sonata quasi una fantasia" written as the heading, a title this work shares with its companion piece, Op. 27, No. 1. Grove Music Online translates the Italian title as "sonata in the manner of a fantasy".

The name "Moonlight Sonata" started to become in use after the comments made by German music critic and poet Ludwig Rellstab about what the music reminded him of. In 1832, five years after Beethoven's death, Rellstab imagined the effect of the first movement like a moonlight shining above Lake Lucerne. Many agreed to this idea, and within ten years, the name "Moonlight Sonata" (""Mondscheinsonate"" in German) was being used in German and English publications. Later in the 19th century, it could be said that the sonata was "universally known" by that name.

Many critics have disagreed to the subjective, Romantic nature of the title "Moonlight", which has often been called "a misleading approach to a movement with almost the character of a funeral march" and "absurd". Other critics have approved of the nickname, finding it memorable or similar to their own connections with the work. "Gramophone" founder Compton Mackenzie found the title "harmless", saying that "it is silly for austure critics to work themselves up into a state of almost hysterical rage with poor Rellstab", and adding, "what these austere critics fail to grasp is that unless the general public had responded to the suggestion of moonlight in this music Rellstab's remark would long ago have been forgotten."

Although there is no direct reason as to why Beethoven decided to title both the Op. 27 works as "Sonata quasi una fantasia", it may be important that the layout of the present work does not follow the traditional movement arrangement in the Classical period of fast-slow-[fast]-fast. Instead, the sonata has an end-weighted path, with the faster more technically complex music saved until the third movement. In his analysis, German critic Paul Bekker says that "The opening sonata-allegro movement gave the work a definite character from the beginning... which succeeding movements could supplement but not change. Beethoven rebelled against this determinative quality in the first movement. He wanted a prelude, an introduction, not a proposition.”

The sonata consists of three movements:





Denis Napthine

Denis Vincent Napthine (born 6 March 1952) is an Australian politician for the Liberal Party in the state of Victoria. He is a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly, representing the electoral district of South-West Coast. Following the resignation of Ted Baillieu, he was elected leader of the Parliamentary Liberal Party on 6 March 2013 and was sworn in as the 47th Premier of Victoria later the same day. On 29 November 2014, at the Victorian state election, the Coalition was defeated by Labor and Napthine conceded defeat and his term as Premier ended on 4 December 2014 when the new Labor government was sworn in and he resigned as Liberal leader and was succeeded in the Liberal leadership by Matthew Guy.

One of Napthine's ancestors is the renowned convict, Joseph Potaski. Before entering political life he was a veterinarian, undertaking a Bachelor's and then a Master's Degree in Veterinary Science, both from the University of Melbourne, and later gaining a Master's Degree in Business Administration, from Deakin University.

Napthine was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly in 1988 as Member for the country seat of Portland, as the electorate was then known. He was re-elected in 1992, 1996 and 1999. The electorate of Portland was abolished in the 2002 redivision. Napthine was then elected MLA for South-West Coast in the November 2002 election. He was re-elected in November 2006 with an increased margin.

He was appointed as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Health in 1992 and then promoted to Minister for Youth and Community Services in 1996 in Jeff Kennett's Liberal government, a position he held from 1996 to 1999.

Following the defeat of the Liberal Party at the 1999 election, Kennett resigned as Liberal leader, and Napthine was a surprise choice to take his place. Napthine had briefly served as Deputy Liberal Leader having been elected to the position just shortly before Kennett stood down as Liberal Leader. During his term as Opposition Leader the Liberal-National coalition split, fracturing the opposition parties.

Under Napthine's leadership, the Liberal Party did poorly in the polls and did not make any significant electoral inroads on the ruling Labor Government. Shortly before the 2002 state election, Doyle challenged Napthine for the leadership of the Liberal Party. Doyle won the leadership by a narrow margin, but went on to lead the party to its worst electoral defeat ever, in which Napthine nearly lost his seat.

After the Liberals won the 2010 Victorian election, Napthine was made a member of Ted Baillieu's cabinet. He served as the Minister for Ports, Racing, Regional Cities and Major Projects.


Constraint

Constraint may refer to:





Amrapur

Amrapur is a small village in Jamnagar, Gujarat, India.
The road to it is from Kalavad to Ranuja, Dhutarpur, Summary, Kharavedha, Amrapur.

Amrapur is surrounded on three sides by a dam.

Most people there are farmers. Some of them are connected with animal husbandry.

Mr Vijaybhai Borsadiya is currently surpanch of the village‍.



Ta'if

Taif or Ta'if (, ) is a city in the Mecca Province of Saudi Arabia at a height of on the slopes of the Sarawat Mountains (Al-Sarawat Mountains). It has a population of 521,273 (2004 census). Each summer the Saudi Government moves from the heat of Riyadh to Ta'if. The city is the centre of an agricultural area known for its grapes, roses and honey.

The inhabitants of Ta'if, are largely made up of the Saudis. There are also significant foreigners from Asia, Turkey, and other Arab countries.

In the 6th century the city of Tā'if was ruled by the Banu Thaqif tribe.

The town is about southeast of Mecca. The walled city was a pagan religious centre. It housed the idol of the goddess al-lāt, who was then known as "the lady of Tā'if." Its climate was different from its dry and barren areas closer to the Red Sea. Wheat, vines, and fruit were grown around Tā'if. The city earned its title "the Garden of the Hejaz."

Both Ta'if and Mecca were resorts of pilgrimage. The people of Ta'if had close trade relations with the people of Mecca. The people of Ta'if carried on agriculture and fruit‑growing in addition to their trade activities.

During the Year of the Elephant, the city was involved in several events.

In 630, the Battle of Hunayn took place at Hunayn, close to this city. Shortly after that, the failed Siege of Ta'if took place. The city was attacked by Banu Daws, but it survived and repelled the attacks. The Battle of Tabouk in 631 left Tā'if completely saperated from the other ares so members of Thaqīf arrived in Mecca to negotiate the conversion of the city to Islam. The idol of al-lāt and other signs of the city's previously pagan past were destroyed.

On 17 July 1517 the Sharif of Mecca gave away Ta'if to the Ottoman Sultan Selim I. As a sign of this, he surrendered to him the keys of the Islamic cities of Mecca and Medina. As part of the Hejaz, Ta'if was also given over to Ottoman control.
The city remained Ottoman for a further three centuries, until in 1802 it was retaken by Saudi revolt, who were in alliance with the House of Saud. These forces then continued to take Mecca and Medina. The loss was keenly felt by the Ottoman Empire, which viewed itself as the protector of the Holy Cities. The Ottoman Sultan, Mahmud II, called upon his nominal Viceroy in Egypt Muhammad Ali, who launched an attack on the Hejaz and reconquered Ta'if in 1813.

In 1813, the Swiss traveller and orientalist Johann Ludwig Burckhardt visited Ta'if. He has left an eyewitness account on the city just after it was taken back by the Muhammad Ali, with whom he obtained several interviews while he was there. According to Burckhardt, the wall and ditch around the city had been built by Othman el Medhayfe. There were three gates and several towers on the city walls, which, however, were weak, being in some places only thick. The castle had been built by Sharif Ghalib. He also noted the destruction of the city caused by the conquest of 1802. Most of the buildings were still in ruin while he was there and the tomb of Abdullah ibn Abbas – cousin of Muhammad and ancestor of the Abbasid Caliphate – had been severely damaged. He also recorded that the population of the city was still mostly Thaqīf. In terms of trade, the city was an trading post for coffee.

The castle and military barracks in Ta'if were repaired by the Ottomans in 1843, a "Hükümet Konağı" – mansion for government business – was built in 1869, and a post office was established sometime later.

Prior to the Arab Revolt, Ahmed Bey had been made the commander of Ottoman forces in Tā'if. He had under him a force of 3,000 soldiers and 10 guns of the mountain artillery. Ghalib Pasha, the governor of the Hejaz was also present in the city. In 1916, the Hashemites launched their revolt against the Ottoman Empire in Mecca in June. The city had fallen and then in July, Abdullah, the eldest son of the Hashemite leader and Sharif of Mecca Husayn ibn Ali, was sent with seventy men to Tā'if. While his activities in the area aroused the suspicion of Ahmed Bey, Ghalib Pasha was unconcerned by a so small force. Abdullah secretly built up his army to 5,000 men. He then cut the telegraph wires to the city and then went on the attack. All Hashemite attacks on the city were repelled by the mountain guns, and both sides settled down to an uneasy siege. However, Hashemite guns were slowly brought up to Tā'if, and then the city held out a little longer; it finally surrendered on 22 September. The city thus later became a part of the self-proclaimed Hashemite Kingdom of Hejaz.

Ta'if did not remain in Hashemite hands for very long time. Tensions between the King of the Hejaz, Husayn ibn Ali, and Abdulaziz al-Saud, Sultan of Nejd, soon broke out into violence. Although hostilities were temporarily patched up in 1919, by September 1924 the then Saudi-sponsored Ikhwan under the leadership of Sultan bin Bajad and Khaled bin Luwai was ready to attack Ta'if. The city was supposed to have been defended by the king's son, Ali, but he fled in panic with his troops. 300 of them were slain by the Ikhwan. In 1926 Abdulaziz al-Saud was officially recognized as the new king of Hejaz. Ta'if remained a part of the Kingdom of Hejaz until Abdulaziz al-Saud unified his two kingdoms into one under the title of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 1932. The king himself was later to die in the city on 9 November 1953.

Ta'if was still little more than a medieval city when the Saudis took control of it. However, they later stared to modernize the city. Saudi Arabia's first public power generator was set up in Ta'if in the late 1940s. In terms of building roads to the city, in 1965 the then King Faisal inaugurated the mountain highway between Mecca and Ta'if, and in 1974 the 400 mile Ta'if-Abha-Jizan highway was started.


Taif has a hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification "BWh"), with hot summers and mild winters. Temperatures are not as hot in summer as for lower-lying regions of Saudi Arabia. Rain is low, but all months see some rain, with more rain in spring and late autumn than in other months.

Bani Hareth is one of the Adnani Arabs tribes living around Taif in Saudi Arabia. The tribe is one of the biggest tribes in the area and occupies the full area between Taif and Al Qunfuthah in Saudi.
Bani Adwan is one of the Adnani Arabs tribes living originally in the northern part of Taif, and in the southern part of Jordan. (in Arabic) is a figure of the tribe In the pre-Islamic era, in which he's known as a poet and a man of wisdom.Furthermore, Banu Thabet are people descended from Thabit. The tribe is originally part of Otaibah clan.




Loch Morar

Loch Morar is a lake in Scotland. It is 310 metres deep, which makes it the deepest fresh water lake in Britain, and the third deepest in Europe.

Clark County, Wisconsin

Clark County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 34,659 people lived there. Its county seat is Neillsville.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of . It has of land. Water covers (0.28%) of the county.

As of the census of 2000, the county had 33,557 people living there. There were 12,047 households and 8,673 families living in the county. The population density was 28 people per square mile (11/km²). Clark County had 13,531 housing units. There were, on average, about 11 housing units per square mile (4/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 98.05% White, 0.13% Black or African American, 0.48% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.56% from other races, and 0.47% from two or more races. 1.20% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 54.0% were of German, 9.0% Polish, 6.2% Norwegian and 6.1% United States or American ancestry according to Census 2000. 6.62% said that they spoke German, Pennsylvania German, or Dutch at home. 1.34% said that they spoke Spanish.




Violin Concerto (Brahms)

The Violin Concerto in D major, Op. 77 is a work for orchestra and solo violin by Johannes Brahms. He completed the concerto in the summer of 1878. It was written for Joseph Joachim. The concerto premiered in Leipzig on 1 January 1879.


Fairview Alpha, Louisiana

Fairview Alpha is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches and Red River Parishes in the state of Louisiana. At one time, it was known as Messick and Alpha. Fairview Alpha was founded in 1912.

According to the USGS, Fairview Alpha was "originally named Messick for a family that owned a store here, however, when the Alpha School (Natchitoches Parish) and Fairview School (Red River Parish) were combined in 1912, the new name came into use".





Neillsville, Wisconsin

Neillsville is a city in Clark County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, 2,463 people lived there. Meillsville is the county seat of Clark County.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.

The Ojibwa were the earliest known people to live in the Neillsville area.

The first European settlers in the area were James O'Neill and his party. They moved to the area around 1845. The group was looking for a place to build a sawmill on the Black River. The city was named O’Neill’s Mill after James O'Neill. O'Neill Creek, which runs through the center of the city, was also named for him.

In 1854, O’Neill’s Mill was made the county seat of Clark County.

Neillsville was platted on April 14, 1855 and incorporated in April 1882.

Neillsville is where well known architect William L. Steele died. Poor health made Steele retire from architecture in late 1946. He left his oldest son William L. Steele, Jr. and partner Josiah D. Sandham in charge of the business. Steele moved to Neillsville to live with one of his daughters. He died at her house on March 4, 1949.

Neillsville is featured in 1995 comedy movie "Tommy Boy". The movie starred Chris Farley and David Spade. When Paul (Rob Lowe), Tommy's Stepbrother, changes the orders in the shipping computer, he changes the order for Nelson Automotive in Neillsville, Wisconsin.


Natchitoches, Louisiana

Natchitoches ( ; ), officially the City of Natchitoches, is the parish seat of Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the most populous municipality in Natchitoches Parish. It was established in 1714 by Louis Juchereau de St. Denis as part of French Louisiana. Established in 1714 by Louis Juchereau de St. Denis as part of French Louisiana, the community was named after the indigenous Natchitoches people.

The City of Natchitoches was not incorporated until after Louisiana had become a state (1812), on February 5, 1819. It is the oldest permanent settlement in the region. Natchitoches' sister city is Nacogdoches, Texas. It is also the location of Northwestern State University.

Natchitoches surrounding communities include:




The only AM radio station based in Natchitoches is KNOC 1450, a classic country music station

FM broadcasting



Campti, Louisiana

Campti is a small town in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 887 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Natchitoches Micropolitan Statistical Area. Campti is a flat area of mostly farmland. It sets on the eastern bank of the Red River. Considerable cattle are also raised in the general area.

Lakeview Junior and Senior High School, a modern consolidated school structure housing pre-kindergarten and grades nine through twelve, is located east of Campti on Louisiana Highway 9. The school is 55 percent African American in enrollment, but Campti itself is some 75 percent African American in population. Students from as far north as Ashland attend Lakeview.

During the American Civil War, Union General A.J. Smith, with two brigades, reached Campti to assist Admiral David Dixon Porter's trapped gunboats on the Red River there. Smith and his men burned Campti, which then contained only a few buildings and houses. The gunboats were returned safely upriver to Grand Ecore in Natchitoches Parish.


Ashland, Louisiana

Ashland, Louisiana may refer to:


Phytophthora iranica

Phytophthora iranica is a plant pathogen that infects the roots of the Myrtle plants. It was discovered in a commercial nursery in Sardinia, Italy.

The fungus causes a blight on the plant, effectively destroying it..

Grotella binda

Grotella binda is a species of moth in the genus Grotella, of the family Noctuidae. This moth species is found in North America. It was first found in Arizona.

Many, Louisiana

Many is the parish seat of Sabine Parish, Louisiana, United States. As of the 2020 Census, 2,571 people lived in Many. This is a decrease of 135 from the 2010 Census. The town was named for James B. Many, a commander of nearby Fort Jesup.

Schizoaffective disorder

Schizoaffective disorder is a mental illness that combines elements of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. People suffering from it usually have symptoms of psychosis like hallucinations, paranoia and delusions. People suffering from it also have mood problems like depression or mania. 

Wii MotionPlus

The Wii MotionPlus is an expansion device for the Nintendo Wii. It allows the Wii Remote to better capture motion. It was first announced on July 14, 2008 in a press release by Nintendo. The next day, it was shown at that year's E3. It was released in 2008

On September 29, 2010, Nintendo announced the Wii Remote Plus controller. It is a Wii Remote with MotionPlus built in. This allows players to use special controllers such as the Wii Zapper without removing the MotionPlus device. It was released in Europe on November 5, 2010, in North America on November 7, 2010, and in Japan on November 11, 2010.

Kraft, Louisiana

Kraft is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Wood, Louisiana

Wood is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is east of Kraft and west of Campti on the Jackson Avenue.

Nord N.2501 Noratlas

The SNCAN N.2501 Noratlas or simply Noratlas is a post-war military French transport aircraft designed and built by Société Nationale de Construction Aéronautique du Nord. It was use by several air forces like Armée de l'Air, Luftwaffe, and Israeli Air Force. It was built under licence in Germany. It's first flew in septembre 1949 and was introduced in 1953. France retired its last one in 1984.

The Noratlas is a twin-boom, twin-engine aircraft. Built in metal it has a high wing, and twin-tail. It can carry 35 paratroopers, or 17 injured peoples on stretcher. On freighter configuration it can carry 7 900 kg for cargo missions. Cockpit is for 2 or 3 peoples : pilot, co-pilot, and sometimes navigator.

Some Noratlas were used like electronics warfare aircraft by French Air Force. In this kind, the "Gabriel" or "Grise" (grey in French) had got a crew of 8 or 9 peoples.

Militaries users includes :

Armée de l'Air used SNCAN N.2501 Noratlas for the Algerian war for paratroopers operations, cargo transport, and sometimes search and rescue. In 1956 France and Israel used their Noratlas for Suez Canal crisis.


Bipolar disorder in children

Bipolar disorder in children, more well known as pediatric bipolar disorder, is a very serious condition that affects children and adolescents. Identifying bipolar disorder for children and teenagers can be difficult as some symptoms are very different from adults. Children and teens often have depressed moods mixed with mania taking place almost every day and sometimes at exactly the same time. Diagnosis of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents is controversial, however. This condition often leads to impairments of daily function, and people with bipolar disorder which is prior to 18 years of age are far more likely to commit suicide. Pediatric bipolar disorder is far more acute in children and youth than in the adult population, with diagnoses at very early age. In children or teens, mania often has serious psychotic troubles with mixed mania and depression episodes which are worse and for more erratic times than in adults. Several medications for this condition may have strong side effects for those under 18. Most bipolar children have attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.

Andrea Bowen

Andrea Bowen (born March 4, 1990 near Columbus, Ohio) is an American actress. She acts mostly in television programs. She acted as the character Julie in the TV show "Desperate Housewives". She has gotten a few SAG awards for her television work.

Violin Concerto (Beethoven)

The Violin Concerto in D major, Op. 61 is a work for solo violin and orchestra. It was written by Ludwig van Beethoven in 1806 for Franz Clement, first violinist and conductor of the Theatre an der Wien orchestra. It met with lukewarm approval. It did not receive its rightful due until 1844 when it was conducted in London by Mendelssohn.

The concerto opens with a few strokes on the timpani that led some music lovers to call the work the "Kettledrum Concerto". The first movement lasts about 25 minutes. The second movement is serene and free from the dramatic turbulence of the first. The third movement displays a happy liveliness and makes great demands upon the soloist's skills.


Girls' Day (Germany)

Girls' Day ("Mädchen-Zukunftstag") is a German special day for teenage girls.

Girls' day has been organized annually since 2001.
The annual event is supported by 

The specific date is changed from year to year:



Loch Ness Monster (roller coaster)

The Loch Ness Monster is a steel roller coaster at Busch Gardens Williamsburg in the U.S. state of Virginia. It was the world's first roller coaster to have interlocking loops. The ride is in the Scottish-themed area of the park. It also has a helix tunnel, two lift hills and a 114-foot (35 m) drop. This roller coaster is classified as an American Coaster Enthusiasts Coaster Landmark.

Hans Holbein the Younger

Hans Holbein the Younger (c. 1497 – between 7 October and 29 November 1543) was a German-Swiss artist, painter and printmaker. He is best known for the portraits he painted. He is called "the Younger" to distinguish him from his father, Hans Holbein the Elder. Hans Holbein the Younger was the better painter.

He was an artist born in Augsburg, he later moved to Basel with his family and eventually he traveled to England in 1526 in find work there. He was a great portrait painter. 
He also painted some religious paintings. 

He was a very talented painter who had his own style of painting. He was made to the King's Painter in England. He worked for King Henry VIII.

He also worked in England for several famous people, Thomas More, Anne Boleyn and Thomas Cromwell, and painted many portraits of the English royal family and nobles. These paintings show us today the English court life in the time of Henry VIII of England.

He was loved and appreciated by his time. Holbein is considered one of the greatest artists in the art history. 

His portrait of Erasmus and Thomas More are now very famous. 

Newburgh, Indiana

Newburgh is a city in Indiana. It is in southwestern Indiana.

Pulse

A pulse (or heartbeat) is a throbbing of blood vessels as blood goes through them. You can feel someone's pulse in their wrist, thumb or neck, where vessels are closer to the skin. A normal pulse is below 100 beats per minute. Our pulse quickens when we exercise because the muscles being used need more oxygen. Unusually fast or slow or irregular pulse might mean sickness.

There are normally four heart sounds. Two of them, S1 and S2, can be heard with a stethoscope. Two other sounds, S3 and S4, can not be heard, but they can be seen using a machine called a phonocardiograph. 

Pulses is a term for peas, beans and lentils.

Caramel apple

Caramel apples are apples covered in caramel. They are sometimes given to children on Halloween. They are somewhat like candy. They are also sometimes called taffy apples. Some caramel apples have nuts and other treats stuck to them, to improve the flavor. Taffy apples usually refers to this type of caramel apple.

Coriaria

Coriaria is a genus of plants. It is the only genus currently known in the Coriariaceae family. About 15-20 species are currently known.

Most of the species are shrubs but some are subshrubs (small shrubs) or small trees. Leaves are simple, opposite or whorled, with 3 to 9 major veins coming from the base.

The fruits look like berries but they are small nuts (achenes) protected by enlarged and colored petals. Fruits cannot be eaten because their seeds are poisonous; in some species, mainly those from New Zealand, the petals that protect the true fruits can be eaten. Several species of this genus can fix nitrogen from the air because they have bacteria of genus "Frankia" in their roots.

The name of the genus "Coriaria" was given by Linnaeus in 1753 in "Species Plantarum" (Vol. 2, page 1037). The type species is "Coriaria myrtifolia" L.

"Coriaria" comes from the Latin word "corium", meaning "leather" because these plants have a substance named tannin which is used to make leather from skins.

The several New Zealand species are known by the Māori name of "tutu".

The genus has a very interesting geographic distribution. It is found in 5 regions:

Some species of "Coriaria" are used to produce leather from skins of different animals (cattle, horses).

In New Zealand, the Maori people make a juice with the "fruits" (actually the petals) of "tutu". In Chile, the nuts are used to make poison for rats and mice.

Because they produce many bright, colored fruits, some species of "Coriaria" are used as ornamental plants.

In the genus "Coriaria" (y en la familia "Coriariaceae") there are about 17 species.


Violin Concerto (Tchaikovsky)

The Violin Concerto in D major, Op. 35 is a work for solo violin and orchestra. It was written by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky in 1878. It was first performed in Vienna, Austria, on 4 December 1881. John Warrack writes, "Both the principal themes of [the] first movement are tender and eloquent ... With the Canzonetta that replaced the original Andante [Tchaikovsky] turns towards pure song ... the Finale [is] a cheerful little folk-like theme."


Rock &amp; Roll Jeopardy!

Rock & Roll Jeopardy! was a music-themed television game show. It ran from August 8, 1998 to May 12, 2001 on VH1. It was hosted by Jeff Probst. It was a spin-off of the game show "Jeopardy!".

"Rock & Roll Jeopardy!" played the same as "Jeopardy!". All of the questions were music-themed. Dollar amounts were $100-$500 in the Jeopardy! round and $200-$1000 in the Double Jeopardy! round. The winner kept their winnings, with a minimum of $5,000. The other players won parting gifts. For the first two seasons, players played for points, and the winner won $5,000. Unlike "Jeopardy!", there were no returning champions.

The "Jeopardy!" main theme and think music that plays during Final Jeopardy! were remixed to fit the show's premise. The main theme of this show is currently heard on "Jeopardy!" during special tournaments.

TV Asahi

TV Asahi (Rising Sun television) is a television network in Japan. It started in 1957. In 1996, Masayoshi Son collaborated with Rupert Murdoch and became the largest shareholder, but the Asahi Shinbun purchased it in 1997. TV Asahi was invaded also by the right-wing yakuza and a president of publisher. For those reasons, former the executive of police organization became a company director.


Aydın Aybay

Aydın Aybay (1929 – 6 March 2013) was a Turkish professor of civil law, writer and lawyer. He was one of the founders of the Istanbul University Faculty of Political Sciences, the Maltepe University Faculty of Law and the Cumhuriyet Foundation.

Aydın Aybay was born in Istanbul. He graduated from Istanbul University Faculty of Law in 1953. In the same year, he started his academic career as a research assistant at department of civil law. He earned Doctor of Law degree in 1958 at the same faculty. He became associate professor ("doçent") in 1963 and full professor in 1973.

In 1979, he founded Istanbul University Faculty of Political Sciences with his friends. After 1980 coup d'état, military administration sacked Aydın Aybay from university with many other academics. They are against coup d'état. In 1990s, he returned Istanbul University. In 1996, he retired from public university and started to lecture at the Maltepe University.

In January 2010, Aydın Aybay suffered lung cancer. He died of respiratory failure on 6 March 2013 in Istanbul.

Asahi Shinbun

Asahi Shinbun ("Morning Sun Newspaper") is a major newspaper in Japan. It is based in Osaka. It started in 1879. It is left-wing. It publishes a daily English-language edition online.


David Blaine

David Blaine (born David Blaine White on April 4, 1973) is an American magician. He has set and broken several world records.

Blaine was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York City. His father, William Perez, was a Vietnam veteran. His mother was Patrice Maureen White, a school teacher.

At the age of four, he saw a magician performing at a magic show in the subway, and became interested in the subject. Growing up, he was raised by his single mother. He attended many schools. When he was ten years old, his mother married another man, and the family moved to Little Falls, New Jersey. 

Blaine has a half-brother named Michael James Bukalo. When he was 17 years old, he moved to Manhattan.

Blaine married Alizee Guinochet. They have one daughter, Dessa, who was born in January 2011. Blaine and Guinochet separated in 2014.

Since 1997 and throughout his life, Blaine has been doing all kinds of stunts. Some of them include (in time order):


Every year, David Blaine has traveled all across the country and the world to perform magic for children. 

On January 15, 2010, David Blaine started performing "Magic For Haiti" in Times Square. He performed for 72 hours. He raised nearly one hundred thousand dollars.

David Blaine has traveled internationally. He has performed for President Bill Clinton and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, President George W. Bush, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld (at the Pentagon), Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, Henry Kissinger, Bill Gates and Mayor Michael Bloomberg. He has also performed magic for the President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev, the President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili, the President of Ukraine Victor Yanukovych, and the President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev. David Blaine has also performed for Lakshmi Mittal.

Blaine has performed for many other people, including Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Woody Allen, Jack Nicholson, Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, and Muhammad Ali. Blaine has also performed magic alongside Michael Jackson. 

Spaceport

A spaceport is a place for spacecraft to launch or land. It may have launch pads for rocket, and many buildings for preparing and launching space flights. In real life, there are very few spaceports across the world. They are mostly owned by government agencies, for example NASA. They are used to launch scientific research missions, launch man-made satellites and animals.

However, science fiction stories set in the future often have spaceports that are more like modern airports. In these stories, many spacecraft may come and go each day, and they may transport passengers like a real-life airline.


Felicity and Perpetua

Felicity and Perpetua were 3rd century Christian Martyrs in Carthage. They are believed to have died 7 March 203. Their feast day is March 7.


Theoretical linguistics

Theoretical linguistics tries to understand how language works. Syntax, phonology, morphology and semantics are studied, also the things or universals that all languages have in common. 


Li River

The Li River, also called Li Jiang in Chinese, is a river in Guilin Guangxi, China. It is famous for its Karst landscape of mountains and rivers by water cruise.

Li River starts from Mount Mao'er and ranges 83 kilometers southeast from Guilin to Yangshuo, and continues south as the Gui River, which flows into the Xi Jiang River in Wuzhou , the western tributary of the Pearl River in Guangdong.

The 437-kilometer course goes through the Li River, Gui River, Xijiang River and Pearl River from Guangxi to Guangdong, and finally falls into China South Sea.

<br>


Stompin' Tom Connors

Charles Thomas Connors, OC (February 9, 1936 – March 6, 2013) was a Canadian singer-songwriter. He was one of Canada's most well-known country and folk singers.

He received the nickname "Stompin' Tom" when Boyd MacDonald, a waiter at the King George Tavern introduced him as "Stompin' Tom Connors" and because he used to stomp the heel of his left boot to keep rhythm during his songs.

He spent a small time living with his mother in a low-security women's prison before he was taken by Children's Aid Society and he was later adopted by Cora and Russell Aylward of Skinners Pond, Prince Edward Island.

Some of Connors best known songs are "The Hockey Song" (also known as "The Good Old Hockey Game"), "Big Joe Mufferaw", "The Martin Hartwell Story", "Sudbury Saturday Night", "Bud the Spud", "The Black Donnellys", and "Reesor Crossing Tragedy". Connors also had a mini-series on CBC called "Stompin Tom's Canada" where he met people from all around Canada.

Connors was guest on Late Night with Conan O'Brien in 2004 when the show had taped a week's-worth of episodes. He performed a rendition of "The Hockey Song" along with the Toronto audience. This was one of the few times that Connors had performed on American television.

Connors died on March 6, 2013 at his home in Halton Hills, Ontario from kidney failure.



Independence Club

The Independence Club (, ) was a Korean association that supported the independence movement during the Joseon dynasty. It was active from 1896 to 1899. The club was an early supporter of human rights and people's democracy in Korea. It was founded by Seo Jae-pil and Yun Chi-ho.

The group helped build the Independence Gate. and set up the People's Joint Association.




Pearl S. Buck

Pearl S. Buck (June 26, 1892March 6, 1973) was an American writer. She lived in China for over 20 of 40 years and wrote about the country. Her book "The Good Earth" was a bestseller in 1931 and 1932. The book won a Pulitzer Prize in 1932.

She won the 1938 Nobel Prize in Literature for a trilogy of novels about a Chinese farm family and biographies about her missionary parents. When she returned to the United States, she became active in charitable and political causes.

Buck was born in Hillsboro, West Virginia. The letter "S" in her name, "Pearl S. Buck", stands for "Sydenstricker" because her father was named Absalom Sydenstricker. He was a Christian Presbyterian missionary to China, so Buck went to China a little while after she was born. She lived in China until 1934.

Buck learned both Chinese and English. Her mother taught her English, and a tutor taught her Chinese language. When she lived in China, the Boxer Rebellion, in 1900-1901, changed her life and her family's life. Chinese friends stopped being their friends, and people from Europe and America came less to China to visit.

In the early 1900s, Buck went to America to attend college. She went to Randolph-Macon Woman's College in Lynchburg, Virginia. She finished college in 1914. She then became a Presbyterian missionary like her father and returned to China. She left the missionary life in 1933, after the Fundamentalist-Modernist Controversy, where Fundamentalists (people who thought the Christian Bible should be taught as it was and that ideas such as Darwinism were wrong) and Modernists (people who thought Darwinism was okay) in the Presbyterian church did not like each other.

Buck went back to China in 1914. She married a missionary named John Lossing Buck in 1917. In 1920, they had a daughter. She was named Carol. Carol had Phenylketonuria, a disorder that can cause mental retardation.

Buck was not just a missionary in China. She did other work too. Buck and her family lived in Nanjing from 1920 to 1933. There is a college called Nanjing University in the city. That was where Buck's family lived. Pearl taught English Literature in two different colleges which would later become part of Nanjing University. Those colleges were the University of Nanjing and the National Central University. Buck's mother died in 1921 of a disease called sprue. Pearl went back to America in 1924 and got a Masters Degree from Cornell University in 1924. Pearl's family went back to China in 1925.

Something called the Nanjing Incident, where soldiers of two armies fighting for the control of China attacked Nanjing, happened in 1927. Pearl had to hide from the soldiers. Pearl nearly died. American Navy ships rescued her. Pearl's family moved back to China a year after the Nanjing Incident happened. Then she started to write. She wrote because she needed money to support her family. In 1929, Pearl and her family went back to America to get Carol medical care. In America, her first book was published. It was called "". It was accepted for publication by a man named Richard Walsh, with whom Buck would later live after she left her husband. She went back to Nanjing later in 1929, and then she started to write "The Good Earth". She finished the book in less than one year.

After the Fundamentalist-Modernist Controversy, Pearl quit her job as missionary and moved back to America for good. She left her husband and he stayed in China.

Buck divorced her husband in 1935. Richard Walsh helped her with the divorce, and she lived with him in Pennsylvania until he died in 1960. Buck died on March 6, 1973 of lung cancer in Danby, Vermont. She designed her tombstone. It had her birth name on it in Chinese.

Pearl wrote many books and short stories about her political views and what she saw in her life. She wrote about women's rights, immigration, adoption, war, missionary work, and Asian life.

Pearl did not like how adoption worked in America. The adoption companies in 1949 thought Asian children and children with mixed races were not able to be adopted. Pearl did not like that. Pearl created Welcome House, which was the first adoption company that had adoption internationally (between two different countries) and interracially (between races). However, some Asian kids were not able to be adopted. This led Pearl to create the Pearl S. Buck Foundation in 1964 to help those kids. It was later re-named Pearl S. Buck International. A year later she opened the Opportunity House (first called the Opportunity Center and Orphanage) in South Korea. Offices of the Opportunity House were later opened in Thailand, Vietnam, and the Philippines. She made Opportunity house to help Asian kids who were not able to live like other children.

Her books were reviewed a lot. She got many positive reviews. One person said she had "beautiful prose" (prose is how a person writes something) but also said her style makes reading her books hard sometime. Some people like how Pearl's books made Americans understand more how Chinese people lived. The books Pearl wrote made Americans like China more and also made Americans like Japan less.

In 1983 (ten years after Pearl died), the United States Postal Service made a postage stamp with Pearl on it. It was part of the 5 cent Great Americans Series. In 1999, the National Women's History Project made Pearl Buck an Honoree of the Women's History Month.

"The Good Earth" was Buck's most popular book. It was a bestseller in 1931 and 1932. In 1932, Buck won the Pulitzer Prize for "The Good Earth". She wrote many other books and short stories. She wrote biographies (a biography is a story about the life of someone) about her parents. In 1938, she won the Nobel Prize in Literature for her biographies and her trilogy.

Cyanosis

Cyanosis is a medical problem. When a person has cyanosis, their skin and mucous membranes turn blue or purple. Cyanosis is a sign that the cyanotic (blue) parts of the body are not getting enough blood and oxygen. This can happen because there is not enough oxygen in the blood. It can also happen when small blood vessels in the body get smaller because of a medical problem (this is called vasoconstriction).

Usually cyanosis is first seen in the extremities (the parts of the body that are farthest away from the heart). Usually the first parts of the body to become cyanotic are the fingertips (especially under the fingernails), the toes, the lips, the tip of the nose, and the earlobes. 
As the body goes longer without oxygen, more of the body becomes cyanotic.

Mallinson Girls School

Mallinson Girls School is a school for girls in Kashmir. It is located in Srinagar. The school was founded by Ms Fitze in 1912 at Fateh Kadal and later moved to Lal Chowk in Srinagar. The school was started by Christian missionaries and named after Mallinson. It still has affiliations with the Church Mission Society. Its motto is 'Faithful in the Least'.

The school's principal is currently Alistair R A Freese.

The Mallinson Girls Srinagar was established at Fateh Kadal in 1912. At this time, there was no education for the people of the valley. The school placed emphasis on physical activities such as cross cross run, camps, kho-kho, basketball, volleyball as well as mental activities such as quiz, seminars and debates. Mallinson Girls School holds the distinction of being one of the best schools in the Valley and in North India.

The school is divided into four houses, named after various flowers in the Kashmir valley:

Competitions between the houses are held.

There are picnics, camping, mountain treks, swimming, C.C. Run, and outdoor games like kho-kho, volleyball and basketball.

There are five departments:

Buzen, Fukuoka

The city of Buzen is on Suo Bay, on the Southeastern corner of the Suo Sea near Kitakyūshū, Fukuoka.



Chikugo, Fukuoka

The city of Chikugo is near Kurume, Fukuoka.



Salif Keita

Salif Keita (born 25 August 1949) is a musician from the country of Mali. He writes songs and sings in the style of afro-pop.

Bell 206

The Bell 206 is a light helicopter. It was designed and built in the United States by Bell Helicopters. It was originally designed for civilian purposes. It was changed to be used by the military, including the US Army. It first flew in December 1962. Its manufacturing stopped in 2010. Licence-built were occurred to Italian company Agusta.

Bell 206 is 39.8½ feet (12.11 meters) long, 33.4 feet (10.16 meters) diameter, and 9.4½ feet (2.88 meters) tall. A minimum mass that weighs 1,713 pounds (777 kg) and at the maximum mass that weighs 3,200 pounds (1 451 kg). It's powered by an Allison 250 engine driving a helicopter rotor with two blades.



The Bell 206 is a very popular helicopter and was sold in many countries in the world, particularly in USA, Canada, and in Europe.

In 2013, current and former users of Bell 206 included: 



List of airports in Saudi Arabia

The list of airports in Saudi Arabia includes many locations.

The airline hub airports in Saudi Arabia are King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh and King Fahd International Airport in Dammam

Jeddah is Saudi Arabia's busiest airport, used heavily during the Hajj season.


Columbia County, Wisconsin

Columbia County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 58,490 people lived in Columbia county. Portage is the county seat and largest city in the county.

Columbia County is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (2.75%) is water. The county's highest point is Gibraltar Rock. It is above sea level. The high butte-shaped bluff is located north of Lodi. It looks out over the Lake Wisconsin River valley.




Nintendo Power

Nintendo Power was a monthly Nintendo news and video game strategy magazine. It ran from 1988 to 2012. The first issue, released in July/August 1988, spotlighted the NES game "Super Mario Bros. 2". From 1988 to 2007, the magazine was published by Nintendo of America. Starting in 2007, it was published by Future US, the United States branch of British publisher Future. The last issue was in December 2012, spotlighting the Wii U game "New Super Mario Bros. U".

"Nintendo Power" focused on news, previews, and articles on upcoming Nintendo video games. Other sections included "Pulse" (letters submitted by readers) and "Player Profiles" (information and an interview with a person in the video game industry).

Portage, Wisconsin

Portage is a city in Columbia County, Wisconsin, United States. It is the county seat Columbia County. As of the 2010 census, 10,662 people lived in Portage.. It is the largest city in Columbia County. The city is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Portage was named for the Fox-Wisconsin Waterway. It is a portage between the Fox River and the Wisconsin River. It was found by Jacques Marquette and Louis Joliet during their discovery of a route to the Mississippi River in 1673. The slogan of the city is "Where the North Begins."

Portage is the largest city outside of Dane County in the Madison Metropolitan Area.

Portage is in the Wisconsin River valley. The city is surrounded by prairies and grasslands.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.

The Native American tribes that once lived here, and the European settlers that moved here later, used the lowlands between the Fox and Wisconsin Rivers as a natural "portage". The French fur traders called the place "le portage". This later became the name of the community. As a portage, this community grew as a center of commerce and trade. Later, a canal was built to support this trade.

By the end of the 17th century, the Fox-Wisconsin waterway was the major fur trade path between Green Bay and Prairie du Chien. In the 1780s and 1790s, traders built their warehouses at each end of The Portage. In the early 19th century, Portage was mostly populated by Metis. In 1828, the federal government saw the economic importance of The Portage. They built Fort Winnebago at the Fox River end. Portage became the county seat in 1851. The community incorporated as Portage City in 1854.



Dodge County, Wisconsin

Dodge County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 89,396 lived there. Juneau is the county seat of Dodge County.
The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (2.72%) is water.


King Khalid International Airport

King Khalid International Airport (), also known by the acronym KKIA) is a Saudi international airport which is close to Riyadh.

The airport was designed by the architectural firm Hellmuth, Obata and Kassabaum (HOK).


Paris Fire Brigade

The Brigade des Sapeurs-Pompiers de Paris or BSPP is the Paris fire service. The brigade is part of the French army, and its firefighters are also soldiers. They do not usually take part in military action, but are well-known for taking part in military parades. The brigade covers Paris and the nearby departments of Hauts-de-Seine, Seine-Saint-Denis, and Val-de-Marne. It is also one of the main ambulance services of the area. It also has a lot of special vehicles, such as light boats.


Juneau, Wisconsin

Juneau is a city in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, 2,814 people lived there. It is the county seat of Dodge County.

Juneau is named after its founder, the Metis Paul Juneau, He was the son of Solomon Juneau, founder of Milwaukee.

The city has a total area of . All of it is land.



Paris–Le Bourget Airport

Paris–Le Bourget Airport is an airport near Paris, France. It was the international airport for Paris before the building of Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport and Orly Airport. It is now an airport for all business class aircraft. The Musée de l'Air et de l'Espace (the French aviation and space museum) is there. The famous Paris Air Show happens here.
On 14 April 2016, the Groupe ADP rolled out the Connect 2020 corporate strategy and the commercial brand Paris Aéroport was applied to all Parisian airports, including Le Bourget airport.

Le Bourget has been called "The Teterboro of Europe" because of role it plays in accepting all the business aviation flying into Paris, and the support base.

Eau Claire County, Wisconsin

Eau Claire County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. Its county seat is Eau Claire. "" is French for "clear water". As of 2020, 105,710 people lived there.

Eau Claire county began as the Town of Clearwater in Chippewa County in 1855. The name was changed to the Town of Eau Claire on March 31, 1856. The town was made into Eau Claire County by the Wisconsin State Legislature on October 6, 1856.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (1.18%) is water.

The legislative body of Eau Claire County is the 29-member Eau Claire County Board of Supervisors. Members of the board of supervisors are elected by district. The chairperson and vice-chair positions are elected from members of the board.

Eau Claire County contains parts of the Wisconsin State Senate districts 23 and 31. It also contains parts of Wisconsin State Assembly districts 68, 92, and 93. At the federal level, the entire county is in Wisconsin's third congressional district.

 Historical community


Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin

Fond du Lac County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 104,154 people lived there. Its county seat is Fond du Lac.

The county name is French for "bottom (or foot) of the lake."
The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (5.60%) is water.


Fond du Lac, Wisconsin

Fond du Lac is a city in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States. The name is French for "bottom (or foot) of the lake". It was named this because of its location at the bottom (south end) of Lake Winnebago. As of the 2010 census, 43,021 people lived there.

Native American tribes lived or gathered in the area long before Europeans got there. These tribes included the Winnebagos , Potawatomi, Kickapoo, and Mascoutin. It is not known who was the first white man to explore the southern end of Lake Winnebago. It is thought to be Claude-Jean Allouez.

The first school in Fond du Lac was built in 1843. The first railroad came to Fond du Lac in 1852. Logging and milling were main industries in the late 1880s.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.



Physical system

In physics, a physical system is any object or part of an object that can be analysed with the laws of physics. An atom or the water in a lake can both be considered as physical systems. Everything outside the system is called the environment, which in the analysis is ignored except for its effects on the system.

All matter and energy in the universe could be treated as one big physical system, but often it is much much easier to look at the universe a few particles at a time, and treat these particles as their own quantum systems. There are many many different physical systems that physicists like to study. Some examples are:
Physical systems are different to conceptual systems, which study theoretical objects, ideas or concepts (such as the Turing machine).


Grant County, Wisconsin

Grant County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 51,938 people lived there. Its county seat is Lancaster. Grant County also is in the tri-state area with Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin.
The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (3.1%) is water.






Parcae

In Roman mythology, the Parcae (singular: Parca) were the female personifications of destiny. They are often called the Fates in English. Their Greek equivalents were the Moirai. They controlled the "thread of life" of every mortal and immortal. Even the gods feared the Parcae.

The names of the three Parcae were:

The earliest known documents about these deities are three small stelae "(cippi)". They were found near ancient Lavinium shortly after World War II. They have the inscription:
"Neuna fata, Neuna dono, Parca Maurtia dono"
The names of two of the three Roman Parcae are recorded ("Neuna" = Nona, "Maurtia" = Morta) and connected to the concept of "fata".

One of the sources for the Parcae is "Metamorphoses" by Ovid, II 654, V 532, VIII 452, XV 781.


Lancaster, Wisconsin

Lancaster is a city in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States.. As of the 2010 census, 3.868 people lived there. Lancaster is the county seat of Grant County.

Major G.M. Price laid out the town in 1837. He was asked to name it Lancaster by a relative who came from Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Lancaster was the home of the first governor of Wisconsin, Nelson Dewey.

Lancaster is located in the unglaciated "Driftless Area" of southwest Wisconsin. Its topography is very different from that of the rest of the state.

The city has a total area of . All of it is land.



Kewaunee County, Wisconsin

Kewaunee County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 20,563 people lived there. Its county seat is Kewaunee. Kewaunee County is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (68.41%) is water.


Kewaunee, Wisconsin

Kewaunee is a city in Kewaunee County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, 2,952 people lived there. The city is on the northwestern shore of Lake Michigan. It is the county seat of Kewaunee County.

Kewaunee is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.



Green Lake County, Wisconsin

Green Lake County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 19,018 people lived there. Its county seat is Green Lake.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (6.87%) is water.




Green Lake, Wisconsin

Green Lake is a city in Green Lake County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, 960 people lived there. The city is on the north side of Big Green Lake. The city of Green Lake is the county seat for the county of Green Lake.

Green Lake is located at (43.842675, -88.957813). It is about 30 minutes west of Fond du Lac.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water. Green Lake is the second deepest inland lake in Wisconsin. It is 239 feet deep at its deepest point. It is the deepest natural inland lake in the state.

Green Lake is known for its fishing and recreational tourism during the summer months.

Green Lake is also home to several parks.

The small town has many shops and restaurants.


Iowa County, Wisconsin

Iowa County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 23,709 people lived there. Its county seat is Dodgeville. It is also the largest city in the county.

Iowa County is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (0.70%) is water.




Dodgeville, Wisconsin

Dodgeville is a city in Iowa County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 Census, 4,698 people lived there. It is the largest city in Iowa county and the 9th largest city within the Madison metropolitan area. It is also the county seat of Iowa County. Dodgeville is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area. New London, Minnesota

Dodgeville is one of Wisconsin's oldest cities. It is the sixth oldest European settlement in the state. At one time, it was the largest city in Wisconsin.

The city is twinned with Oakham, Rutland, United Kingdom.

The city has a total area of . All of it is land.

In 1827, Henry Dodge began what would become the city of Dodgeville. Dodge made a pact with the local Winnebago Indian leaders. The pact let him build a cabin and smelter. The first community was made up of three settlements: "Dodgeville", "Dirty Hollow" and "Minersville".

Dodgeville was named after Henry Dodge. It grew slowly during its early years. It became a village in the 1840s. Later a small "war" was fought with Mineral Point over which community should be the county seat of Iowa County. Mineral Point was the seat, but the people of Dodgeville felt they should be the county seat. It is said that people from Mineral Point fired a cannon at Dodgeville over this. Dodgeville eventually became the county seat. It is the site of the Iowa County seat in what is Wisconsin's oldest courthouse. Dodgeville then had its population grow very quickly. Many miners moved to the city from England. British and Cornish architecture can still be seen in the city today. Dodgeville became the largest city in Wisconsin. This did not last long. The amount of mining grew smaller. Because of this, quickly growing cities such as Milwaukee became larger than Dodgeville.

The foundations for the Iowa County Courthouse were laid in 1859. This makes it the oldest continuously active courthouse in the state.



Steam (service)

Steam is an internet-based digital distribution, digital rights management, multiplayer and social networking program developed and distributed by Valve Corporation. Steam has its own store where the user can purchase video games and other software. It is available for Microsoft Windows, OS X and Linux. Steam also has an application with fewer functions for smartphones which is available for Android and iOS. Steam can also be used as a communication software, meaning that you can talk with people if they are your friends on Steam.

The Steam platform is considered to be one of the largest digital distribution platform for PC gaming, and was estimated by Screen Digest to have 75% of the market space in October 2013. In 2015, users purchasing titles through Steam or through Steam keys from third-party vendors totaling around $3.5 billion representing 15% of the global PC game sales for the year, based on estimations made by the tracking website Steam Spy. By the end of 2015, the service had over 125 million registered accounts, with 12.5 million concurrent users. The success of the Steam platform has led to the development of a line of Steam Machine micro-console, as well as SteamOS, an in-house fork of the Debian operating system. As of February 2015, Steam has over 125 million users.

Violin Concerto No. 1 (Bach)

The Violin Concerto No. 1 in A minor (BWV 1042) is a work for solo violin and orchestra. It was written by Johann Sebastian Bach about 1730. It consists of three movements (quick-slow-quick) in imitation of the pattern set by Antonio Vivaldi. The first movement is in quick 2/4 time and written in ritornello structure. The central movement is an aria "without wordslyrical, expressively warm, ever gentle, yet inescapably melancholic..." The last movement is a jig in 3/8 time marked Allegro. Like Bach's two other violin concertos, the solo instrument appears to both compete and cooperate with the orchestra.


Violin Concerto No. 5 (Mozart)

The Violin Concerto No. 5 in A major ("Turkish"), K. 219 is a work for solo violin and orchestra. It was written by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1775. He wrote five concertos for violin between April and December 1775. These were probably written for his own use as concertmaster of the Archbishop of Salzburg's orchestra. The five concertos are the only violin concertos he wrote.

The concerto begins with a quick Allegro aperto movement which is followed by a slow Adagio second movement. The third and final movement is a rondo in minuet tempo. "Turkish" music was popular at the time this concerto was written. The rondo's wild, frenzied contrasting section gives the concerto its nickname. 

Wen Jiabao

Wen Jiabao (born September 15, 1942 in Tianjin) was Premier of the People's Republic of China from 2003 through 2013. His second term as Premier is due to end in 2013. He has a postgraduate degree in geology.

In his final address as China’s prime minister, Wen warned of the nations growing divisions between rich and poor, the hazards of unchecked environmental degradation and the risks posed by unbalanced economic growth.


King Abdulaziz International Airport

King Abdulaziz International Airport () , also known by the acronym KAIA), is a Saudi international airport which is close to Jeddah.

Construction work on KAIA airport began in 1974, The airport officially opened in April 1981.



Family Fortunes

Family Fortunes is a British television game show. It is based on the American game show "Family Feud". It has aired in various forms since 1980. The current version running since 2020 is presented by Gino D’Acampo. This version airs on Sunday nights on ITV. The original presenter Bob Monkhouse didn’t like the title of the American version of the show as he thought it sounded "too aggressive" and so, it was changed for the UK version. 

Two teams of five family members compete to guess the answers to survey questions asked to 100 people. The answers are seen on a huge survey board, named Mr. Babbage after Charles Babbage, who came up with the idea of a computer that could be programmed. Each answer is worth £1 per point. If a given answer does not make the survey, the family gets a strike. This is indicated by an "Eh-uh" sound effect, which has become a popular element of the show. If a family gets three strikes, the other family can steal the points by giving an answer that makes the survey. After three rounds, Double Money is played. Here, answers are worth £2 a point, and there are usually fewer answers. The first team to reach 300 points goes on to play Big Money. During gameplay, a special sound effect is heard with some answers which means a contestant has won a small prize such as home appliances or short breaks. Some questions result in hilarious responses from contestants of which there were many over the show’s run. One such example from a Les Dennis episode was Name A Bird With A Long Neck? in which one contestant replied with Naomi Campbell, a well-known supermodel at the time when it aired. 

Two members of the winning family are asked five survey questions, one at a time. One family member is on-stage, while the other is off-stage. After the five questions are answered or the time limit (either 15 or 20 seconds) is up, the answers and their point values are revealed. After that, the other family member is asked the same five questions. They must give different answers. Afterwards, the answers and their point values are revealed. If the family gets 200 points or more, they win the top prize. If the family gives the number one answers for all five questions, they also win a bonus prize, from 1994 to 2002, a family car was offered as the star prize and from 1998, either that or an exotic holiday. If they do not reach 200 points, they win £2 per point (£10 per point in the current version). In a 1983 episode when Max Bygraves was hosting, one contestant gave the answer of Turkey to three of the questions asked in the round, causing much amusement. 

"Family Fortunes" originally aired from 1980 to 2002 on ITV. It was hosted by Bob Monkhouse from 1980 to 1983. Later in 1983, Max Bygraves replaced him and hosted until 1985. When the show came back in 1987, it was hosted by Les Dennis who became the best known host until 2002. Later in that year, he was replaced by Andy Collins when it became a daytime show which wasn’t very popular and hosted it until the show's end that same year. The All Star version, which started in 2006, featured celebrity families was hosted by Vernon Kay and ran until 2015. In 2020, the show returned with normal families playing again, this time hosted by Italian chef Gino D’Acampo. 


Brown College (Minnesota)

Brown College (Minnesota) is a college in Mendota Heights, a southern suburb of Minneapolis-Saint Paul in Dakota county, Minnesota.


Grid computing

Grid computing is a form of distributed computing whereby a "virtual supercomputer" is made up of a group of networked, loosely coupled computers, working together to perform very large tasks. It is different from cluster computing, where the computers are similar and work together on a large task. The computers involved in grid computing can be quite different from one another. They work on separate pieces of the larger problem.

Lee Jung-hee

Lee Jung-hee (; , "Yi Jeong-hee", born December 22, 1969 Seoul) is a South Korean human rights activist, politician, lawyer and feminist. She was a member of the 18th National Assembly of South Korea.

Lee was a graduate of Seomun Women's Middle School and Seomun Women's High School. Later, she studied at Seoul National University, Department of Law.

In 1996, Lee passed the 38th lawyers exam. She became more active in advocating freedom, human rights, women rights. In 2006, Lee joined the Democratic Labor Party. In 2008, she was elected to the 18th session of the Korean National Assembly.

In 2007 she joined the Democratic Labor Party.

In 2008, she was elected vice leader of the Democratic Labor Party and in 2009, leader of the Democratic Labor Party. In 2012, her participation was found to Integrate progressives Partys. That year, she was a candidate for South Korea's 18th presidential election. But she was defeated by Park Geun-hye.


Spun

Spun is a 2002 melodramatic crime comedy movie. It is about meth abuse and drug addiction. Brittany Murphy plays Nikki, John Leguizamo plays Spider Mike and Mena Suvari plays Cookie. This melodramatic comedy was rated NC-17 by the MPAA, although the rating was later surrendered. This movie got negative review from critics when it was released.

Stall (flight)

A stall is what happens when an aerofoil can not make enough lift to keep the aircraft in flight. Stalling can be risky and dangerous when caused unintentionally or with lack of enough vertical distance for recovery.
A stall is caused when the critical angle of attack, or AoA, is exceeded. The angle of attack, which is the angle between the chord line and relative wind of the aircraft's wing, is typically around 15 degrees. 

The signs of the developing stall are:


The signs of a full stall are:


There is the chance of entering a spin if the aircraft controls are not coordinated

To recover from a stall, the pilot must push the nose down. Then the pilot must increase the engine power using the throttle. When air speed increases again, the pilot can level the wings and pull up to return the aircraft to normal flight.

An aircraft with a T tail is at risk from deep stall, because the turbulent air coming back off the stalled wings covers the elevators and makes it very difficult to push the nose down and recover.

In the United States the FAA requires private pilots to understand the theory and execute stalls at altitude. This, ideally, enables them to recognize the indicators of a stall and prevent an accidental stall at low altitude.

Used to simulate a stall while executing a take off, go around or climbing. 

The steps to execute a power on stall are:


Used to simulate a stall while in a low speed "dirty" configuration(flaps out, gear down, etc.) such as while on downwind, base or final while prepping to land.

The steps to execute a power off stall are:


An accelerated stall is very similar to the power off stall, however it is performed while executing a turn. The term accelerated comes from the fact that while in a turn there is an extra "load" due to the G-force being exerted on the plane. This extra force makes it easier for a stall condition to occur.

A stall turn is an aerobatic manoeuvre also known as a hammerhead. The pilot lowers the aircraft's nose to increase speed, then pulls up sharply to the vertical. The aircraft slows to a low airspeed, then the pilot applies rudder to yaw to the left or right through 180 degrees. The pilot then recovers from the subsequent dive once the aircraft has sufficient airspeed. If executed correctly the wing is not stalled at any point, hence the preferred name of "hammerhead" for this manoeuvre.

Pronounce: stall stall stall. Three repeat
Opel Cascada

The Opel Cascada was a convertible car produced by the German carmaker Opel from 2013 to 2018. It is the convertible version of the Opel Astra. The model is sold as the Vauxhall Cascada in the UK, and as the Buick Cascada in the US.

Opel Adam

The Opel Adam is a car produced by the German carmaker Opel. It was made between 2012 and 2019. It was named after its founder Adam Opel and is sold in the UK as a Vauxhall. It's known for having many personalisation options. Production ended in 2019 after a single generation. 

Opel Mokka

The Opel Mokka is a car from the German carmaker Opel since 2012. The Mokka is a subcompact crossover SUV, and rides on GM's Gamma platform, which is the same platform the Chevrolet Aveo/Sonic and Spark are built on. The Mokka is sold as the Buick Encore and Chevrolet Trax in North America and is sold as a Vauxhall in the UK. The Opel/Vauxhall versions were facelifted in 2016 and were renamed Mokka X. It entered its second generation in 2020 and is now called the Mokka again, it offers petrol, diesel and electric versions.

Opel Antara

The Opel Antara was a compact CUV from the General Motors' German automaker Opel from 2006 to 2017. The Antara replaced the Opel Frontera a badge engineered version of the compact Isuzu Rodeo SUV. It was sold as the second generation Saturn Vue, as a fleet-only Chevrolet Captiva Sport in America, and as a Vauxhall model in the UK. The Vue was discontinued after Saturn went out of business. The Captiva Sport was discontinued upon the introduction of the Trax. The Antara was expected to be replaced with a rebadged Buick Envision and was to be sold as the Opel Antara B. However it was canceled due to the sale of Opel to PSA Peugeot Citroën. It was replaced by an SUV named the Grandland X in 2017.

Dassault Mirage IV

The Dassault Mirage IV was a twin-engine French supersonic bomber. It first flew in June 1959. It could carry a nuclear bomb "AN-22" or a nuclear missile "ASMP". It was in active service from 1964 to 2009. From 1990, it was used like a reconnaissance aircraft, after the bought Mirage 2000N. Dassault Mirage IV was not sold at export.

An example is from 2000 on exhibit at the Musée de l'Air et de l'Espace, the French aviation and space museum, in Paris–Le Bourget Airport.


Opel Insignia

The Opel Insignia was a car produced by the German carmaker Opel from 2008 to 2022. It is available as a hatchback, saloon or an estate. Like many Opel models, it is sold as a Vauxhall in the United Kingdom. In the North American and Chinese markets it is sold as the Buick Regal since the 2011 model year as a sedan only. The Insignia was originally intended to be the second generation Saturn Aura, but because GM discontinued the Saturn brand it was instead offered to Buick and was marketed as the fifth generation Buick Regal. The model was facelifted in 2013 and as a 2014 model for the Buick. The second generation went go on sale in mid-2017 and a new version of the Buick Regal was revealed as well, it was sold in Australia as the Holden Commodore from early 2018 to 2020 as Australian production of it stopped in October 2017. 

Opel Vivaro

The Opel Vivaro is a van made by the French automaker Renault with partnership from the German automaker Opel since 2001. It is also sold as a Vauxhall in the UK where it is made in its factory in Luton. In 2020, it was made to be a rebadged Citroën Jumpy.

Opel Astra

The Opel Astra is a car produced by the German carmaker Opel since 1991. The name was first used by Vauxhall in 1980. It has been sold in the US under the Saturn (2007-2009) and Buick (2009-2015) brand. Under Saturn it kept its original name, while under Buick it was sold as the Verano.

Opel Meriva

Opel Meriva was a car produced by the German carmaker Opel from 2002 to 2017. It is sold as the Vauxhall Meriva in the United Kingdom. It entered its second generation in 2010. It has rear hinged back doors refered by Opel to as "FlexDoors". In 2017, the Meriva was replaced by a crossover SUV model called the Crossland X. 

Lafayette County, Wisconsin

Lafayette County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 16,611 people lived there. Its county seat is Darlington.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (0.16%) is water.



Darlington, Wisconsin

Darlington is a city in Lafayette County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. It is the seat of the county. As of the 2010 census, 2,451 people lived there. The city is surrounded by the Town of Darlington.

The first white man’s home in the city of Darlington was a log house. It was owned by Jamison Hamilton in 1836. He laid out the village of Avon, or Centre, in 1847. Darlington was first organized in 1849, For a long time it was known as the town of Centre.

In 1857, the county seat was moved from Shullsburg to Darlington. The courthouse was moved to Darlington in 1861. In 1869, the town of Centre became known as Darlington. The name was changed because Joshua Darling bought the land in 1850.

The streets of the town were named after the wives of the planners and important men of the town. These names include Minerva, Mary, Harriet, Lucy, Louisa, and Cornelia. Minerva was the wife of the first president of the village. Mary was the wife of one of the first businessmen of Darlington. Cornelia was the wife of James M. Keep, one of the original founders of the community. He also helped Joshua Darling in buying the land.

The city has a total area of . All of it is land.


Monroe County, Wisconsin

Monroe County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 46,274 people lived there. Its county seat is Sparta.

The county has a total area of . Of this is land and (0.83%) is water.




Phosphorescence

Phosphorescence is a process in which energy absorbed by a substance is released relatively slowly in the form of light. This is in some cases the mechanism used for "glow-in-the-dark" materials which are "charged" by exposure to light. Unlike the relatively fast reactions in a common fluorescent tube, phosphorescent materials used for these materials absorb the energy and "store" it for a longer time as the processes required to re-emit the light occur less often.

Phosphorescence is a process where the photon is emitted, not from a singlet-excited state, but from a forbidden triplet state. The time scale of emission is generally in the picoseconds to nanosecond range, while phosphorescence typically lasts for fluorescence microseconds, milliseconds, or even longer minutes or hours. Researchers typically use a pulsed source such as a flash lamp or LED to measure phosphorescence spectra and decays on these longer time scales. Phosphorescence measurements use a longer-lived pulsed source, such as a xenon flash lamp. The timing of the flashing lamp can be used to measure spectra at different phosphorescence lifetimes.

PRINCIPLE :-
When a molecule in the ground state (singlet) absorbs UV or visible radiations of the proper frequency, one electron passes into the vacant orbital present at a higher energy level.
If the spin of the promoted electron does not undergo any change and the net spin is still zero. This is called the excited singlet state, while if the promoted electron has a spin parallel to its original partner, then it is called the excited triplet state. When incident light strikes a phosphorescent substance, the molecules absorb energy hv and are excited from the singlet ground state (So) to the singlet excited state (S1). Through intersystem crossing, a singlet excited electron transits to the triplet state by vibrational relaxation. Direct transition from the ground singlet electronic state to the triplet electronic state is impossible because this leads to a change in multiplicity and thus has a low probability of occurring which is a forbidden transition. 
Because the transition from triplet (T1) to singlet (ground state) is also forbidden as the electron spin in the ground state is parallel to the spin in the triplet excited state, the excited molecules stay in the triplet state (T1) for a longer time. This time could be about a few seconds, minutes, or even hours. The electron, then eventually come back down, accompanied by the emission of a photon. This phenomenon is called “phosphorescence“, and can be illustrated in the Jablonski diagram

Sparta, Wisconsin

Sparta is a city in Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States. It is on the La Crosse River. Sparta is the seat of Monroe County. As of July 2011, 9,602 people lived there.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.

Sparta's location gives the area a temperate, continental climate. The warmest month of the year is July. In July, the average high temperature is 85°F (29°C). The average low temperature is 63°F (18°C). January is the coldest month. In January, the high temperatures averages 26°F (-4°C) and the low temperatures is about 6°F (-14°C)



Silverware

Silverware may refer to:

Pepin County, Wisconsin

Pepin County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 7,318 people lived there. Its county seat is Durand.

Laura Ingalls Wilder was born in Pepin County.

Pepin County was formed in 1858 from parts of Dunn County. It was named after the French conquistadors Pierre and Jean Pepin du Chardonnets.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (6.59%) is water. Pepin County is the smallest county in Wisconsin. 




Chikuzen, Fukuoka

The town was established in 2005 by the merger of the towns of Miwa and Yasu in Asakura District.


Durand, Wisconsin

Durand is a city in Pepin County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, 1,931 people lived there. Durand is the seat of Pepin County. The city is in the Town of Durand.

Durand was first named Bear Creek. It is on the banks of the Chippewa River about from its confluence with the Mississippi River.

The Durand area was first settled in 1856 by Miles Durand Prindle. Prindle came up the river in a keel boat named the "Dutch Lady." He took government land on the site of the present city. Durand became a city on April 12, 1887.

The "Little House" books by Laura Ingalls Wilder begin here in Pepin County.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.



Richland County, Wisconsin

Richland County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 17,304 people lived there. Its county seat is Richland Center. 

The county has a total area of . Of this is land and (0.54%) is water.





Richland Center, Wisconsin

Richland Center is a city in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States. It is the county seat of Richland County. As of the 2010 census, 5,184 people lived there.

Richland Center was founded in 1851 by Ira Sherwin Hazeltine. Haseltine offered to give land to the county if Richland Center was voted the county seat. In 1852, the Wisconsin Legislature named Richland Center as the seat for Richland County. The Richland County courthouse was built in 1889.

In 1876, a railroad branch opened to connect Richland Center with the Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railroad at Lone Rock, Wisconsin. This gave an outlet for the town's commerce. On October 8, 1882, the town's railway depot was destroyed when a fire lit two kegs of gunpowder inside it. This caused an explosion that tore the roof from the building. Another depot was built in 1909. Today, it is a visitor center for the community.

Frank Lloyd Wright was born at Richland Center in 1867.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.



Sawyer County, Wisconsin

Sawyer County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 18,074 people lived there. Its county seat is Hayward. 

The county is named for Philetus Sawyer. He was a Representative and Senator for Wisconsin in the 19th century.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (6.95%) is water.





Hayward, Wisconsin

Hayward is a city in Sawyer County, Wisconsin, United States, It is on the Namekagon River. As of the 2010 census, 2,318 people lived there. Hayward is the county seat of Sawyer County. The city is surrounded by the Town of Hayward.

Hayward was named for Anthony Judson Hayward, who built a sawmill there.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.

Hayward officially has one sister city:



Sheboygan County, Wisconsin

Sheboygan County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, 118,034 people lived there. Its county seat is Sheboygan. The whole county forms the Sheboygan, Wisconsin, Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (59.59%) is water. A large part of the land in the county is used for farming.




Sheboygan, Wisconsin

Sheboygan is a city in Wisconsin, United States. It is the county seat of Sheboygan County. As of the 2010 census, 49,288 people lived there. It is the main city of the Sheboygan, Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area. The city is located on Lake Michigan at the mouth of the Sheboygan River. It is about north of Milwaukee and south of Green Bay.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water.

Sheboygan was founded in 1846. By 1849, it was known for its German population.

Sheboygan County is well known for its bratwurst. The Sheboygan Jaycees have an annual fund-raising festival called Bratwurst Days. Events include the Johnsonville World Bratwurst Eating Championship.

Sheboygan's sister cities are:




Taylor County, Wisconsin

Taylor County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 19,913 people lived there. Its county seat is Medford.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (0.98%) is water.



Medford, Wisconsin

Medford is a city in Taylor County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, 4,326 people lived there. Memford is the county seat of Taylor County. The city is mostly in the boundaries of the Town of Medford.

The city has a total area of . Of this, is land and is water. There are over 4,000 people in the city of Medford.



Washington County, Wisconsin

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of 2020, 136,761 people lived there. Its county seat is West Bend.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (1.16%) is water.



East China Normal University

East China Normal University or ECNU, is a public research university in Shanghai. It is regarded as one of the most prestigious universities in China and is sponsored by the national programs "" and "".


All Growed Up

All Growed Up was a telefilm and VHS episode of the Nickelodeon animated series "Rugrats". It was made to celebrate the series' 10th anniversary. It was made in July 21, 1999 and aired on July 21, 2001. It is about the Rugrats being 6 years older and going to school in September 1998. The episode led to a spin-off show called "All Grown Up!" which also aired on Nickelodeon. 

Tommy is 9 years old, Dil is 8 years old, Angelica, Susie (Angelica's best friend) and Chuckie (former boyfriend of 18 year old Nicole) a 11 years old, Harold, Phil and Lil and Kimi are 10 years old, and Samantha (who was in Tommy's gang and Chuckie's love interest and Angelica's best friend) is 14 years old in this episode. Singing Emica was voiced by Bets Malone, Singing Tommy was voiced by Stacy Ferguson and Singing Angelica was voiced by Olivia Hack.

The Rugrats Movie

The Rugrats Movie is the first Nickelodeon "Rugrats" movie. It is about Tommy, the main character, getting a new baby brother named Dil. Tommy is jealous because Dil gets the most attention. Tommy and friends try to return Dil to the hospital in their toy Reptar wagon and manage to get lost in the forest.

2013 horse meat scandal

On January 15, 2013, it was announced that horse meat was found in several meat products in England and Ireland. The horse meat was discovered through DNA testing. In most cases, horse meat was used only as a filler, but in the United Kingdom, items labeled as beef were found to have as much as 100% horse meat. Later it was discovered that horse meat was being sold as beef all over Europe, and nearly every meat seller in Europe was affected. So far, no horse meat labeled as beef has been found outside Europe.

Waseda University

Waseda University is a well known university in Japan. The main campus is in Shinjuku, Tokyo. It was founded in 1882. Waseda thirty-six departments: thirteen undergraduate schools and twenty-three graduate schools. As of May 2016, there were 42,860 undergraduate students and 8,269 graduate students. It is called in Japanese.

Ōkuma Shigenobu started this school in 1882. It started with departments of political science and economics, law, and physical science. There was also an English language course where all students could learn English.

Much of the campus was destroyed in the fire bombings of Tokyo during World War II, but the university was rebuilt and reopened by 1949.

Waseda University's main campus is in Nishi-Waseda, Shinjuku. The nearest station is Waseda Station, but nearby Takadanobaba Station on the Yamanote Line is the main access to the university.

Waseda also has other campuses around the country:

This group of five universities in Tokyo started in 2001. Students from these universities may take courses at the other universities in the group. The members are:
Waseda is a member of:

Many famous and influential people have graduated from Waseda including:




Ramsgate

Ramsgate is a seaside town in the district of Thanet in Kent. It has a population of around 40,000. The town relies mainly on tourism and fishing for growth. The town has one of the largest marinas on the English south coast.


Frederick B. Karl

Frederick Brennan Karl (May 14, 1924 – March 7, 2013) was an American politician, writer, and lawyer. He served in the Florida House of Representatives, Florida State Senate, and Florida Supreme Court.

Karl was born on May 14, 1924 in Daytona Beach, Florida. He studied at Seabreeze High School, at the University of Florida, and at Stetson University College of Law.

Karl was married to Faye Brooker Karl from 1948 until their divorce in June of 1971. They had four children. He married Mercedes Jensen Proctor in August of 1971. Karl had suffered heart disease, Parkinson's disease, and diabetes. Karl died on March 7, 2013 from heart disease in his home in Tampa, Florida, aged 88.

Jaime Bayly

Jaime Bayly Letts (born February 19, 1965) is a Peruvian writer and journalist. He is known for hosting his own Spanish host show called "Bayly". He is known for criticizing many politicians throughout the world. He won three Emmy Awards. 

Bayly was born on February 19, 1965 in Lima, Peru. He was raised in Lima and in Florida. He studied at Markham College, at Colegio San Agustín of Lima, and at Pontificia Universidad Católica del Peru. Bayly was married to Sandra Masías from 1993 until they divorced in 1997. He married Silvia Nuñez del Arco in 2011. He now lives in Miami, Florida.


John O. Brennan

John Owen Brennan (born September 22, 1955) is an American politician. He was the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center from August 2004 through August 2005. Then he was United States Homeland Security Advisor from January 2009 through March 2013. He became the director of the Central Intelligence Agency on March 8, 2013.

Brennan was born on September 22, 1955 in North Bergen, New Jersey to an Irish-American family. He studied at Fordham University and at the University of Texas at Austin. Brennan is currently married to Kathy Pokluda. He now lives in Washington, D.C..

 

Vic Sotto

Marvic Castelo Sotto, commonly known as Vic Sotto and Bossing, is a Filipino actor, TV host, comedian, and film producer. He is known for working for "Eat Bulaga!".

He was born on April 28, 1954, to Marcelino Ojeda Sotto and Dr. Herminia Castelo. He went to at Colegio de San Juan de Letran. He is the brother of Marcelino Antonio "Maru" Sotto, Jr., Vicente "Tito" Sotto, and Valmar "Val" Sotto.

In 1982, Sotto, together with co-hosts in "Eat Bulaga!", Richie D Horsie and Joey De Leon, were accused of rape by Pepsi Paloma, a 16-year old actress. The case was not filed in court after the three apologized publicly on national TV.

Sotto has done sitcoms and television shows on the three major networks in the Philippines, ABS-CBN, GMA Network and TV5. He has mostly done shows for GMA Network.

ABS-CBN

ABS-CBN is a television network in the Philippines owned and operated by ABS-CBN Corporation. It is the country's largest and leading television network with an advertising revenues amounted to PHP17.5 billion for 2011. It was launched on 23 October 1953 and is among the first commercial television networks in Asia. Its headquarters is in Quezon City.



James Lindenberg

James Lindenberg (December 20, 1921 – April 28, 2009) is an American entrepreneur. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He is called "The Father of Philippine Television" for founding the Bolinao Electronics Corporation (BEC).

Chikujō, Fukuoka

, also spelled Chikugo, is a Japanese town in Fukuoka Prefecture on the island of Kyushu.
The Kyushu National Agricultural Experiment Station is at Chikujo.


The Price is Right (Australian game show)

The Price is Right was an Australian television game show. It aired in various forms from 1981 to 2012. It was based on the American game show of the same name.

Like the American version, people used their shopping skills to correctly guess the price of products. Some products were household items such as toothpaste. Others were expensive prizes such as trips and cars. Unique to the Australian version were two elements:

Starting in 2004, the Showcase was sometimes known as the "Mega Showcase." The showcase would be worth between $500,000 and $600,000. Before the price of the last prize was shown, the player would be offered a cash value of $1,000-$50,000 to quit if they wanted to. On 3 March 2005, a $664,667 showcase was won. At the time, this was the biggest win in the history of the "The Price is Right" franchise.

The show began as "The New Price is Right" in 1981, where it was hosted by Ian Turpie. He hosted from 1981 to 1986, and again when the show was revived in 1989. From 1981 to 1986, the show aired on Seven Network. When it came back in 1989, it aired on Network Ten. When the show came back in 1993, Larry Edmur became the host. He hosted three versions from 1993 to 2012. The first two versions, one from 1993 to 1998 and the second from 2003 to 2005, aired on Nine Network. The most recent version aired in 2012 on Seven Network.

Centro Escolar University

Centro Escolar University is a private university in the Philippines.

Valenzuela, Philippines

Valenzuela is a city in the Philippines. It is made up of 33 barangays.

Stephen Hillenburg

Stephen Hillenburg (August 21, 1961 – November 26, 2018) was an American marine biologist, animator, writer, producer, actor, voice actor, and director. He was best known for creating the Nickelodeon animated series "SpongeBob SquarePants".

Hillenburg was born in Lawton, Oklahoma at a United States Army base. He was raised in Anaheim, California. He studied at Humboldt State University where he majored in marine biology and minored in arts. Hillenburg was inspired by Jacques Cousteau and Max Fleischer. Hillenburg had a wife named Karen Umland (now named Karen Hillenburg), which he married till his death.

In March 2017, he was diagnosed with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) which is a terminal illness that affects the nervous system. Hillenburg died from heart failure as a complication of the disease on November 26, 2018 in San Marino, California at the age of 57. He is still credited as an executive producer after his death.

Animation director

An animation director is the director of an animated film responsible particularly in the aspects of the animation process during the production.

Late Show with David Letterman

Late Show with David Letterman was an American late-night talk show. It was hosted by David Letterman. It was on CBS. The show was on the air from August 30, 1993 until May 20, 2015. The show has won many Emmy Awards and TCA Awards.

The band of the show, known as the "CBS Orchestra," was led by Paul Shaffer, who before joining the "Late Show" was on the TV show "Saturday Night Live". The announcer was Bill Wendell from 1993 until he retired in 1995. Alan Kalter started announcing in 1995 and did so until the show ended. The show has had many guests including political figures, athletes, writers, actors, directors/producers, and singers.

There were many well-known episodes such when President Barack Obama was interviewed. Madonna cursed many times during an interview on the show. That episode was one of the most censored episodes in American television history. During David Letterman's birthday, actress Drew Barrymore jumped on Letterman's desk and showed him her breasts.

On April 3, 2014, Letterman announced that he would leave the show in 2015. The last episode of the show aired on May 20, 2015. "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" came after this, with Stephen Colbert as host. That show's first episode was on September 8, 2015.


Dan Povenmire

Daniel Kingsley “Dan” Povenmire (born September 18, 1963) is an American TV director, writer, TV producer, storyboard artist and actor. He is best known as the co-creator of the Disney animated series "Phineas and Ferb". Povenmire also co-created the spin-off Milo Murphy’s Law and created its spin-off Hamster and Gretel.

In 2022, Povenmire and his wife Clarisse had a divorce.


Paul Shaffer

Paul Allen Wood Shaffer (born November 28, 1949) is a Canadian-American musician, actor, author, composer, entertainer, and comedian. He is known being the composer for the CBS Orchestra and being the sidekick of David Letterman on the "Late Show with David Letterman".

Shaffer was born on November 28, 1949 in Toronto, and raised in Fort William (now part of Thunder Bay), Ontario, Canada, to a Jewish family. He studied at the University of Toronto. Shaffer married Cathy Vasapoli in 1990. They have two children. He now lives in New York City, New York.


Daylily

Daylily is the common name of a Hemerocallis. Daylily flowers can have different colors and shapes. The flowers are popular around gardener groups because they are easy to grow and can be easily mutated.
The name Hemerocallis comes from the Greek words ἡμέρα (hēmera) "day" and καλός (kalos) "beautiful". The name suggest that this flower will bloom only for one day, as in "H. fulva", also called ditch lily.
The flowers of some daylilies can be eaten and are used in the Chinese kitchen. They are sold in Asian markets as gum jum or golden needles (金针 in Chinese; pinyin: jīnzhēn) or yellow flower vegetables (黃花菜 in Chinese; pinyin: huánghuācài).

General contractor

A general contractor is usually a person working on construction sites, management of venues, and communication and information.
The general contractor is employed by the company who pays him for completed work.
In UK and countries of commonwealth term Contractor is used to call any person that work for company on fixed term contract rather than regular employment. Advantages of such form of employment is better pay and flexibility for contractor and no employment protection which allows company to terminate contract immediately.

Personal injury lawyer

A personal injury lawyer is a lawyer who provides services to people that claim to have been injured, badly treated or exposed to unnecessary danger by another person, company or organization, and want to get compensation for the injuries that they suffered as a result. Injury may be to a person's body, mental health, property, or reputation. The lawyer may have special knowledge of health, work and safety laws that relate to the injured person's claim.

This type of claim is a civil legal matter, a type of tort involving a dispute between two or more people. The lawyerwill represent the client by trying to negotiate a settlement of the injury claim, through which an agreed amount of compensation is given to the injured party to resolve their claim.

The lawyer may file a lawsuit on behalf of the injured person. If the case does not settle after a lawsuit is filed, the injury claim will be decided by a court. If the court finds that the injured person suffered a wrongful injury, the court may order the person who caused the injury to pay compensation.

Each country has its own rules and exams that you need to pass to be allowed to work as a lawyer.

Maryland Heights, Missouri

Maryland Heights is a city in the eastern part of the state of Missouri. It is west of St. Louis. The city was officially incorporated in 1985.

Chinua Achebe

Chinua Achebe (born Albert Chinụalụmọgụ Achebe, 16 November 1930 – 22 March 2013) was a Nigerian novelist, poet, professor, and critic. He was best known for writing the novel "Things Fall Apart" which was first printed in 1958. It is the most widely read book in modern African literature. Achebe went to Nigeria's first university, University College. Achebe wrote his first short story, "In a Village Church," at university.

Achebe was an Igbo man. The Igbo are one of the biggest tribes in Nigeria. His parents were Christians. They gave him the English name Albert. His full Igbo name is "Chinualumogu," which means "may God fight on my behalf."

Achebe went to University College in Ibadan to study medicine on a scholarship, but then decided to study English, history, and theology after reading a book written by a white man that made Nigerians and Africans look bad. He wanted to tell the world stories that did not make Africans look bad. Because he switched his field of study, he lost his scholarship.

Achebe's writing style is based on how the Igbo tell stories orally (by word of mouth). The Igbo did not write down their stories before Europeans came to Africa. His stories use a lot of folk tales, songs, and proverbs. The characters in his book also make long speeches.

Many other African writers criticized Achebe for writing in English instead of in an African language. They said that by using the colonizer's language, he was spreading neo-colonial ideas that were preventing progress in Africa.

Achebe said that writing in English let everyone in Nigeria read in one language. Before colonization, the different tribes spoke different languages. He also said that writing in English allowed for people in other countries read his stories. However, he says that there are many African concepts and words that cannot be fully expressed in English.

Achebe wrote in English but used it in ways that reflected an African style.

His themes were about the African culture and how harmonious they are

In his writing, Achebe talks about African culture and the effects of European colonization on African societies. 

Achebe's stories also talk about gender roles.

Achebe has influenced many other modern African writers. He got a lot of awards for his stories. Even to this day, people still talk about him and the stories he wrote.

Birthday cake

The birthday cake is part of birthday celebrations in European countries since 19th century. 

The tradition of adding candles to the top of a birthday cake spread widely among rich people in Germany during the 15th century. Ηowever, the actual concept of a round cake and 'making a wish' that we now associate to birthdays goes back to Ancient Greece. These ancient predecessors of the modern birthday cakes served as offerings to Artemis, Greek goddess of the moon and of hunting, Artemis. They were meant to carry the wishes of the people into the temple. The roundness of the cakes symbolized the shape of the moon itself. It is suggested that the cakes were decorated with lit candles in order to make them glow like the moon. 

This was later adapted and took different forms and formed as the basis for our birthday cakes tradition today. There have also been reports of some forms of birthday cakes and such celebrating linked to the ancient Rome.

Often good wishes are written on the cake using sugar or chocolate. Since long times birthday cakes were a sign of wealth, but in the 20th century they became easily accessible to most people. Around the world many types of the birthday cake are used often looking more like candies and combined sweets. Before the cake is eaten, the person whose birthday it is should make a wish, blow out the candles in one try - this would guarantee that the wish will come true.

Miscegenation

Miscegenation () is the mixing of different racial groups with marriage, relationship, sexual relations, and procreation.
The word "miscegenation" has been used since the 19th century. It is often the name given to describe interracial marriage, interracial dating and interracial sex. In the past, it has been used to describe the study of human race mixtures. 

Today, the use of the phrase is considered outdated and offensive.

Tagalog Wikipedia

The Tagalog Wikipedia is the Tagalog version of the online encyclopedia, Wikipedia. It was started on December 1, 2003. In 2011, it had reached over 50,000 articles.

It is 68th largest edition by article count.

It has over 51,000 articles and is the as of May 31, 2011.


WikiPilipinas

WikiPilipinas was an online, free content website. It is a combination "non-academic encyclopedia", web portal, directory and almanac for Philippine-based knowledge. It mostly contains various articles on Philippine-related topics. It was known before as Wikipiniana.


Almanac

An almanac is a type of reference that is published yearly. It includes information about weather forecasts, farmers' planting dates and tide tables. Information about astronomy are also found in almanacs, such as the times of the rising and setting of the sun and moon, eclipses, hours of full tide, stated festivals of churches, terms of courts, lists of all types, timelines, sports, and more. It can also be used to tell time, and is pocket sized. The first almanac was invented in 1457.

Isurus

Isurus, commonly known as the mako sharks, is a genus of fast-swimming sharks in the family Lamnidae. They are in fact the fastest-swimming shark. This is in the same family as the great white shark. "Isurus" ranges in length from , and can grow to about . The genus has a long fossil history.

There are two living species in this genus: the common shortfin mako shark and the rare longfin mako shark. 

The shortfin mako shark, as the name suggests, has smaller pectoral fins to the Longfin mako shark. The shortfin mako shark also has smaller eyes. It is smaller than the Longfin mako shark, reaching a maximum length of 3.8 metres, but weighs more, with the heaviest shortfin mako shark found weighing 506 kg (1116 pounds). 

The shortfin mako has a wide distribution, being found in tropical and temperate waters throughout the world's oceans. It is a true pelagic species, but it inhabits the cooler, deeper water of tropical regions. The shortfin mako shark has been recorded at depths of up to 740 metres. 

The shortfin mako is the fastest species of shark known, reaching speeds of up to 32 km/h (20 mph), and with bursts of up to . Its great speed helps it to capture other fast swimming animals on which it preys. The shortfin mako shark feeds on pelagic fish such as swordfish, tunas, and other sharks, as well as squid. The shortfin mako holds the record for the longest distance travel: about in 37 days. This is an average of about per day. 

Shortfin mako often leap in sets of three. The third leap is usually the highest. It can reach as high as above the surface. This high-leaping fish is a highly sought-after game fish worldwide. There are cases when an angry shortfin jumped into a boat after it was hooked.

The longfin mako shark has longer pectoral fins and larger eyes than the shortfin shark. It is longer than the shortfin, reaching a maximum length of 4.2 metres. However, it weighs less than the shortfin, weighing up to only 70 kg (154 pounds).

The longfin mako is a pelagic species, and is found in the Indian, Pacific, and Atlantic Ocean. It is common in the western Atlantic and central Pacific, but elsewhere it is rare. It is thought to be a bottom-dwelling shark, living in tropical and warm temperate waters, but this is uncertain.

Not a lot is known about the Longfin mako shark's feeding habits, but it is thought to feed on schooling fish and pelagic cephalopods. 

Ryan Gosling

Ryan Thomas Gosling (born November 12, 1980) is a Canadian actor, director, musician 
, singer and writer. He is known for his roles in "The Notebook", in "Half Nelson", "The Big Short", "La La Land", "Blade Runner 2049" and "Barbie". For his role in "La La Land", he won a Golden Globe Award.

Gosling was born on November 12, 1980 in London, Ontario, Canada. He studied at Cornwall Collegiate, at the Vocational School, and at the Lester B. Pearson High School. He now lives in Los Angeles, California.

Pilbara

The Pilbara is a large, thinly populated region in the north of Western Australia. In 2010, the region had a population of about 48,600.

Pilbara is known for Aboriginal peoples, its stunning landscapes, its red earth and its vast mineral deposits, in particular iron ore. It is a dry region, but it has cyclones every year or two. The cyclones bring a great deal of rain when they do occur.

The area is known for its petroleum, natural gas and iron ore deposits, which make up much of the economy of Western Australia. Other than mining, pastoral activities as well as fishing and tourism are the main industries.

The Pilbara covers an area of . It includes some of Earth's oldest rock formations in the Pilbara craton. This is one of the world's oldest undisturbed rock formations, dating back to the Archaean eon. It includes landscapes of coastal plains and mountain ranges with cliffs and gorges. The major settlements of the region are Port Hedland, Karratha and Newman.

The Pilbara includes the two of the largest national parks in Australia:

2000 UEFA Cup semi-final violence

The 2000 UEFA Cup semi-final violence was a number of fights in Istanbul, Turkey between fans of English football team Leeds United and Turkish team, Galatasaray before their UEFA Cup semi-final first leg. It is noted for the deaths of two Leeds fans. 

The events happened at 21:00 in Istanbul's Taksim Square during a fight between Leeds fans and Galatasaray fans the day before their UEFA Cup semi-final first leg at Galatasaray's Ali Sami Yen Stadium in Istanbul on 6 April 2000.

Leeds fans had been reportedly taunting people from local bars, to which the Turkish police were called in to stop fights breaking out. There were reports that a Galatasaray fan had run to a nearby phone box to call for help when he saw Leeds fans coming into the area. A large number of Galatasaray fans, reportedly part of a gang called "The Night Watchmen", entered the area soon after which led to a fight between the two sets of fans which led to the two Leeds fans being stabbed. Police arrested Ali Umit Demir and three other men for the stabbings. 

It was not clear how the fight started with reports of the fight either being started by Leeds fans throwing beer glasses at Galatasaray fans and being rude about the Turkish flag or being started by Galatasaray fans throwing chairs or attacking Leeds fans with knives.

Louis Theroux

Louis Sebastian Theroux (born 20 May 1970) is an English-American broadcaster. He is best known for his investigative series such as When Louis Met, Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends, Louis Theroux's BBC Two Specials.

Theroux was born in Singapore and is a dual citizen. He moved to London when he was a year old. He was educated at Westminster School and Magdalen College, Oxford where he gained a degree in history. In 2013, he moved to Los Angeles. Theroux's mother is British; his father is American writer Paul Theroux.

He is an atheist.

Barangay

A barangay is a local term for an administrative division in the Philippines. It is the smallest administrative division in the Philippines. As of 2011, it is recorded that there are a total of 42,026 barangays throughout the Philippines. 

Malagasy ariary

The ariary (Ar; ISO 4217 code MGA) is the currency of Madagascar. It is equal to 5 "iraimbilanja". The ariary is one of only two non-decimal currencies currently being used. The other is the Mauritanian ouguiya.

The names ariary and iraimbilanja come from earlier currency. Ariary was the name for a silver dollar. Iraimbilanja means "one iron weight". It was the name of an old coin worth ⅕ of an ariary.

The ariary was first used in 1961. It was equal to 5 Malagasy francs. Coins and banknotes were printed in both francs and ariary. The sub-unit of the ariary, the "iraimbilanja", was worth ⅕ of an ariary. Because of this, it was equal to one franc. The ariary replaced the franc as the official currency of Madagascar on January 1, 2005.

Manila Bulletin

The Manila Bulletin is a broadsheet newspaper in the Philippines. It is the largest newspaper by circulation in the Philippines. It was founded in 1900 as a shipping journal and it is also the second-oldest Philippine newspaper, following "The Manila Times". It was previously known as "Manila Daily Bulletin" and as the "Bulletin Today". 


Broadsheet

A broadsheet is a format of a newspaper. It is characterized by long vertical pages measuring 22 inches / 560 millimetres or more. The term "broadsheet" was derived from types of popular prints usually just of a single sheet, sold on the streets and containing various types of material, from ballads to political satire.

The Manila Times

The Manila Times is a broadsheet newspaper in the Philippines. It is the oldest Philippine newspaper company that was founded on 1898.


Sigma Team

Sigma Team is a Russian video game company. It was founded in the year 2003. The headquarters of the company is in Novosibirsk and its office will be in . Their first game, "Alien Shooter" was an arcade game with RPG elements.



Henri Bergson

Henri-Louis Bergson (18 October 1859 - 4 January 1941), was a French philosopher.

Bergson convinced many thinkers that the processes of immediate experience and intuition are more significant than abstract rationalism and science for understanding reality.
He was born on the Rue Lamartine in Paris, France. His mother, Katherine Levison, was of English and Irish Jewish descent. His father, the pianist Michał Bergson, was of Polish Jewish descent. 

His early childhood was spent mostly in London after his birth. He learned the English language from his mother. He returned to Paris when he was nine years old, and became a naturalized French citizen.
He attended the "Lycée Fontanes" in Paris from 1868 to 1878. There he was given the 1877 prize for school mathematics, for the solution of a mathematical problem. When he was nineteen, he studied at École Normale Supérieure (ENS). He read many philosophy books, especially Herbert Spencer.

He was given the 1927 Nobel Prize in Literature.

In 4 January 1941, Bergson died in occupied Paris from bronchitis.



Lee Radziwill

Caroline Lee Radziwiłł (née Bouvier'; March 3, 1933 – February 15, 2019) was an American socialite. She was the younger sister of former US First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.

Radziwill was born Caroline Lee Bouvier at Doctors Hospital in New York, New She was the second daughter of wealthy stockbroker John Vernou Bouvier III and Janet Norton Lee. Her older sister was Jacqueline Lee Bouvier (1929-1994), future First Lady of the United States. She also had a step-sister and a step-brother, Janet (1945-1985) and James Auchincloss (b. 1947). They were the children of her mother by her second husband Hugh D. Auchincloss.

She has been known as "Lee" since childhood. Like her older sister, she was educated at selective schools for high society girls. She graduated from Miss Porter's in 1951.

Radziwill married three times. Her first husband was Michael Canfield, a publishing executive. They married on April 18, 1953, and moved to London, England. They divorced in 1958. She married Prince Stanislas Radziwill on March 19, 1959. They had two children; Anthony (1959-1999) and Christina (b. 1960). They divorced in 1974. She then moved back to the United States, where she married film director Herbert Ross, on September 23, 1988. They divorced in 2001 shortly before Ross's death.

In March 1962, Radziwill went with her sister Jacqueline Kennedy, then First Lady, on a goodwill tour of India and Pakistan.

In the 1960s, Radziwill tried a career as an actress. She was unsuccessful. She later tried interior decoration with some success.

Her son Anthony died of cancer in August 1999, one month after the death in a plane crash of her nephew John F. Kennedy Jr..

She lived in Paris, France. Radziwill died on February 15, 2019 in New York City, aged 85.

NH Industries NH90

The NH90 is a European military helicopter. It is built by NH Industries, a company of four countries (France, Germany, Italy, and Netherlands). It is a stealth technology helicopter. It can do transport. It can also attack submarines with torpedoes.

In France it is called "Caïman" (in English Caiman) by the French Army and French Navy. The Italian Navy call it "SH-90". It first flew in December 1995.


The Chase (British game show)

The Chase is a British television game show that airs on ITV. It started on 29 June 2009. It is presented by Bradley Walsh. So far, it has run for thirteen series.

Four players work together as a team. At the start, each player takes a turn in answering as many questions as they can in 60 seconds. Each correct answer is worth £1,000. This money goes into the player's bank. After all four players have their turn, they then take turns going against the "Chaser."

At the start, the player's money goes on a sloped board. The board has seven spaces. The player starts three spaces ahead of the Chaser. The Chaser then offers two amounts: one higher than their bank, and one lower than their bank. For example, if the player won £6,000, the Chaser might offer £12,000 as the high amount and £3,000 as the low amount. If the player takes the high amount, their head start is lowered to two spaces. If they take the low amount, their head start is increased to four spaces.

After the player decides on what to do, the player and the Chaser are both asked the same multiple-choice question. They both lock in their answers at the same time. If one answers and the other does not do so at the same time, a five-second time limit is given for the one that did not answer. If the player answers correctly, they move one space closer to the bottom of the board. If the Chaser answers correctly, they move one space closer to "catching" the player. If an incorrect answer is given by either, they stay where they are on the board.

If the player reaches the end of the board, their amount is added to the team bank. However, if the Chaser catches the player, the player is out of the game, and their bank is lost. This is done three more times with the other three players. The players still in the game move on to the Final Chase. If all four players are caught, their bank is set to £4,000, and they must choose one player to play the Final Chase.

The player(s) still in the game face the Chaser to win their prize money. They start with a one-step head start for each player in the Final Chase. They then have two minutes to answer as many questions as they can. Each correct answer gives them another step. After their time ends, the Chaser is given two minutes to catch the player(s). If the Chaser does not catch them, the player(s) win their prize money. If the Chaser does catch them, the player(s) leave with nothing.

In the celebrity version, the format is exactly the same but the celebrities are competing for charity money. Even if the Chaser wins, they are each given £1000 for their charity.

In the celebrity version, the format is exactly the same but the celebrities are competing for charity money. Even if the Chaser wins, they are each given £1000 for their charity.

This version gives a player an opportunity to face all of the Chasers at once in a cash-builder round.

Each Chaser is given their own nickname for dramatic purposes:


Albert Sabin

Albert Bruce Sabin (August 26, 1906 – March 3, 1993) was a Polish-born American medical researcher best known for having developed an oral polio vaccine. He received many awards and honors including the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

Sabin was born Albert Saperstein on August 26, 1906 in Białystok, Russian Empire (now Poland). He was of Jewish descent. He was raised in New York City, New York and in Paterson, New Jersey. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1930 and changed his last name to Sabin. Sabin studied at Paterson High School and at New York University. 

He was married to Sylvia Tregillus from 1935 until her death in 1966. Then he was married to Jane Warner from 1967 until they divorced in 1971. Then he was married to Heloisa Dunshee de Abranches from 1972 until his death in 1993. He had two daughters with Tregillus.

Sabin died on March 3, 1993 in his home in Washington, D.C. from heart failure, aged 86. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia.



Dragons' Den

Dragons' Den is a reality television series that has aired in over 20 countries. The show originated in Japan as "Manē no Tora" ("Tiger of Money"), first airing in 2001. It has aired in countries such as the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, and Canada. Small companies and investors pitch their ideas to a group of investors known as the "dragons" in exchange for a percentage of their company and the rights to their product. They also have an amount of money they want to get from the dragons. If they do not get at least the amount they are looking for, they get nothing. In the United States, the show is known as "Shark Tank", and the investors are known as the "sharks." The format is owned by Sony Pictures Television International.

In the British version the dragons are Touker Suleyman, Deborah Meaden, Sara Davies and Peter Jones. The programme has been produced by BBC Manchester since its inception and was first broadcast on BBC Two on 4 January 2005, and since 2021, it has been broadcast on BBC One.

Division of West Sydney

The Division of West Sydney was an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. The division was one of the original 75 divisions created in 1900 for the first federal election in 1901. It was abolished in 1968. It covered the inner western suburbs of Sydney, and at various times included the suburbs of Pyrmont, Darling Harbour, Surry Hills, Balmain and Glebe.

It was the first of four seats to be held by Billy Hughes, the 11th Prime Minister of Australia and the longest-serving member of the Australian Parliament. It was also held by T. J. Ryan, a former Premier of Queensland.

Patmos

Patmos is a Greek island in the Aegean Sea. There are about 3000 people living there. It is famous for being the place where Saint John wrote the Book of Revelation.

Philippine Daily Inquirer

The Philippine Daily Inquirer, commonly known as the Inquirer, is a broadsheet newspaper in the Philippines. Its headquarters is in Makati City. It was founded in December 9, 1985. 


Makati

Makati, officially known as the City of Makati ( ; ), in the Philippines, is one of the sixteen cities that make up Metro Manila. Makati is the financial center of the Philippines. As the host of various embassies, it is also an important center for international affairs.

With 529,039 people, Makati is the 16th-largest city in the country and ranked as the 41st most densely populated city in the world with 19,336 inhabitants per square kilometer.

Makati became the financial center of the Philippines during the 1960s. It is home to the Philippine Stock Exchange and the Makati Business Club.

Makati is notable for its exceptionally multicultural lifestyle, as a significant center for intercontinental matters and for its reputation as a major entertainment center in the metropolis.
The city is also known for its cosmopolitan culture because of its major shopping centers, condominiums, financial hubs, hotels, and entertainment hubs, which are located around the city.

Makati first became as the financial center of the Philippines during the 1960s. The Philippine Stock Exchange and the Makati Business Club are there.

Makati has divided into 33 barangays.

John C. Frémont

John Charles Frémont or Fremont (January 21, 1813 – July 13, 1890) was an American military officer, and explorer. He was the first candidate of the anti-slavery Republican Party for the office of President of the United States in 1856.

Frémont was born on January 21, 1813 in Savannah, Georgia. He studied at the College of Charleston. Frémont was married to Jessie Benton from 1841 until his death in 1890. They had no children. Frémont died on July 13, 1890 in his home in New York City from peritonitis, aged 77.


The Philippine Star

The Philippine Star is a daily broadsheet newspaper in the Philippines. It was established on July 28, 1986 and is owned and published by PhilSTAR Daily, Inc. by veteran journalists Max Soliven, Betty Go-Belmonte and Art Borjal in the wake of the EDSA People Power Revolution.

Cartoon series

A cartoon series is a set of animated television programs (cartoons). Episodes are played regularly, and each series will have its own title.

Charles Sumner

Charles Sumner (January 6, 1811 – March 11, 1874) was an American politician, and lawyer. He was senator from Massachusetts from April 24, 1851 until his death.

Sumner was the leader of the antislavery forces in Massachusetts. He was a leader of the Radical Republicans in the United States Senate during the American Civil War. He worked to destroy the Confederacy, free all the slaves and keep on good terms with Europe. During Reconstruction, he fought to minimize the power of the ex-Confederates and guarantee equal rights to the Freedmen.

In 1856 Sumner made a speech against slavery and the Kansas–Nebraska Act. Sumner attacked many senators about bleeding Kansas and slavery including Senator Stephen A. Douglas and South Carolina's Andrew Butler. The Representative from South Carolina, Preston Brooks (Andrew Butler's nephew), became angry because he attacked his uncle. Brooks grabbed his cane and knocked Sumner onto the Senate floor. Sumner had to stop his political career until he recovered two years later.

Sumner was born on January 6, 1811 in Boston, Massachusetts. He studied at Boston Latin School and at Harvard College. Sumner was married to Alice Hopper from 1866 until they divorced in 1873. They had no children. Sumner died on March 11, 1874 in Washington, D.C. from a heart attack, aged 63.


Epifanio de los Santos Avenue

The Epifanio de los Santos Avenue, commonly abbreviated as EDSA, is a freeway in the Philippines. The avenue serves the National Capital Region, or the Metropolitan Manila, passing through 6 of the 17 settlements in the region, namely, the cities of Caloocan, Quezon City, Mandaluyong, San Juan City, Makati and Pasay. It is the longest highway in the area that measures about 23.8 kilometres (14.8 mi). 

BusinessWorld

BusinessWorld is a newspaper in the Philippines that is about business. It was established on February 27, 1967 as "BusinessDay". Its headquarters is in Quezon City

Cebuano Wikipedia

The Cebuano Wikipedia () is the Cebuano-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started on June 22, 2005. Cebuano is the second most spoken language in the Philippines. As of 2024 it has about articles, most of which are created by Lsjbot. This makes it the second-largest language edition of Wikipedia, and the largest Philippine-based language on Wikipedia.


The Call

The Call is a 2013 mystery drama thriller movie focusing on a 911 operator who gets called into rescuing a kidnapped child. Halle Berry plays the operator and Abigail Breslin plays the abducted teenager.

Coefficient of friction

A coefficient of friction is a value that shows the relationship between two objects and the normal reaction between the objects that are involved. It is a value that is sometimes used in physics to find an object's normal force or frictional force when other methods are unavailable.

The coefficient of friction is shown by formula_1 . In that equation, formula_2 is the frictional force, formula_3 is the coefficient of friction, and formula_4 is the normal force.

The coefficient formula_5 can be two different things. It is either the coefficient of static friction formula_6, or the coefficient of Dynamic friction formula_7.The coefficient of static friction is the friction force between two objects when neither of the objects is moving. The coefficient of dynamic friction is the force between two objects when one object is moving, or if two objects are moving against one another.

The coefficient of friction is dimensionless and it does not have any unit. It is a scalar, meaning the direction of the force does not affect the physical quantity.

The coefficient of friction depends on the objects that are causing friction. The value is usually between 0 and 1 but can be greater than 1. A value of 0 means there is no friction at all between the objects; such is possible with Superfluidity. All objects, otherwise, will have some friction when they touch each other. A value of 1 means the frictional force is equal to the normal force. It is a misconception that the coefficient of friction is limited to values between zero and one. A coefficient of friction that is more than one just means that the frictional force is stronger than the normal force. An object such as , for example, can have a coefficient of friction much greater than one.

The friction force is the force exerted by a surface when an object moves across it - or makes an effort to move across it.

The frictional force or force of friction (static or kinetic) can be expressed as

formula_8 (1)

where

formula_2 is the frictional force (in Newtons),

formula_5 is the static (formula_6) or kinetic (formula_7) frictional coefficient (dimensionless) and

formula_13 is the normal force (in Newtons). 

It could also be known as a friction. It is represented as (f).


Admission (movie)

Admission is an American romantic comedy-drama movie about life in college. It was released in 2013. Tina Fey acts as Portia and Lily Tomlin acts as Susannah in this movie.


New General Catalogue

The New General Catalogue of Nebulae and Clusters of Stars<ref name="The NGC/IC Project"></ref> is a list of stars, nebulae and galaxies. It is abbreviated NGC, and is sometimes called just New General Catalogue. It has 7,840 objects on it. These objects are called "NGC objects". It was created by John Louis Emil Dreyer in 1888. Like the older, smaller Messier catalog, it is a famous deep-sky catalogue for amateur astronomy.
Most of observations were rewarded by William Herschel and his son, and expanded by the known catalogue Index Catalogues I and II, adding about 5000 new objects.
South Hemisphere objects are less studied than North Hemisphere objects, observed by John Herschel. The "New General Catalogue" had some mistakes, that were corrected in a special revised edition: RNGC

It's a copy of NGC objects using J2000.0 coordenates created in 1988

Pahari

Pahari may refer to:


Junkers Ju 87

The Junkers Ju 87 or Ju 87 was a German light bomber of World War II. It was used as a dive bomber. Its crew was a pilot with a navigator/radio operator behind him. He also handled the rear machine gun. The Ju 87 could drop 500 kg of bombs. Some Ju-87 were modified as attack aircraft against tanks. More than 6500 were made.

It's universally known as "Stuka", an abbreviation of "", German for dive bomber.

The plane was designed by Hermann Pohlmann. It has first flight 17 September 1935. The first time it was used in battle was 1936 during the Spanish Civil War. Junkers Ju 87 attacked Guernica.

In World War II, Ju-87 were used for bombing against Poland, and later against Belgium, Netherlands, France, and Greece. Early in the Battle of Britain Junkers Ju87 were used to attack Dover, Folkestone and other harbours of the Channel.

Many Ju-87 were used in the Soviet Union against Soviet troops. In the Battle of Stalingrad, they were used to bomb the town.

The Ju-87 B-2 variation had several improvements. Early in the war this aircraft became famous for its "Jericho's Trumpets," or more simply "Stuka Siren," a device with propellers fixed to the front landing struts that spun causing a loud and strange sound, used to panic people. It was removed when enemy forces became accustomed to it. 



Reye's syndrome

Reye syndrome (also called Reye's syndrome) is an extremely rare though incredibly serious condition that is sometimes fatal. This condition affects primarily the brain and the liver in the body. Aspirin may cause Reye syndrome in teenagers and young adults. The symptoms include but are not limited to vomiting and other problems.

Main Page/Sandbox

<templatestyles src="Wikipedia:Main Page/styles.css" />

__NOEDITSECTION__
Amresh Chandra Satapathy is an Indian -American scientist cum Author working for World science. He is also the first IAS physics author in India from the field of science.
Huarache

Huarache shoes are Mexican sandals that are made with leather. They date back to the late 1920s. Huaraches come in many shapes and sizes. They are usually worn during late spring or the summer in many countries.

Pope Gregory VIII

Pope Gregory VIII (; c.1100 – 17 December 1187), born Alberto di Morra, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 174th Pope from 25 October 1073 until he died in 1085.

Alberto di Morra was born in Benvenuo, Italy.

Pope Adrian IV made him a Cardinal in 1155. 

He was one of two men sent to England by Pope Alexander III after the murder of St. Thomas a Becket. 
Cardinal Morra was elected pope on 11 October 1187. and he chose to be called Gregory VIII. 



University of Birmingham

The University of Birmingham (or Birmingham University) is a British red brick university in the city of Birmingham, England. It is based in the suburb of Edgbaston. It got its royal charter in 1900, and included the Birmingham Medical School (founded 1825) and Mason Science College (1875). 

Birmingham was the first redbrick university to get university status. It is a member of the Russell Group of research universities and a founding member of Universitas 21. Birmingham is one of the 12 institutions in England with highest entry requirements.

The student population includes around 19,000 undergraduate and 9,000 postgraduate students, making the 11th largest in the UK. As of 2011 it is the seventh most popular English university by number of applications. 

In 2010 Birmingham was ranked as the 10th most popular British university by graduate employers. The annual income of the institution for 2010-11 was £470.7 million, with an expenditure of £443.7 million. Birmingham has the ninth largest financial endowment of any British university at approximately £85 million in 2009.

Birmingham is ranked nationally between 10th and 23rd. Internationally it is 99th in the 2010 rankings, and 67th in the 2011 rankings. The "Sunday Times" composite ranking put the university 19th from 1998 to 2007. Birmingham was ranked 12th in the 2008 research assessment.

Donkey Kong Land 2

Donkey Kong Land 2 is a Game Boy video game that is a part of the "Donkey Kong" video game series. This game was released in 1996 by Nintendo and was developed by Rare, Ltd.. There is a predecessor to this game named "Donkey Kong Land" and a sequel called "Donkey Kong Land III".

The plot is similar to "<nowiki>'</nowiki>"s plot. It has King K. Rool once again kidnapping Donkey Kong, who can only be freed if Diddy Kong gives the bananas from the Banana Hoard to K. Rool.

This game has seven total worlds in the game, as opposed to eight in "Donkey Kong Country 2". The second and third worlds (Crocodile Cauldron and Krem Quay) of "Donkey Kong Country 2" have been merged into Krem Cauldron, possibly to save memory on the game's cartridge. Like "Donkey Kong Country 2", there is a Lost World which can be unlocked if Diddy and Dixie pay Klubba fifteen Kremkoins to a level per world. The worlds include:


Wild Things

Wild Things is a 1998 American erotic crime drama mystery movie. It is set in Miami, Florida. It stars Kevin Bacon, Matt Dillon, Denise Richards, Neve Campbell and Bill Murray.

Invader Zim

Invader Zim, branded as Invader ZIM, is an American animated television series. The series was a science fiction black comedy. It was broadcast by Nickelodeon. The series premiered on March 30, 2001. It ended on August 19, 2006. The series has high cost to make and it was made for children. Nickelodeon cancelled the series on January 17, 2002. This was before the second season was finished. The rest of the completed episodes were made available on DVD on October 12, 2004.

The series is about the eponymous alien from the planet Irk. The aliens that live on that planet participate in an event called "Operation Impending Doom 2". After failing the event, Zim is determined to prove himself to his leader. He plans to do this by conquering Earth. However, they only sent him to the planet as a "secret mission" to get rid of him.

The Keg

The Keg () is a Canadian steakhouse chain of restaurants. It has restaurants in both Canada and the United States.

It was started by George Tidball in North Vancouver, British Columbia in 1971. The chain is currently owned by David Aisenstat and is operating in every province in Canada except Prince Edward Island. It is also operating in Phoenix, Tucson, Dallas/Fort Worth, Denver, and Seattle.


Nintendo VS. System

The Nintendo Vs. System is a series of arcade ports of Nintendo Entertainment System home video games made by Nintendo. It was released in the late 1980s. The games are designed for two-player multiplayer. Some of the games were different from their NES versions. For example, "Vs. Super Mario Bros." was more difficult, having levels from the Japanese "" along with the "Super Mario Bros." levels. Others, such as "Vs. Duck Hunt", had better graphics.


Nicolai Stepanowitsch Turczaninow

Nicolai Stepanowitsch Turczaninow (1796 - 1863) was a Russian botanist. He was born in Nikitovka, in the south of European Russia near the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv. He first identified several genera and many species of plants. Several species have been named after him.

He is also known as Nikolai Stepanovich Turchaninov and Nikolaus von Turczaninow.

Turczaninow was born in 1796 (probably in May) in the town of Nikitovka, Voronezh Oblast (now in the Krasnogvardeysky District, Belgorod Oblast), Russian Empire.

In 1810 he was in high school in the city of Voronezh and later studied in the University of Kharkiv. In 1814 he graduated from Kharkiv and went to Saint Petersburg (St. Petersburg) to work with the government.

While he was in St. Petersburg, Turczaninow studied the plants of the area of that city and, in 1825, he published a "List of plants of the area of Saint Petersburg" with 646 species of plants that he found.

In 1828, Turczaninow was sent to Irkutsk, eastern Siberia, to work with the government of the region. In his free time he could travel around the Lake Baikal area, collecting many plants that later he sent some to St. Petersburg and keeping the rest for his own herbarium.

He became a "Fellow" of the Imperial Botanical Garden of St. Petersburg in 1830 so he could explore the Siberian region between the "Altai Mountains and the eastern ocean" (Pacific Ocean).

He collected plants in the Lake Baikal region and other regions, including northern China and Mongolia. He sent the collected plants and seeds to the St. Petersburg Botanical Garden, keeping some copies in his herbarium. In 1831, 1832 and 1834 Turczaninov wrote some articles in the "Bulletin de la Société impériale des naturalistes de Moscou" ("Bulletin of the Imperial Society of Naturalists of Moscow") on the botany of Siberia and Mongolia.

In 1837 he was sent more to west to the town of Krasnoyarsk, and later he became Governor of the region. In Krasnioarsk, Turczaninov began to publish "Flora Baikalensi-Dahurica" in separate parts from 1842 to 1857 in the Bulletin de la Société impériale des naturalists de Moscow. He wrote those articles in Latin. Later all these articles were published in 2 volumes with the first part (introduction) written in French.
When he was 49 years old, in 1845, and after 17 years in Siberia, Turczaninov went to live in Taganrog on the Sea of Azov near the Black Sea. In Taganrog, Turczaninov fell from a ladder and broke one leg; this affected his life and he could not travel to South America as he wanted. In 1847, Turczaninov move to the city of Kharkiv to work in the herbarium of the University of Kharkiv.

Turczaninov died in Kharkiv on 26 December 1863.

In 1857, The Academy of Sciences of St. Petersburg gave him the Demidov Prize because of his contribution to Russian botany. And the University of Kharkiv named him a member of honour.

Several species of plantas are named after Turczaninov, and the Altai State University publishes the bulletin "Turczaninowia" ( for the printed version and for the electronic version).


Jean Kennedy Smith

Jean Ann Kennedy Smith (February 20, 1928 – June 17, 2020) was an American diplomat. She was the Ambassador to Ireland from 1993 to 1998. She is the eighth of nine children born to Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr.. and Rose Kennedy. She was their last surviving child. Her siblings include President John F. Kennedy, Senator Robert F. Kennedy, longtime Senator Ted Kennedy, and Special Olympics founder Eunice Kennedy Shriver.

In 2011, she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, by President Barack Obama for her work with Very Special Arts and the disabled.

Jean Ann Kennedy was born on February 20, 1928 in Brookline, Massachusetts, on her elder sister Kathleen's eighth birthday. She was raised in Boston, Massachusetts. She studied at Manhattanville College.

Kennedy was married to Stephen Edward Smith from 1956 until his death in 1990. They had four children.

Smith died on June 17, 2020 in Manhattan, aged 92.


George H. Pendleton

George Hunt Pendleton (July 19, 1825 – November 24, 1889) or Gentleman George was an American politician and lawyer.

Pendleton was representative from Ohio from March 4, 1879 through March 4, 1885. Later he was the Senator from Ohio from March 4, 1879 through March 4, 1885. He was nominated as Vice President with George McClellan, but they lost to Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson.

He was one of the major Democratic politicians who supported slavery. He helped create many laws. Of those laws was the Pendleton Act, which put an end to the system of patronage during the 1880s. He was later the Envoy of Germany from March 4, 1885 until his death on November 24, 1889.

Pendleton was born on July 19, 1825 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He studied at Cincinnati College and at University of Heidelberg in Germany. He was never married and had no children. Pendleton died on November 24, 1889 while on a trip in Brussels, Belgium from an illness, aged 64.

Greenwood, British Columbia

Greenwood is a small city in the Canadian province of British Columbia.

The population of Coquitlam is 708 which makes it the Canada's Smallest City as well as the smallest city in British Columbia. The population was larger at one point but the population decreased when the city shut down the area's industries. The mayor of Greenwood is Colleen Lang.

1200 Japanese Canadians were sent to Greenwood because of the Japanese Canadian internment in 1942. The movie "Snow Falling on Cedars" was filmed in Greenwood.


Halloween III: Season of the Witch

Halloween III: Season of the Witch is a 1982 American science fiction horror movie. It is the third movie in the "Halloween" movie series. The movie was released on October 22, 1982. This movie was not about Michael Myers nor Dr. Loomis. 


Katharine Houghton

Katharine Houghton (born March 10, 1945) is an American actress. She has acted in a few movies. She played Joanna in the 1967 movie "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner". Houghton was born in Hartford, Connecticut.

Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers

Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers is an 1988 horror movie. It is the fourth movie in the "Halloween" movie series. The movie was about Michael Myers returning home to kill his niece Jamie Lloyd (Danielle Harris), the daughter of Laurie Strode. Dr. Loomis (Donald Pleasence) tries to stop him. The movie was released on October 21, 1988.

Halloween H20: 20 Years Later

Halloween H20: 20 Years Later is a 1998 American horror thriller movie. It is the seventh movie in the "Halloween" movie series. The movie was released on August 5, 1998. The movie was released to positive reviews. 

The movie is set twenty years after the events of the first two movies. It is about a post-traumatic Laurie Strode. She is afraid of her brother, Michael Myers, who tried to kill her in the past. When Michael appears, Laurie must face him one last time. The life of her teenage son is in danger. At the end, Laurie cuts off her brother's head. She is sent into an asylum. The movie was dedicated to Donald Pleasence.


Halloween: Resurrection

Halloween: Resurrection is a 2002 American horror movie. It is the eighth movie in the "Halloween" movie series. In the movie, the masked serial killer Michael Myers continues killing in his hometown of Haddonfield. This time it is in his old childhood home, which is being used for a live internet horror show. In this movie, Michael Myers finally kills his sister Laurie Strode while she was in an asylum. The movie was released in July 12, 2002.


Hermóðr

Hermodr (Old Norse: "Hermóðr" - “Spirit of War”) is the messenger of the gods in Norse mythology, and is the fastest among the Æsir. When Baldr died, Hermóðr volunteered to go to Niflheimr to ask Hel to release Odin's beloved son. Hermóðr was said to have galloped on the horse Sleipnir for nine days and nine nights.

Upon reaching the dreaded world of ice and mist, Hermóðr encountered the female jötunn Móðguðr (Old Norse: “Furious Battler”), guardian of Gjallarbrú, the bridge which spans the river Gjöll (Old Norse: Gjǫll - “Noisy”), which separates the realm of the living and the dead. When Hermóðr stated his business as to why he wished to enter Hel, Móðguðr let him pass. He finally met with Hel, and begged her to release Baldr. Hel eventually agreed to his request, on the condition that all of creation weep for Baldr. 

Hlín

Hlin is the goddess of protection. She is one of Frigg's guardians. It is possible that Hlin may be another aspect of Frigg.

Hœnir

Hœnir is a warrior god in Norse mythology. He is sometimes confused with Vili. Hœnir is part of the Aesir. Hœnir and Mimir were hostages in a war between the Aesir and Vanir gods. He was also an original Aesir god himself. Hœnir usually relied on Mimir. Hœnir is the god of silence, spirituality, poetry and of passion.
Hoenir is the travel companion of Odin and Loki and was also part of the creation of Ask and Embla.

Hœnir goes with Mímir to the Vanir as hostage, in order to seal a truce to the Æsir-Vanir war. During the negotiations, Hœnir heavily relies on Mímir to address any query, as the latter was better informed and knowledgeable. The Vanir perceived this indecision and thus noticing a character flaw within Hœnir, which resulted in beheading Mímir as retaliation, thinking the Æsir cheated them in their hostage exchange. Hœnir is one of the few gods to survive Ragnarök.

Kvasir

Kvasir is a wise god in Norse mythology. He was made when the spit of the Vanir gods and Aesir gods was mixed after their battle. He became the new god of knowledge and diplomacy. Kvasir walked the world spreading his great wisdom to any who asked for it.

He was killed by two dwarves, Fjalar and Galar, who mixed his blood with honey to make a powerful mead that inspired any who drank it to speak with wisdom and poetry. Odin drank all the mead to gain its knowledge. He spilled a few drops which fell into Midgard and was said to be the source of all the bad poets and artists. Odin is said to give the mead to those he feels worthy and this is the source for all the great poets.

He is also considered to be the god of inspiration.

Corpus Christi

Corpus Christi is Latin for the Body of Christ. It is a Catholic Festival that occurs every year after Trinity Sunday. In 2013 it was on May 30 or June 2. It celebrates the Real Presence of Christ in the Eucharist.

<br>


Máni

Mani is a god in Norse mythology. He was made when the sparks of the realm of fire were collected. The other gods were not pleased with Mani and his sister Sol. So the gods made them ride in carts. The purpose of the siblings being in the carts was to guide the moon and sun. The reason for the waxing and waning moons is because Mani took two kids so they would cover parts of the moon. The reason for lunar eclipses is Hati (the offspring of Fenrir who is to chase Mani) getting close to Mani. At Ragnarok, Hati will finally consume Mani.

Mímir

Mimir was one of the Norse gods. After his head was chopped off in a battle between the Aesir and the Vanir, Odin carried it around. The head told him secrets and offered him advice. Mimir is the god of wisdom. He was the thinking part of Hoenir, the silent god.

Iridescent shark

The iridescent shark ("Pangasianodon hypophthalmus") is a catfish that is a native to the rivers across Southeast Asia. They are not sharks, but they do look like small sharks. 

They are found over Mekong Basin and the Chao Phraya River areas and used for food there. The fish are marketed as swai in the United States. They are very similar to the US catfish. It has also been introduced into other river basins as a food source.

Adults reach up to 130 cm (4.3 ft) in length and can weigh up to a maximum of 44 kg (97 lb). They have a shiny, iridescent color that gives these fish their name. Large adults are gray. The fins are dark gray or black. Juveniles have a black stripe along the lateral line and a second black stripe below the lateral line.

Iridescent sharks come from the large rivers Chao Phraya and Mekong in Asia. They have been introduced into other rivers for aquaculture.

The iridescent shark is an omnivorous species, and does not require much animal protein in its diet. Typical grading sizes are 3–5 oz (85–140 g), 5–7 oz (140–200 g), and 7–9 oz (200–260 g). Its diet consists of other fish, plant matter, and crustaceans.

These fish are fast enough to catch and eat even active fish like tetra fish and guppies.

Juvenile iridescent sharks are sold as pets for home aquariums, but they are not easy fish to keep. Iridescent sharks are schooling fish that prefer groups. They live in rivers, and are active fish that need space. Iridescent sharks require a tank size of at least 12 m (39 ft) to develop naturally. Schools require even larger tanks.





Bullets Over Broadway

Bullets Over Broadway is a 1994 American crime comedy movie. It is about Broadway theatre and the Mafia. This was released in October 1994 for the United States. Dianne Wiest plays Helen Sinclair, Jennifer Tilly plays Olive Neal and Mary-Louise Parker plays Ellen. This comedy is set in 1928. The director and co-writer of "Bullets Over Broadway" is Woody Allen. The reviews for this crime comedy were very positive.

Rheology

Rheology is the study of the flow of liquids and soft solids like mud or blood. Rheo means flow in Greek.



Arkansas State University

The Arkansas State University is a public university in Jonesboro, Arkansas. It was established in 1909. The university is a division of the Arkansas State University System. The school has over twelve thousand students.

Science (journal)

Science is one of the world's top science journals. It is also referred to as "Science magazine". It is published weekly, and a peer-reviewed journal. The publisher is the American Association for the Advancement of Science. "Science" was founded by John Michaels in 1880 with financial support from Thomas Edison and later from Alexander Graham Bell.



Anne Hathaway (Shakespeare)

Anne Hathaway (1555/56 – 6 August 1623) was the wife of English playwright and poet, William Shakespeare. Little is known about her early life. Hathaway married Shakespeare in 1582 at the village of Temple Grafton, near Stratford-upon-Avon. She lived in Stratford all her life, even while Shakespeare was working and living in London. She died in Stratford on 6 August 1623 and is buried next to her husband in the Holy Trinity Church, Stratford.

Piano Sonata No. 8 (Beethoven)

The Piano Sonata No. 8 in C minor, Op. 13 is a work for solo piano written by Ludwig van Beethoven. It is also called the Pathétique Sonata. It was written between 1797 and 1798. It was published in Vienna, Austria in 1799. The work is written in three movements. The first opens with a slow and serious introduction. It is followed by an quick section in sonata form. This section is driven forward by tremolando octaves in the left hand. The movement expresses a questing, uncertain mood. The second movement is a slow piece in rondo form. The third movement is a quick, melancholic rondo. Its main theme is accompanied by arpeggios in the left hand. This movement concludes with a brilliant coda.


Caloocan

Caloocan is one of the cities of Metro Manila in the Philippines. Caloocan is north of Manila. It is the third most populous city in the Philippines with 1,489,040 people as of 2010. 

Bhimber

Bhimber () is the main town of the Bhimber District in Azad Kashmir. The town is on the border between Azad Kashmir and Pakistan. It is about 50 km from Mirpur.

Backdraft (movie)

Backdraft is a 1991 American crime drama action movie. It was directed by Ron Howard. The movie is about firefighters in the Chicago metropolitan area. Kurt Russell and William Baldwin star as firefighters of the Chicago Fire Department. Donald Sutherland and Robert De Niro also act in the movie. "Backdraft" was released in May 1991. It was well liked by the critics. It did well in the box office, earning over $152 million worldwide.

La Goulue

La Goulue was Louise Weber (13 July 1866, Clichy, Paris 30 January 1929), a French can-can dancer. She was always known by her nickname. "La Goulue" is French slang for 'greedy guts'. It came from her habit of picking up a customer's glass and drinking it while dancing past the table. 

Growing up, Weber was a poor Jewish girl who loved to dance. She would dressed up and pretended to be a glamorous star on a great stage. At 16, she was working with her mother in the laundry. Without her mother knowing, she began sneaking off to a dance hall wearing a dress she would "borrow" from one of their customers.

Weber quickly became popular because of her dancing at small clubs in Paris. She was liked for her dancing skills and her behaviour. In her routine, she teased the male audience by swirling her raised dress to reveal the heart embroidered on her panties. Another trick of hers was to kick off a man's hat with her toe. 

Later, she met the Montmartre painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir. He introduced her to a group of models who earned money posing for artists and photographers.

146 BC

The year 146 BCE was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lentulus and Achaicus (or, less often, year 608 Ab urbe condita).


Pope Leo I

Leo I (; c. 400 – 10 November 461), also known as Leo the Great, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 45th Pope from 29 September 440 to his death on 10 November 461.

Nothing is known about his early life. Little is known about his early work in the church. The first unmistakable reference to Pope Leo is in 429 when he was only a deacon.

Leo was made Bishop of Rome on 29 September 440. In other words, he became pope.

Leo is one of only two popes who are called "the Great". The other "great" is the first pope named Gregory.

In 452, Leo I peacefully convinced Attila the Hun "not" to destroy and plunder Rome. This made him a legendary figure in Italy.

Leo also wrote many scholarly books. One of them, a "Tome" on the Nature of Christ, was read out to both the Roman Emperor and to the Patriarch of Constantinople. Afterwards, they followed Leo's recommendations, and officially accepted certain religious matters, and rejected others. These decisions had many political implications, in many areas of the Eastern Roman Empire, for centuries to come.



Arthur Darvill

Arthur Darvill (born Thomas Arthur Darvill on 17 June 1982) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Rory Williams in the television series "Doctor Who". He has also acted in "Terre Haute" and "Swimming with Sharks". 


 

Donkey Kong 3

Donkey Kong 3 is an arcade video game made by Nintendo in 1984. It is the third game in the "Donkey Kong" arcade series. A port was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1986. It was later re-released for the Wii Virtual Console in North America and Europe in 2008 and 2009.

Donkey Kong has taken cover in Stanley's greenhouse. Stanley is a bugman, and must stop insects from destroying his flowers. He does this by killing them with bug spray. The main goal is to shoot Donkey Kong with the bug spray and force him to the top of the vine he is on while killing the insects. When Donkey Kong gets to the top, the player moves on to the next stage. The player can also complete a stage by killing all of the insects, which forces Donkey Kong to the top. At the start of a stage, Stanley can get a special bug spray which allows him to shoot Donkey Kong up at a faster rate. It is on one of Donkey Kong's vines. It is dropped when Donkey Kong reaches the point on the vine where the bug spray is. It only lasts for a certain amount of shots.

Costa Rican colón

The colón is the official currency of Costa Rica. It is named after Christopher Columbus, known as Cristóbal Colón in Spanish. The plural is "colones" in Spanish. The ISO 4217 code is CRC.

The symbol for the colón is a "c" with two slashes (₡). The symbol for the colón in many English language Windows keyboards can be made by pressing +.

The colón sign is not the same as the US cent sign, but the US cent sign is much more commonly available (¢). As such, it is frequently used instead of the colón's own sign in price markings and advertisements.

The colón is divided into 100 "centimos"

The colón was introduced in 1896 and replaced the Costa Rican peso. Between 1917 and 1919 coins were issued using the name centavo for the 1/100 subunit.

In 1897 gold 2, 5, 10 and 20 colones were issued. Later, silver 50 centimos and cupro-nickel 2 centimos were issued in 1903. In 1905 silver 5 and 10 centimos were issued. The 5 and 10 centimos had the initials G.C.R. ("Gobierno de Costa Rica") because they were issued by the government.

The government resumed in 1920 making 5 and 10 centimos coins with the G.C.R initials. Silver 25 centimos coins were made in 1925. The last government issued coins were brass 10 centimos coins in 1941.

In 1935, the International Bank of Costa Rica "(Banco Internacional de Costa Rica)" issued cupro-nickel coins of 25 and 50 centimos and 1 colón. These had the initials B.I.C.R.

The National Bank made 25 and 50 centimos coins in 1937. This bank also issued 1 colón coins. These coins had the initials B.N.C.R. 5 and 10 centimos coins were made in 1942. 2 colones coins were made in 1948.

The Central Bank of Costa Rica took over coin production in 1951. These coins had the initials B.C.C.R. "(Banco Central de Costa Rica)".

The first Banco Central coins were 5 and 10 centimos. Then 1 and 2 colones coins in 1954. In 1965, 50 centimos coins were made. 25 centimos coins were made in 1967.

By 1983, 5 and 10 centimos coins were discontinued. 25 centimos to 2 colon coins were made smaller in size. By this time 5, 10 and 20 colon coins were made.

By 1998, small brass 1, 5 and 10 colon coins were made. In this same year 25, 50 & 100 colones coins were added. In 2003, 500 colones coins were made. In 2006 aluminium 5 and 10 colones coins were made.

1 colón coins are no longer used. In 2009 the large silver-colored ¢5, ¢10 & ¢20 were withdrawn. There are only the smaller silver-colored ¢5 and ¢10 coins and gold-colored ¢5, ¢10, ¢25, ¢50, ¢100 & ¢500 coins.

Four private banks, the "Banco Anglo–Costarricense", the "Banco Comercial de Costa Rica", the "Banco de Costa Rica" and the "Banco Mercantil de Costa Rica", issued notes between 1864 and 1917.

The Banco Anglo–Costarricense was established in 1864 and issued notes from 1864 to 1917. It later became a state-owned bank and in 1994 went bankrupt and closed. Notes were issued in denominations of 1, 25, 50, and 100 pesos as well as 5, 10, 20, 50, and 100 colones. Some 1, 5, 10 and 20 colon notes (unsigned and undated) were released in 1963 when the bank celebrated its 100th anniversary. Some had "Muestra sin Valor" ("sample without value") printed on them in order to nullify the legal tender status and to prevent people from selling them. Most, however, didn't have that printed on them, which makes it harder nowadays to find notes with the seal.

The Banco de Costa Rica was established in 1890 and issued notes from 1890 to 1914. It is currently a state-owned bank. Notes were issued in denominations of 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, and 100 pesos as well as 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones.

The Banco Comercial de Costa Rica issued notes between 1906 and 1914 in denominations of 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones. The Banco Mercantil de Costa Rica issued notes between 1910 and 1916, also in denominations of 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones.

The government issued gold certificates in 1897 for 5, 10, 25, 50 and 100 colones. Between 1902 and 1917, it issued silver certificates for 50 centimos, 1, 2, 50 and 100 colones.

In 1914, the "Banco Internacional de Costa Rica" introduced notes in denominations of 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones, to which 25 and 50 centimos, 1 and 2 colones were added in 1918. Although 25 centimos were not issued after 1919, the other denominations continued to be issued until 1936. After 1917, the Banco Internacional's notes were the only issued for circulation.

In 1937, the "Banco Nacional de Costa Rica" took over paper money issuing and issued notes for 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones until 1949. Many of the early notes were provisional issues overprinted on notes of the Banco Internacional, including the 1 colón notes which were briefly issued.

The "Banco Central de Costa Rica" began issuing paper money in 1950, with notes for 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones. The first notes were provisional issues produced from Banco Nacional notes (unsigned and undated). The Central Bank printed on them the corresponding signatures and dates, and the legend "BANCO CENTRAL DE COSTA RICA" over "BANCO NACIONAL DE COSTA RICA". Regular issues of notes began in 1951, but a second provisional issue of 2 colon notes was made in 1967. 1000 colon notes were added in 1958, followed by 500 colones in 1973, 5000 colones in 1992, and 2000 and 10,000 colones in 1997.
Whenever a banknote of a specific denomination is changed (design, security features, colour, etc.), a new series is released. Every banknote issued by this bank measures approximately 6.6 cm x 15.5 cm. Every note also has the serial and series numbers printed in red ink. Exceptions occurred with:

Every issue also features the signatures, date, and the agreement number printed in black.

The 1983 "Z" series of the 20 colón note was an experimental issue of the American Banknote Company which made the notes out of a polymer. To date, this has been the only Costa Rican note made of that material.

Since 2012, Costa Rican banknotes are undergoing a reform and are being replaced by a new model. Two new denominations were introduced as part of the reform; 20,000 and 50,000 colones. The old notes will all be withdrawn from circulation and be replaced by new ones. The new banknotes will have different colors, shapes and images than their predecessors. All the denominations have a different length so that people with visual impairments can recognize the banknotes easily.

On February 6, 2011, the United States dollar was worth 508.11 colones. The colón has had an unusual relationship with the U.S. dollar that may best be described as a "crawling peg"; instead of being defined by a constant value to the dollar, the colón instead would grow progressively weaker at a fixed rate of about 3.294 colones per dollar per month. On October 16, 2006, however, this crawling peg was modified due to weakness in the U.S. dollar and the perception that the colón is now undervalued. The exchange rate is now free to float within a currency band referenced to the United States dollar. The floor of the band has been set at a fixed value, while the ceiling changes at a fixed rate. In practice the exchange rate has remained fixed at the lower value of the currency band.

Since October 17, 2006 the colón is no longer bound to controlled devaluations (known in Costa Rica as "minidevaluaciones") by the Central Bank of Costa Rica. With the new system, "sistema cambiario de bandas", the exchange rates posted by the Central Bank are a "reference" and each authorized financial institution can determine their value independently in hopes that the free market will provide a mechanism to keep them reasonable.

The colón is sometimes referred to as the "peso", which was the name of the Costa Rican currency before the colón, until 1896. This is very common across Latin American countries, where most have (or had at some point) currencies called pesos. Another nickname is "caña" (Spanish for sugar cane, plural cañas) but this nickname is more often used in plural for amounts under 100 colones. For example: 5 cañas, 10 cañas, 20 cañas. This term has become less popular.

"Teja" (roof tile in Spanish) is used as another nickname. It means one hundred colones. For example: five hundred colones are called ""cinco tejas"". "Teja" can also be used for 100,000 colones. ""Media Teja"" (half a roof tile in Spanish) is used for 50 colones or 50,000 colones.

The one thousand colones note is called "un rojo" (one red) because of its red color.


Sainte-Mélanie, Quebec

Sainte-Mélanie is a municipality in the Lanaudière region of Quebec, Canada. It is part of the Joliette Regional County Municipality. It is located along the western shores of the L'Assomption River.

Sainte-Mélanie used to be part of the territory of the Ailleboust Seignory, which was given to Jean d'Ailleboust d'Argenteuil (1694-1785) in 1736. By 1800, Pierre-Louis Panet (1761-1812) was Lord of Ailleboust. His daughter Charlotte-Mélanie Panet (1794-1872) may have been the source of the name Sainte-Mélanie, also a reference to Melania the Younger (383-439). Charlotte-Mélanie's husband, Marc-Antoine-Louis Lévesque (1782-1833), donated the land in 1814 for a chapel that was built in 1830. The Parish of Sainte-Mélanie was founded in 1832. Four years later, in 1836, the post office opened under the name Daillebout.

L'Assomption River

The Assomption River (in French "", named after the Assumption of Mary) is the most important waterway in the Lanaudière region of Quebec, Canada. It is over long. It has a drainage basin of . It flows from the Mont Tremblant massif. Seven significant rivers flow into the Assomption (de la Boule, Versailles, Noire, la Chaloupe, Ouareau, Saint-Esprit, and Achigan) before it flows into the Rivière des Prairies at Repentigny, Quebec.

About 150000 people live in the drainage area of this river.

Long-tailed river stingray

The long-tailed river stingray ("Plesiotrygon iwamae"), also known as the antenna ray, is a species of freshwater stingray in the family Potamotrygonidae.

These animals have a long tail, small eyes, and few pectoral-fin radials.

They eat worms, crustaceans, mollusks, and small bottom fish (such as small catfish). They can detect electrical and chemical signals from prey in mud and sand.

The species was mentioned in 1987 by Hugo P. Castello from Museu de Zoologia, University of São Paulo. Examples were then found in other museums that had been given wrong names or identified incorrectly.

This fish does not appear often in the aquarium trade.



Lofn

Lofn is a goddess in Norse mythology. Lofn is described in the Prose Edda, written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson. She is described as a gentle woman who arranges marriages. She survived the Ragnarök, the battle at the end of the world to determine the fate of the gods.

Hawthorne effect

The Hawthorne effect is a form of reactivity. When the group which is under study knows about the study and their behavior changes after knowing that they are being studied, this change of behavior is the Hawthorne effect. For example: a group of 10 people are being studied for their health after exercising. Without knowing that they are being studied, they do or not do exercise, but after knowing that they are being studied they regularly do exercise. 

Donkey Kong Country (TV series)

Donkey Kong Country Is a computer-animated musical television series that is based on the video game Donkey Kong Country from Nintendo and Rare The series is co-produced for Nickelodeon by Nelvana Medialab Studio LA, (seasons 1-2), and Hong Guang Animation, (season 3 present) in association with WIC Entertainment, (seasons 1-2). with the Participation of Teletoon - for Season 1 it is produced in Co-production with France 2, Canal+, in association with Valar 4, 

Season 1
Season 2

Nickelodeon Nick Jr. and Noggin (United States), Teletoon and Nickelodeon (Canada), Disney Channel (United Kingdom), 

Pac-Man (TV series)

Pac-Man was an animated television series that aired on ABC. It was created by Hanna-Barbera. It was based on the video game series of the same name. It aired from 1982 to 1983. Two seasons of 21 episodes were aired.

The show followed Pac-Man, his wife Pepper, their child Pac-Baby, their dog Chomp-Chomp, and their cat Sour Puss. They live in Pac-Land, a place built mostly of spheres and sphere-like shapes. Episodes were mainly about the Pac family and their battles with their enemies, the Ghost Monsters. The Ghost Monsters were Blinky, Inky, Pinky, Clyde, and Sue. They worked for Mezamaron, whose goal was to locate and control the Power Pellets. The Power Pellets were the food and power source for Pac-Land.

Two special episodes aired. The first one was the "Pac-Man Halloween Special", which was two Halloween episodes of the show. It aired in primetime on October 30, 1982. The second was "Christmas Comes to Pac-Land", which was a Christmas special where Pac-Man and his family had to help Santa Claus after he crash-landed in Pac-Land.


Cerro Chirripó

Cerro Chirripó is the highest mountain peak of Costa Rica. This mountain is in Chirripó National Park. It is known for its biodiversity. From the mountain, it is possible to see both the Carribean Sea and the Pacific Ocean at the same time on a clear day.

Serampore

Serampore () (also called Serampur, Srirampur, Srirampore, Shreerampur, Shreerampore, Shrirampur, Shrirampore) is a city and a municipality in Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is a part of the area covered by Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority. It is a town on the right bank of the Hoogly River.

Serampore was a colony of Denmark (what is known as Danish India) under the name Frederiksnagore from 1755 to 1845, when it became a British colony.

In the 2011 census,the population of Serampore was of 183,339 personas, of which 94,514 (52%) were male and 88,825 (%) were female; 12,817 (7%) were under 6 years of age. Those that could read and write were 153,460 (8%): 81,592 men (86% of men) and 71,868 women (81% of women).



San Isidro de El General

San Isidro de El General is a city in Costa Rica. It is the capital of Pérez Zeledón canton in the province of San José. It is located 130 km from San José and 212 km from Paso Canoas, a border town with Panama. 

Eau de toilette

Eau de toilette is a kind of perfume used to make skin smell nice. It is also called "aromatic waters". It is based on alcohol, its main ingredient. It is usually used on the skin after bathing or shaving. It is considered a "weak" and cheap version of perfume. Toilet water is defined as a dilute perfume (perfume is only ingredient mixed with alcohol and few other lowering the production cost). It was originally composed of alcohol and various volatile oils.

Newmarket, Ontario

Newmarket is a town in Ontario, Canada. It is north of Toronto. The town was founded in 1801. Actors John Candy and Jim Carrey were born here.

Trecento

Trecento was the Italian word for the Italian culture during the 14th century.

The Trecento is considered the beginning of the Italian Renaissance cultural movement. It is sometimes called "Proto-Renaissance".

One of the most important centres of art and architecture in this period is Florence, a political, economical and cultural pole of Italy.

The most important artists who represent this period are Giotto, in painting, and Donatello, in sculpture. Indeed the Trecento begins with the works of the painter Giotto and includes Taddeo Gaddi, Orcagna, Altichiero and the sculptor Nicola Pisano.

In 1334 Giotto was appointed chief architect to Florence Cathedral, of which the "Campanile" (founded by him on 18 July 1334 AD) bears his name, but was not completed to his design. Most of the famous Florence Cathedral, an architecture masterpiece, was built during the Trecento.

Important sculptors included two pupils of Giovanni Pisano: Arnolfo di Cambio and Tino di Camaino, and Bonino da Campione.

The Trecento was also famous as a time of heightened literary activity, with writers working in the vernacular instead of Latin. Dante, Petrarch and Boccaccio were the leading writers of the age. Dante produced his famous "La Divina commedia" (The Divine Comedy), a summation of the medieval worldview, and Petrarch wrote verse in a lyrical style influenced by the Provençal poetry of the troubadours.

In music, the Trecento was a time of vigorous activity in Italy. Musicians and composers of the Trecento included the renowned Francesco Landini, as well as Maestro Piero, Gherardello da Firenze, Jacopo da Bologna, Giovanni da Cascia, Paolo "Tenorista" da Firenze, Niccolò da Perugia, Bartolino da Padova, Antonio Zachara da Teramo and Matteo da Perugia.



Socotra

Socotra (Somali: Suqadara, "") is an island east of the Horn of Africa. It lies between the Guardafui Channel and the Indian Ocean. Although Socotra belongs to Yemen, in 2018 it was taken over by the United Arab Emirates.

To its west it is joined by an archipelago of much smaller islands. It is also named the Islands of San Gustav after the navigator who discovered them, Gustav Peter Galle Daniels. It is located east of the Horn of Africa and south of the Arabian Peninsula. 

Socotra has a borderline tropical, desert climate and semi-desert climate (Köppen climate classification: "BWh" and "BSh"), with an average yearly temperature over . With a total of only , the yearly rainfall is light but is fairly spread throughout the year. The total rainfall in the mountains can average as much as per year and can average over per month from October to December, during the northeast monsoon. The southwest monsoon season from June to September brings strong winds and high seas.

The island is very isolated and some 30% of its plant species are found only on Socotra. It has been described as the most alien-looking place on Earth. The island is in length and in width.

Socotra belongs to the Republic of Yemen. From late 2017 to mid-2018, Socotra was occupied by the United Arab Emirates. In 2018, the island was also occupied by Saudi Arabia. The Emiratis and later the Saudis came to Socotra because of the Yemeni Civil War (2015–present). Since 2017, Socotra is no longer under the control of the internationally recognized Yemeni government. The island is under the control of the UAE and under the authority of the sessecionist Southern Transitional Council which is supported by UAE troops.


The Ice Sports Forum

The Ice Sports Forum is the official practicing ice area of the National Hockey League's Tampa Bay Lightning. The forum has two NHL approved rinks and a laser tag arena. It is located in Brandon, Florida.

The Ice Sports Forum is the home of the USF Ice Bulls, an ACHA Division III hockey club.



The Paper

The Paper is a 1994 comedy movie. It was directed by Ron Howard. The movie is about people who work for a newspaper in New York City. It involves personal affairs between members of staff. The movie stars Michael Keaton as Henry, Glenn Close as Alicia Clark and Marisa Tomei as Henry's wife Martha. "The Paper" was well liked by critics but earned less than $50 million at the box office.

Yasujirō Ozu

Yasujirō Ozu (12 December 1903 – 12 December 1963) was a Japanese movie director. He made many movies. These include "Tokyo Story" in 1953. His movies show Japanese families and their lives. 

Even Cowgirls Get the Blues

Even Cowgirls Get the Blues is a 1993 drama-comedy-romance movie. It is about homosexuality, use of drugs and political rebellion. It stars Lorraine Bracco as Delores Del Ruby, Uma Thurman as Sissy and Roseanne Barr as Madame Zoe. The movie was not liked by critics.

Beit HaNassi

Beit HaNassi ("President's House" in Hebrew), also known as Mishkan HaNassi ( "Presidential Residence") is the main residence of the President of Israel. It is in Jerusalem. The building was opened in 1971, after the Israeli government approved a state home for the president. In 2011, renovations were started after defects were found in the building.


Addicted to Love (movie)

Addicted to Love is a 1997 American romantic comedy movie set in New York City. It is about manipulation and revenge. The movie stars Meg Ryan as Maggie and Matthew Broderick as Sam. "Addicted to Love" was released in May 1997. It got both good and bad reviews by critics.

Pyramid (geometry)

A pyramid is a three-dimensional shape. It has triangular sides that come together in a point at the top, call the "apex". The other side is a base, which is shaped as a polygon of any number of sides.

A pyramid with a square base (bottom), and four triangle faces, is called a square pyramid. A pyramid with a triangular base is called a triangular pyramid or tetrahedron. A tetrahedron with four equilateral triangles is one of the Platonic solids.

The formula for the volume of a square pyramid is formula_1. This means that one must find the volume by multiplying the base (B) by the height (h), then dividing the product by three.
The base is also known as the product of the length and the width, thus this formula could alternatively be written as formula_2. Either way works, but the technical formula for the volume of a pyramid is the former, due to its use of the capital B, which is shorthand for length and width as stated before.

Pyramid (disambiguation)

A pyramid is a building is the shape of a pyramid.
Pyramid might also mean:

People Power Revolution

The People Power Revolution was a historic event that happened in the Philippines from 22 to 25 February 1986. It is also known as the EDSA Revolution, the Philippine Revolution of 1986, and the Yellow Revolution. This case of nonviolent revolution led to the departure of President Ferdinand Marcos from presidency and the restoration of the country's democracy. It is also referred to as the Yellow Revolution because of the presence of yellow ribbons during the demonstrations following the assassination of Benigno Aquino, Jr.. It was widely seen as a victory of the people against the 20-year running authoritarian, repressive regime of then president Ferdinand Marcos and made news headlines as "the revolution that surprised the world".

Land of Israel

The Land of Israel ( , ; ) is a name for the region also known as Canaan, Palestine or the Holy Land. The name comes from the Torah and the Bible. The area is in the Middle East, and covers the southern part of the Levant.

Before the rise of the Kingdom of Israel, the region was called the Land of Canaan (the home of the Canaanites). In the Bible, the land was referred to as the ’Promised Land’ or the ‘Holy Land’.

Eparchy

Eparchy is the name of a diocese in the Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic churches. An eparchy is headed by a bishop, who is called "eparch". Churches with the Byzantine Rite (or the Rite of Constantinople) also have eparchies.

Eparchy (disambiguation)

In Ancient Rome the term "eparchia" was used to refer to a province in the eastern parts of the Roman Empire. Today, the term is used for different concepts:

Gibbsite

Gibbsite, Al(OH), is one of the mineral forms of aluminium hydroxide. It is often designated as γ-Al(OH) (but sometimes as α-Al(OH)). It is also sometimes called hydrargillite (or hydrargyllite). It is an important ore of aluminium, and one of the main parts of the rock Bauxite.

Tel Aviv University

Tel Aviv University (TAU) ( ) is a university in Israel. It is in Tel Aviv, in the Ramat Aviv neighborhood, next to the Land of Israel Museum. It is the second-largest university in Israel, after the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. The Museum of the Jewish People is on the university campus.



Haifa University

Haifa University is a public university in Haifa, Israel. It was opened in 1963, several years after the opening of the Tel Aviv University. The university's faculties are located in a big tower on the Mount Carmel viewing the Carmel Forest.


Ben-Gurion University of the Negev

Ben-Gurion University is a public university in Israel. The university was opened in 1970 in Beer Sheba next to the Soroka Medical Center.


Mendeleev's predicted elements

In 1869, Professor Dmitri Mendeleev created the first periodic table of chemical elements. He arranged the elements from the lightest one to the heaviest one. When he proposed his periodic table, he placed empty spaces between some elements. He said that the empty spaces were for undiscovered elements. Mendeleev had also predicted the properties of these undiscovered elements.

Mendeleev gave temporary names for the undiscovered elements. He used the prefixes eka-, dvi- and tri- and combined it with any known elements in the same group with the undiscovered element. Eka-, dvi- and tri- are numbers 1, 2 and 3 in the Sanskrit language. The use of the prefix depends on how far the known element is from the unknown element. For example, germanium was called eka-silicon because silicon is placed one row above germanium, and rhenium was called dvi-manganese because manganese is placed two rows above rhenium. The names of these elements were changed after they were discovered.

Other scientists use the eka- prefix, too. Eka- is also used in the names of elements that Mendeleev did not predict. Before francium was discovered, it was called "eka-caesium", and before astatine was discovered, it was called "eka-iodine". The eka- prefix is also used to name transuranic elements (elements after uranium). For example, Oganesson is also called "eka-radon", and untriennium (element number 139) is also called "eka-actinium". Today, the IUPAC uses the systematic element name to give new elements a temporary name. This new way of naming elements depends on the atomic number of the element. It does not depend on the position of the element in the periodic table.

Christopher Jones

Christopher Jones (about 1570 – about 5 March 1622) was Master of the "Mayflower" when the ship carried the Pilgrims to North America in 1620.

Jones was born about 1570 to Christopher and Sybil Jones of Harwich, co. Essex, England. The Harwich records for the year of his birth are missing. Christopher was his father's eldest son. He lived in a house on High Street. Jones was eight years old when his father died. Christopher was left his father's share in the ship "Marie Fortune" when he turned eighteen. His brother Roger was left an eighth part and stock in another ship, the "Centurion", when he turned eighteen. Christopher's mother married Robert Russell on 20 September 1579.

On 23 December 1593, Jones married Sarah Twitt, the daughter of a fairly wealthy Harwich merchant. She lived across the street from Jones in Harwich. Within a year of their marriage in St. Nicholas's Church, Harwich, they had a son, Thomas. The boy was baptized on 1 December 1595. He died a few months later on 17 April 1596. Sarah's father died in 1599, leaving Christopher and Sarah Jones a twelfth share in the ship "Apollo". Sarah died in 1603. She was buried on 23 May 1603 in Harwich.

Six months after his wife's death, Jones married Josian Gray in St. Nicholas' church. She was the widow of Richard Gray, and the daughter of Thomas Thompson. Both men were ship owners and Harwich merchants. The Joneses had eight children, four born in Harwich and four born in Rotherhithe where the family moved in 1609.

By the time of his first wedding, Jones' father had died. He left Jones his share in the ship "Mary Fortune". Sarah Twitt received £20 and a twelfth share in the ship "Apollo" at her father's death. In 1601, Jones was elected freeman of the Borough of Harwich. He served as tax assessor and jury member in Harwich.

His name is listed as one of the 24 capital burgesses on the Great Charter granted to the Borough by James I in 1604. In 1605, he was accused of keeping hunting dogs (greyhounds), an interest open only to gentlemen whose land was valued at more than 40 shillings per year.

With what wealth he had acquired through inheritance and marriage, Jones was able to pursue a seafaring career. He built the ship, "Josian", named after his wife. He traded between England and Europe with voyages to Norway, Bordeaux, and Rochelle. He carried woolen cloth on outward bound voyages and wine on return trips.

Jones was part owner in the "Mayflower". He had been the master of the ship for about 11 years when it was hired to carry the Pilgrims to North America. Jones and his 102 passengers and 30-40 crew members left Plymouth, England in September 1620. They arrived in North America in November. Jones remained in the New World through a harsh winter and returned to England in the spring of 1621.

Jones' wintering in the New World very likely undermined his health. He died about 5 March 1622. His burial is recorded in the Parish Register of St Mary's church, Rotherhithe, as 5 March 1622. His house still stands in Harwich on King's Head St.


Attorney General of California

The attorney general of California is the state attorney general of the government of California. The attorney general carries out the responsibilities of the office through the California Department of Justice.


Secretary of State of California

The secretary of state of California is the chief clerk of the U.S. state of California, overseeing a department of 500 people. The secretary of state is elected to a four year term. 

Shirley Weber is the current secretary of State of California, in office since January 2021.

The secretary of state is California's chief elections officer, overseeing all federal and state elections in the state and maintaining a database of registered voters. The officeholder is also responsible for disclosure of campaign and lobbyist financial information, under the California Political Reform Act of 1974.

The Office of the Secretary of State has a number of responsibilities related to corporations; the largest portion office is the Business Programs Division, which handles corporate filings. The Business Entities Section processes, files and maintains records related to corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships and other business entities conducting or planning to conduct business in California.

The office also maintains a number of registries, including the Safe at Home confidential address program and the Domestic Partners and Advance Health Care Directive. Other roles of the secretary of state include safeguarding the California State Archives and sitting on the board of trustees of the California Museum, though the officeholder has not been responsible for the California State Library since 1862.

The Secretary of State's Office is divided into six main divisions:


The Secretary of State's Office also works in conjunction with the state Voting Modernization Board.

Debra Bowen

Debra Lynn Bowen (born October 27, 1955), is an American politician. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She was the Secretary of State of California from 2007 to 2015. Before that, she was a member of the California State Legislature from 1992 to 2006. In March 2008, she was given the Profile in Courage Award by the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum. Bowen was unable to run for a third term in 2014 because of term limits.

Quesada, San Carlos

Ciudad Quesada (Quesada City) is a city in Costa Rica. It is the capital of the district of Quesada in the San Carlos canton of Alajuela. Ciudad Quesada is the official name (formerly La Unión) but is commonly called San Carlos (like the canton). Ciudad Quesada is the most populated city of the canton of San Carlos.

The city is the region's economic and political center. Ciudad Quesada and the neighboring area produces 65% of all the milk that the nation of Costa Rica uses.

Steak tartare

Steak tartare is a dish which is produced using finely chopped or ground meat of beef or horse. In Belgium and Luxembourg the dish is called "filet américain". The meat used for producing steak tartare is usually of a very high quality. The name refers to the Tatars, who are said to have had meat under their saddle when riding. Because the dish is usually eaten raw, there are health concerns: The meat may have been contaminated with bacteria or parasites. These risks can be reduced when folling basic rules of hygiene and by using fresh meat.

Alajuela

Alajuela is the second largest city in Costa Rica. It is the capital of Alajuela Province. It is the birthplace of Juan Santamaría (the national hero of Costa Rica). It is also the birthplace of Carlos Luis Fallas. Juan Santamaría International Airport of Costa Rica is south of Alajuela's downtown.

Cruel Intentions

Cruel Intentions is a 1998 American romantic teen drama movie set in New York City. It is about seduction, manipulation and lies. 

Sarah Michelle Gellar plays Kathryn Merteuil, Ryan Phillippe plays her stepbrother Sebastian Valmont, Reese Witherspoon plays Annette Hargrove, Selma Blair plays Cecile Caldwell and Swoosie Kurtz plays Regina. "Cruel Intentions" got mixed reviews while playing in theaters, though it made close to $76 million. The movie became a cult favorite in the years after its release.

Nâzım Hikmet Ran

Nâzım Hikmet Ran (15 January 1902 – 3 June 1963), commonly known as Nâzım Hikmet, was a Turkish poet, playwright and novelist. He was well liked for the "lyrical flow of his statements". Hikmet was often arrested for his political beliefs. He spent much of his adult life in prison or in exile. His poetry has been translated into more than fifty languages.

Santa Rosa National Park

Santa Rosa National Park is a national park in Costa Rica. It is in the northwestern part of Costa Rica, in the Guanacaste Province. It was originally made to protect the place where the Battle of Santa Rosa happened. It is north of Liberia city.

Ariel University

Ariel University is a public university in Ariel, a Jewish settlement in the West Bank. It used to be called the "Ariel University Center of Samaria". The university was founded in 1982.


John Alden

John Alden (c. 1599 – 1687) was a passenger on the ship "Mayflower". He was hired in England to be the cooper (barrel-maker) aboard the ship during her 1620 voyage. It is not known when or where he was born.

The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in the Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

Alden was one of the signers of the Mayflower Compact in November 1620. In Plymouth Colony, he became an assistant to the Governor.

Alden married Priscilla Mullins on 12 May 1622. They had ten children. He died on 12 September 1687. John and Priscilla were buried in the Myles Standish Burial Ground in Duxbury, Massachusetts.

San José Province

San José is a province of Costa Rica. It is in the central part of the country. The provincial capital, and the national capital since 1823, is the city of San José.

The San José province borders with the Alajuela and Heredia provinces to the north, with the Cartago and Limón provinces to the east; and the Puntarenas to the south and the west.

San José is in the central part of the country. The province has an area of .

The main mountains in the province are Turrubares, Camora, Cangreja, Nara, Cerro de la Muerte, San Jerónimo and Las Vueltas.

Some of the rivers that flow through the province are Grande de Candelaria, Pirrís, Virilla, Naranjo, División, Chirripó, General y Pejibaye.

People from the province are known as "josefinos" (women:"josefinas").

The San José province had a population, in 2011, of 1,404,242 for a population density of inhabitants/km. The canton of San José, with 288,054 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in San José province

The San José province is divided in 20 cantons, which are divided into 124 Districts.

Frankie Stein (Monster High)

Frankie Stein is a fictional character on the television series "Monster High". They are the child of Frankenstein. The character is voiced by Kate Higgins. 

Frankie is 15 days old. They are clumsy, polite, and athletic, but a good friend. Frankie has black and white hair. Their body is made of stitches and bolts. They are the new ghoul at Monster High. Their best ghoul friends are Draculaura and Clawdeen wolf. When they are nervous their bolts begin to spark and give people a bit of a shock. 

Devourment

Devourment is an American death metal band from Dallas, Texas. 





Relapse Records

Relapse Records is an independent record label based in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania.

Supreme Director of Chile

The Supreme Director of Chile was the person in charge of Chile's government after its independence from Spain. Several juntas also ruled the country during this period. The title came before the President of Chile.


Limón y Sal

Limón y Sal ("Lemon and Salt") is the fourth studio album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas.


!scope="row"|Chile (IFPI Chile)
!scope="row"|Colombia (ASINCOL)

!scope="row"|Venezuela (APFV)

Sí (album)

Sí ("Yes") is the third album by the Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas. She co-produced the album with Cachorro López and Coti Sorokin.




Growth factor

A growth factor is something in the body that allows or deny cells to grow. These factors are normally made up of cell hormones or other proteins within the body. All growth factors occur naturally within cells and are necessary for the cell life progression and death. 

The first growth factor discovered and publicly recognized was in 1986. It was recognized in the form of a Nobel Prize. The award was given to Rita Levi-Montalcini and Stanley Cohen. 

Pope Gregory III

Pope Gregory III (; died 28 November 741) was an Syrian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 90th Pope from 11 February 731 to 28 November 741.

Gregory was born in Syria, but the date of his birth is not known. 

Gregory was elected pope in 731. During his reign, the issue of iconoclasm or image worship was an important controvery.

After the reign of Gregory III, there were no other non-European popes until Pope Francis in 2013.



King Kong vs. Godzilla

King Kong vs. Godzilla is a 1962 Japanese comedy-horror action adventure fantasy monster movie. It was produced by Toho Studios. It is the third "Godzilla" movie and first Japanese "King Kong" as well as a third movie of the series. It is the first time Godzilla and King Kong appear together in a movie, and the first time they appear in color. The movie involves Godzilla and King Kong fighting on Mount Fuji after King Kong fights a giant octopus and Godzilla attacks Japan.

The movie has the highest box office figures of any "Godzilla" movie. It sold 11.2 million tickets and made ¥350,000,000. The movie was produced as a part of Toho's 30th anniversary celebration. It was later released in the United States in the summer of 1963.

Cyclothymia

Cyclothymia is a mental illness characterized by mood swings - a mood disorder. The disease is a milder version of bipolar disorder. The mood swings are usually less extreme. Mood swings can be spontaneous, or triggered by an event. 

Cyclothymia is also an old name for bipolar disorder.

The Evening Star

The Evening Star is a 1996 romance comedy-drama movie. It is about a dysfunctional family in Houston, Texas. Shirley MacLaine plays Aurora Greenway, Juliette Lewis plays Melanie Horton and Miranda Richardson plays Patsy Carpenter. This movie was released on Christmas 1996 in the United States. It is a sequel to "Terms of Endearment" "The Evening Star" got negative reviews from critics. It performed poorly at the box office. The movie is set in the years between 1988 and 1993.

Being Julia

Being Julia is a 2004 romance drama movie. Annette Bening stars as Julia. This movie is set in 1938 in London, England. Its subjects are sarcasm, seduction and finding true love. The movie got positive reviews from the critics.

Rhode Island Sound

Rhode Island Sound is an area of sea off the coast of Rhode Island, New England. 


State Administration of Foreign Exchange

The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China is agency that controls foreign exchange market activities, and manages Chinese foreign exchange reserves valued at $3.2 trillion. The current director is Yi Gang.

SAFE's was kept in secret from world and its actions were often anonymous. In last decade the agency became so big it it had to come out from hiding and open up for media. SAFE is making a lot of investing on forex and commodity market. The head office is located in Bejing and it is closely connected to ruling party.

South Road

South Road (route A13, B23) is a major north–south road in Adelaide, South Australia. Also known as Main South Road, it is Adelaide's most important road. The road attracts multiple factories, industrial centers and businesses like Castle Plaza Shopping Centre (supermarket) and Toyota Dealership.
South Road is experienced serious traffic most of the day because of its importance as Adelaide's main road. Traffic has also increased recently because of the growth and development of Adelaide. There are plans for upgrades and improvements that will finish by 2020.

South Road is used mostly by people living in south parts of Adelaide. The road goes near city center where it ends.

Hemorrhoidolysis

Hemorrhoidolysis/Galvanic Electrotherapy is a treatment for hemorrhoids that is based on putting pressure with electrode on each hemorrhoid. This causes micro-shock that helps hemorrhoid to get back to norm. More than one hemorrhoid may be treated with each visit - the treatment lasts only a few minutes. The average hemorrhoid case will require only one treatment per hemorrhoid.

Cousins (movie)

Cousins is a 1989 American romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Joel Schumacher. It is about step-cousins who have an affair. It is a remake of French movie Cousin Cousine. The movie stars Ted Danson as Larry, Sean Young as Tish and Isabella Rossellini as Maria Hardy. This movie was released in February 1989. It got mixed to high reviews from critics.

Antonov An-24

Antonov An-24 is soviet built twin-engine transport aircraft. It is used by both airlines and air forces. It is a short takeoff and landing aircraft.

It is built under licence in China like Y-7. An-26 is a modernized variant.


Symphony No. 6 (Tchaikovsky)

The Symphony No. 6 in B minor, Op. 74 is a symphony for orchestra. It was written by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky in 1893, and published the same year. The publisher choose the subtitle Pathétique. Tchaikovsky conducted the first performance on 28 October 1893. The work is celebrated for its march-like Scherzo, and its "limping" waltz finale with a 5/4 time signature.


Academic Festival Overture

The Academic Festival Overture, Op. 80 (1879) is an orchestral work by Johannes Brahms. On 11 March 1879, the University of Breslau in Poland awarded Brahms an honorary doctorate. He thanked them with this Overture. Brahms conducted the first performance in Breslau in 1881. The piece is written in modified sonata form for the largest orchestra among Brahms's 14 orchestral works. The music is based on four student drinking songs. 

Goldberg Variations

The Goldberg Variations (BWV 988) is a work for keyboard by Johann Sebastian Bach. It was written about 1741. The work consists of an aria and thirty variations. The aria was not original with Bach, but was probably based on a now lost French dance tune. The work is believed to have been commissioned by a pupil of Bach's named J. G. Goldberg. Goldberg was a celebrated virtuoso, and used the work to lull his insomniac employer Count Keyserkingk to sleep.

The basic harmonies and structure of the aria remain consistent from variation to variation. The work ends with a quodlibet, a humorous combination of two popular tunes. John Keillor writes, "The work is sublime and compassionate, graceful, warm, and relentlessly intricate, a demonstration of unmatched craft in music history and genuine, poetic imagination." In modern times, the work is played on both the harpsichord and the piano.

Later composers made adaptations of Bach's work. Among them, Josef Gabriel Rheinberger arranged a version for two pianos in the years 1880-1885. His idea was to change the work so that it could be played for a small audience in the host's home. This required major changes. In 1913, Max Reger revised this edition. He added indications on how it shood be played, and at what speed. In 1914, Ferruccio Busoni also revised the work, but he intended for it to be played in concert. He stated that it should be shortened, and that several repetitions were unnecessary. 


Witches' Sabbath

The term Witches' Sabbath was used to describe the belief that there were people, called witches, who regularly met for secret gatherings. The name is used for the gathering. One part of the name refers to the Sabbath, the day of rest in Judaism and other Abrahamic religions. The term was in common use in the Middle Ages. At that time, the Jews were shown as evil in many European countries. It was believed that the witches killed people in secret rituals or poisoned wells during the Witches Sabbath. From about the 14th century, the Holy Inquisition used this belief to organise pogroms against people it called heretics. The Catholic Church developed a whole set of ideas about witches. According to this theory, the Witches Sabbath is one of the five elements that characterize a witch. The other elements are witches' flight, a pact with the devil, the idea that they entered into a sexual relationship with the devil, and that they used black magic to harm people. The idea of a conspiracy theory was thematised more and more in the fifteenth century. People feared a secret society or sect of witches and warlocks (male witches) that would do harm. 

University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore

The University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore is the oldest engineering university in Pakistan. It is commonly known as UET Lahore.

A Midsummer Night's Dream Overture

A Midsummer Night's Dream Overture, Op. 21 is an orchestral work by Felix Mendelssohn. He wrote the work when he was 17 in 1827. Many years later, he wrote more music for Shakespeare's play. These additions include the famous "Wedding March". The fairies of the play are represented with light, skipping music, the lovers by romantic themes, and the workmen by clownish music. Bottom is represented by a drone bass that sounds like the bray (call) of a donkey.


Punched tape

Punched tape is a medium for data storage. It is made of a long strip with holes in it. The holes are used to represent information. The principle is the same as that of a punched card, except that the length is variable. Punched tape was widely used in the 1950s and 1960s, but was later replaced by other media. Punched tape was first used to program looms, in the 18th century. Similar looms are still used for weaving Tartans, but the punched tape is made of metal platelets today. Another use of punched tape is in barrel organs. 

20th century teleprinters also use punched tape. Herman Hollerith used punched tape for a census, in 1890. Gilbert Vernam, a telecommunication engineer developed the Vernam cipher in 1917. This cipher could be used with punched tape. Vernam combined a character of the punched tape, with one of a key, to give the encoded character. Combining the ecoded character with the key again gives the plain text. This is in fact an exclusive disjunction, even though Vernam used a different name. It was an automated one-time pad. The NSA has called this patent "perhaps one of the most important in the history of cryptography."

There are different formats for punching tapes. Today, two formats are left, which are mechanically compatible. One is used in Telex and early computing applications. The strip is wide, and has five positions, plus a row that serves for feeding, and is always punched. The feeding row is between positions three and four. Data positions use a quadratic raster of a width of . The other format is mainly used in computing. The strip is wide, and has eight positions. Like the other format, the feeding row is between holes three and four. Both formats save ten rows of data (or characters) on a length of . If the 5 position strip is put on top of the 8 position one, the first five holes (and the feeding row) have the same position. Thi means that a reader which is capable of reading 8-position tape can also read 5-position tape. There are devices which can output both formats.

It is possible to encode 256 different characters on an 8 hole tape, the five hole tape can hold 32 different characters. The Baudot code which is used for encoding has two special characters that allow to switch between two halves of a code. This means that the five position punchtape can encode 59 different characters.

Punched tape has some advantages:

Punched tape had gone out of use by the end of the 20th century, replaced by new technology for these reasons:

Missouri State University

The Missouri State University is a public university which is in Springfield, Missouri. The school started on March 17, 1905. In Autumn 2012, almost twenty-two thousand students were enrolled in this university.

Pope Francis

Pope Francis (Jorge Mario Bergoglio) (, , ; born on 17 December 1936) is the 266th and current pope of the Roman Catholic Church. He was elected on 13 March 2013. He chose the name Francis to honor St. Francis of Assisi.

Francis is the first Jesuit pope. He is also the first pope in more than a millennium who is not European. He is the first pope ever to come from the Americas, and the first from the Southern Hemisphere.

From 1998 until he was elected as the pope, Francis was the Archbishop of Buenos Aires. Throughout his life, both as an individual and a religious leader, he has been known for his humility, his concern for the poor, and his commitment to dialogue as a way to build bridges between people of all backgrounds, beliefs, and faiths. He has expressed concern about the effects of global warming (climate change). In his 2015 encyclical "Laudato si'" , he wrote about these issues, and others.

Since his election to the papacy, he has shown a simpler and less formal approach to the office, choosing to live in the Vatican guesthouse and not the papal residence.

Pope Francis was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He was one of the children of Mario Bergoglio, an Italian railway accountant, and Regina Maria Bergoglio (née Sívori), a housewife.

He received a master's degree in philosophy and theology from the University of Buenos Aires. After that, he studied at the seminary in Villa Devoto. He entered the Society of Jesus (the Jesuits) on 11 March 1958.

Bergoglio became a member of the Society of Jesus in 1958. He was made a priest in 1969. In 1973, he was named "provincial" or head of the Jesuits in Argentina. In the mid-1980s, he began working on a doctoral degree at Sankt Georgen Graduate School of Philosophy and Theology in Frankfurt, Germany.

Pope John Paul II appointed Bergoglio the Archbishop of Buenos Aires in 1998. During the 2001 Consistory, Pope named Bergoglio as a Cardinal.
Pope Francis and Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani met on 6 March 2021 for at most 40 minutes, part of the time alone except for interpreters, in the Shiite cleric’s modest home in the city of Najaf. Every detail was scrutinized ahead of time in painstaking, behind-the-scenes preparations that touched on everything from shoes to seating arrangements. Pope Francis said in a statement that there should be "unity" between followers of different religions.

Cardinal Bergoglio was elected on 13 March 2013. He chose the name "Francis" to honor St. Francis of Assisi. Just after he was elected, Francis told a newspaper how he chose the new name:

""Let me tell you a story," he said. He then [explained] how during the conclave he had sat next to Cardinal Cláudio Hummes of Brazil, whom he called "a great friend." After the voting, Cardinal Hummes "hugged me, he kissed me and he said, 'Don't forget the poor!' And that word entered here," the pope said, pointing to his heart. "I thought of wars, while the voting continued, though all the votes," he said ... "And Francis is the man of peace. And that way the name came about, came into my heart: Francis of Assisi."" 

Despite both his parents being Italians, Francis is the first non-European pope since Pope Gregory III in the 8th century.

Pope Francis is the first pope to speak to a session of the United States Congress. He spoke there during his visit to the United States on 24 September 2015.

Personally, Pope Francis likes to read books by authors such as Friedrich Hölderlin, Jorge Luis Borges or Fyodor Dostoevsky. He likes to watch movies of Italian neorealism, and likes to go to the opera.

He is also interested in football. He is an active member of San Lorenzo de Almagro, which is one of the teams in the "Primera División" league.

In 2015, Pope Francis released a progressive rock album titled "Wake Up!".

When Bergoglio was a Cardinal, his views about the celibacy of priests were recorded in the book "On Heaven and Earth." The book is a record of conversations he had with a Buenos Aires rabbi. In this book, he said that celibacy "is a matter of discipline, not of faith. It can change." However, he added: "For the moment, I am in favor of maintaining celibacy, with all its [positive and negative parts], because we have ten centuries of good experiences rather than failures [...] Tradition has weight and validity."

He also said that "in the Byzantine, Ukrainian, Russian, and Greek Catholic Churches [...] the priests can be married, but the bishops have to be celibate". He said that many of those in Western Catholicism who are pushing for more discussion about the issue do so from a position of "pragmatism", based on a loss of manpower. He states that "If, hypothetically, Western Catholicism were to review the issue of celibacy, I think it would do so for cultural reasons (as in the East), not so much as a universal option." He emphasized that, in the meantime, the rule must be strictly followed, and any priest who cannot obey it "has to leave the ministry."

National Catholic Reporter Vatican analyst Thomas Reese, also a Jesuit, called Bergoglio's use of "conditional language" regarding the rule of celibacy "remarkable." He said that phrases like "for the moment" and "for now" are "not the kind of qualifications one normally hears when bishops and cardinals discuss celibacy."

Pope Francis supports the Catholic teaching that homosexual acts are immoral. However, he has said that gay people should be treated with respect. Bergoglio is against same-sex marriage. In 2011, he called it "the Devil's work".

Argentina considered legalizing same-sex marriage in 2010. At that time, Bergoglio was against this legislation. He called it a "real and dire anthropological throwback." In July 2010, while the law was under consideration, he wrote a letter to Argentina's cloistered nuns in which he said:
After "L'Osservatore Romano" reported this, several priests expressed their support for the law. Gay people believe that the church's opposition and Bergoglio's language actually helped the law get passed. They also think that Catholic officials reacted by taking a less harsh tone in later debates on social issues such as parental surrogacy.

On 29 July 2013, Pope Francis gave an interview to some journalists who were traveling with him. When asked if there should be gay priests, Pope Francis replied: Afterwards, when asked if women should become priests, Francis replied: 

Three days after being elected Pope, Pope Francis told thousands of news reporters:
"[Since] many of you do not belong to the Catholic Church, and others are not believers, I give this blessing from my heart, in silence, to each one of you, respecting the conscience of each one of you, but knowing that each one of you is a child of God. May God bless you."

It is very rare for a Pope to bless people who are not Catholics. By doing this, the Pope was showing that he accepted people who belonged to different religions.
In a speech on 20 March, Pope Francis said that some people do not follow any religion, but still search "for truth, goodness and beauty." He said these people are important allies in protecting human dignity; making peace; and caring for the Earth. This meant the Pope was saying atheists could be allies of the Catholic Church, instead of enemies.

In the same speech, the Pope said that Catholic and Jewish people are connected "by a most special spiritual bond." To Muslim leaders at the speech he said: "[To] Muslims, who worship God as one, living and merciful, and [call on] him in prayer... I greatly appreciate your presence ... [In] it, I see a ... sign of a will to grow in mutual esteem and in cooperation for the common good of humanity."

In September 2013, Francis wrote a letter that was published in "La Repubblica" newspaper. The letter said that atheists would be forgiven by God if they followed their consciences and did what they thought was right. The newspaper's editor, who is not a Catholic, wrote back with a list of questions. Francis wrote back:
"You ask me if the God of the Christians forgives those who don't believe and who don't seek the faith. I start by saying—and this is the [most important] thing—that God's mercy has no limits if you go to him with a sincere and [truly sorry] heart. The issue for those who do not believe in God is to obey their conscience. Sin, even for those who have no faith, exists when people disobey their conscience."

Francis was named 2013 Time Person of the Year in December 2013.



Woodforest National Bank

Woodforest National Bank is a privately held bank. It's headquarters are in The Woodlands, Texas. It has over 750 branches in 17 different states. Woodforest National bank is Walmart's largest retail partner. Woodforest has a few branches that are open 24 hours a day and 364 days of the year. Woodforest National Bank also partners with Sam's Club and Kroger in a few states.

Woodforest National Bank offers regular accounts. They also offer "second chance" checking accounts for customers who have not remained in good standing with ChexSystems. The "second chance" accounts have higher fees and a much longer probation period than PNC Bank as of March 2012. Woodforest National Bank also offers second chance accounts for both consumers and businesses. 


Graffiti Bridge

Graffiti Bridge is a 1990 drama movie. It is about musical and creative talents. This movie stars Prince and Tevin Campbell. It received terrible reviews from the movie critics. It was nominated for a few Razzie awards.

The Day After Tomorrow

The Day After Tomorrow is a 2004 American/Canadian science fiction disaster movie. It was produced and directed by Roland Emmerich. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was released in Mexico City on May 17, 2004, and worldwide from May 26 to May 28.

The movie follows a series of severe weather events that take place around the world as a result of global warming. Among these events:
These events cause global cooling, which eventually starts a new ice age.

The movie made $186,740,799 in North America and Canada, and $542,771,772 worldwide. It was inspired by the book "The Coming Global Superstorm", co-authored by Art Bell and Whitley Strieber.


Dartford

Dartford is the main town in the Borough of Dartford, Kent, in England. It is about 18 miles south-east of London, on the River Darent. It is today a commuter town for London, but it has been more important in the past.

In prehistoric times, the first people appeared in the Dartford area about 250,000 years ago. Archaeological investigations have uncovered important finds from the Stone Age, the Bronze Age and the Iron Age. Roman villas were built along the Darent Valley. During the medieval period Dartford was an important waypoint for travellers. 

Dartford was a crossing-point for the River Darent when the Romans colonised Britain. 

Ashford

Ashford may refer to:


Bad Company (1995 movie)

Bad Company is a suspense thriller from 1995. It is about murder plots, blackmails and romance. Ellen Barkin plays Margaret and Lawrence Fishburne plays Nelson Crowe. This movie got negative reviews from critics when it was released.

Carlos Luis Fallas

Carlos Luis Fallas Sibaja (January 21, 1909 – May 7, 1966), was known as Calufa. He was a Costa Rican author and political activist. He was born in Alajuela to a single mother. Fallas only finished the first two years of secondary school. He moved to Limón. There he worked in the banana plantations of the United Fruit Company. Later, he returned to Alajuela at the age of 22 and found work as a shoemaker.


Reynaldo Bignone

Reynaldo Benito Antonio Bignone (January 21, 1928 – March 7, 2018) was an Argentine general. He was the dictatorial President of Argentina from July 1, 1982 to December 10, 1983. In 2010, he was sentenced to 25 years in prison for his role in the kidnappings, torture, and murders of the Dirty War. Along with Omar Graffigna, he was one of the last two surviving members of the military dictatorship Juntas.

Bignone was born on January 21, 1928 in Morón, Buenos Aires, Argentina. He studied at the National War College. He was never married and had no children.

On April 20, 2010, Bignone was sentenced to 25 years in prison for his involvement in the kidnapping, torture and murder of 56 people, including guerrilla fighters, at the extermination center in the Campo de Mayo military complex.
On April 14, 2011, Reynaldo Bignone was sentenced to life in prison.

On December 29, 2011, Bignone received a further 15-year prison sentence for crimes against humanity. That was for setting up a secret torture center inside a hospital during the 1976 military coup.

On July 5, 2012, Bignone was sentenced to 15 years in prison. That was for his participation in a scheme to steal babies from parents detained by the military regime. According to the court decision, Bignone was an accomplice "in the crimes of theft, retention and hiding of minors, as well as replacing their identities."

Bignone died on March 7, 2018 at the military hospital in Buenos Aires from congestive heart failure caused by septic shock after suffering a broken hip at the age of 90.

HTTP 404

The 404 or Not Found is an HTTP error message meaning the web server could be contacted, but the file or webpage trying to be accessed could not be found. It appears when the URL clicked on was moved or renamed, or does not exist (as a result of deletion, for example). 

Memoirs of an Invisible Man

Memoirs of an Invisible Man is a 1992 comedy and suspense movie. It is about an invisible man. Chevy Chase plays the invisible man. Daryl Hannah plays Alice Monroe. This movie received negative reviews from the critics. It performed poorly at the box office.

Bar-Ilan University

Bar-Ilan University (BIU; ; "") is a public university in Ramat Gan. The university is intended mainly for moderate religious people.


Clock rate

The clock rate is the frequency at which a CPU is running. It is the rate in cycles per second (measured in hertz) or the frequency of the clock in any synchronous circuit. In general, many people think a higher clock speed means a faster processor, but other factors are also come into to picture. You can not compare its performance based on only clock speed. Depend upon the architecture design of the Processor, In some CPUs, a single instruction may be performed in a single clock cycle. For Example, An Intel Core i5 1st generation has a clock speed of 3.2 GHz and the latest Intel Core i5 10th generation has a clock speed of 1.6 GHz. Note: it is important to compare processors from the same brand and generation.

Elizabeth Fry

Elizabeth "Betsy" Fry (21 May 1780 – 12 October 1845), "née" Gurney, was an English prison reformer and social reformer. She was also a Quaker and a Christian philanthropist. She has sometimes been referred to as the "angel of prisons".

Fry was very important in the creation of legislation to make the treatment of prisoners more humane. She was supported in her efforts by the monarch at the time, Queen Victoria. She was especially interested in women and children. Fry also wrote a book about prisons in Scotland and Northern England. Since 2001, she has been shown on the Bank of England £5 note.

Fry was born in the Gurney court which is in Norwich, Norfolk. The Gurneys were a Quaker family. Her family home was called the Earlham Hall. This is now part of the University of East Anglia. John Gurney (her father) worked in the Gurney's Bank. Catherine (her mother) was part of the Barclay family. They were the founders of the Barclay's Bank. Elizabeth's mother died when she was only 12 years old.

Fry was one of the eldest girls in her family. After her mother died she helped take care of her younger brothers and sisters. 

Alajuela Province

Alajuela is a province of Costa Rica. It is in the north-central part of the country, bordering Nicaragua. The provincial capital is the city of Alajuela.

The Alajuela province borders the provinces of Heredia to the east, San José to the south, Puntarenas to the southwest and Guanacaste to the west. Nicaragua is to the north of the province.

Alajuela is the third largest province of Costa Rica, after the Puntarenas and Guanacaste provinces, with an area of .

The province is in the western part of the Central Valley and is crossed by the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range) and the volcanic "Cordillera de Guanacaste" ("Guanacaste mountain range). In the northern part, along the border with Nicaragua, are the plains of the San Carlos and Frío rivers.

Two of the most active Costa Rican volcanoes are in this province: the Poás, high, and the Arenal, high.

The people of the province are known as "Alajuelenses", both men and women.

The Alajuela province had a population, in 2011, of 848,146, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The canton of Alajuela, with 254,886 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Alajuela

The Alajuela province is divided in 15 cantons, which are divided into 113 Districts.

The main economic activity in the province is farming. In the southern part of the province, tropical ornamentals, coffee, tubers, and Leaf vegetables are the major crops. Toward the north and northeast, rice, corn, pineapple, bananas, and sugarcane are important crops.

There is also an important cattle raising industry in the province, mainly in the San Carlos canton.

Alajuela has attracted many export-orientated manufacturing companies, especially within the free trade zones around the municipality of Alajuela.

Nikita Filatov

Nikita Vasilyevich Filatov (; born May 25, 1990) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who is currently a member of Salavat Yulaev of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). Filatov was loaned to HC CSKA Moscow of the KHL by the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL) in December, 2011.


Poás Volcano National Park

Poás Volcano National Park, in Spanish , is a National Park in Costa Rica. The volcano is in the province of Alajuela. The main crater is deep and is active. There are frequent small geyser and lava eruptions. The last major eruptions were during 1952-54.

The park is frequently closed because of sulphur gas. Over the last decade there have been indications that the volcano is slowly building up for a new eruption.

Mr. Saturday Night

Mr. Saturday Night is a 1992 comedic-drama movie that puts a focus toward a comedian named Buddy. Billy Crystal, who also produced, wrote and directed, plays Buddy. Helen Hunt plays for Annie Wells. This was released on September 23, 1992 to theaters by Columbia Pictures. "Mr. Saturday Night" did not perform well in terms of critic reviews or the box office.

Pérez Zeledón (canton)

Pérez Zeledón is the name of the 19th canton of the province of San José in Costa Rica. The canton has an area of . It has a population of 134,534. The capital city of the canton is San Isidro de El General.

The canton's boundaries are made by Río Savegre river, Río Guabo river, and the coastal mountain ranges. The canton has the highest mountains peaks of the Cordillera de Talamanca (Talamanca Mountain Range) on the east. In the middle of the canton, the Río General river goes from north to south.

The canton of Pérez Zeledón is divided into 11 districts ("distritos"):


The canton of Pérez Zeledón was made 9 October 1931. It was granted 4 districts: Ureña, El General, Daniel Flores, and Rivas. Ureña was the capital.

At the end of the 19th century, between 1870 and 1899, there were a few families living in the El General valley. The hamlets "(Spanish: Caseríos)" of El General, Palmares, Rivas, and Ureña were populated from 1900 onward.

The "Caserío" of Ureña grew more. By 1911, during Ricardo Jiménez Oreamuno's government, the Refuges of Ojo de Agua, El Cerro de la Muerte, and División were created. These refuges further advanced the growth of the region.

San Isidro de El General, Pérez Zeledón's capital, was given the title of "Ciudad Mártir". This was because of the civil war of 1948 that happened here.

Decree Nº274 gave the city its title. This decree established official recognition of the city's participation in the civil war of 1948. A section of the decree states (in Spanish):

Which in English would translate into:

Pérez Zeledón was also the location of major battles during the Costa Rican Civil War. One battle was the Battle of San Isidro de El General. It happened around 6:30 am. 200 government forces fought the rebels at the city's central park. The battle was won by José Figueres Ferrer and his rebels. This battle secured the southern pacific region of Costa Rica for the rebels.

The canton of Pérez Zeledón's economy is characterized by agriculture, livestock, trade, industry and tourism. One fact that has helped this economy is the canton's geographic location; it is a 'bridge' between Costa Rica's capital (San José) and the southern areas that border Panamá.

Important farming activities:


The first two products are the most important in the region.

Livestock activities are also important. Pigs and cattle being the most important. The cattle is used for meat and dairy products.

Commercial activities have also become important. There are important credit unions, banks, local companies, media, and various other companies of the San José operating in the canton.

Its main attraction is ecological diversity. There is the Chirripó National Park (one of the highest peak in Central America and the Caribbean).

Another park in the area is the Parque Internacional La Amistad.

The first elementary school in Pérez Zeledón was established during Ascensión Esquivel Ibarra's government (1902-1906). It was called Escuela Mixta de Ureña and was in the Ureña district, south of San Isidro de El General's central park. After the Costa Rican Civil War the school was moved to a new building. It currently has the name ""Escuela 12 de Marzo"", in honor of the start of the Costa Rican Civil War. It had just ended when the school was rebuilt at its current location.


San José (canton)

San José is the first canton of San José Province in Costa Rica. The capital of Costa Rica, San José, is in this canton The canton has an area of 44.62 km². In 2011, 288,054 people lived there.

Limón Province

Limón is a province of Costa Rica. It is in the eastern part of the country along the Caribbean Sea. The provincial capital is the city of Puerto Limón.

The Limón province borders the provinces of Heredia, Cartago and San José to the west, and Puntarenas province to the southwest. Nicaragua is to the north of the province, Panama to the south and the Caribbean Sea to the east.

Limón is the fourth largest province of Costa Rica, after the Puntarenas, Guanacaste and Alajuela provinces, with an area of . It has of the area of Costa Rica.

Most of territory of the province is flat land of low altitude but in the southwest is the "Cordillera de Talamanca" ("Talamaca mountain range") with the highest mountain of the country, the Cerro Chirripó, with an altitude of above sea level.

The main river of the province is the "Reventazón", the second longest river of the country after the Térraba; it is long.

Unlike the rest of Costa Rica, Limón has no dry-wet seasons. It rains all the year. The driest months are in September and October. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Puerto Limón is a "Tropical Rainforest Climate" and of the subtype "Af".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Puerto Limón is . The month with the most precipitation on average is July with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is September with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Puerto Limón is . The warmest month, on average, is May with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of 

The people of the province are known as "Limonenses", both men and women.

The Limón province had a population, in 2011, of 386,862, of the population of the country. Its population density was inhabitants/km. The canton of Pococí, with 125,962 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Limón

The Limón province is divided in 6 cantons, which are divided into 29 Districts.

The main economic activity in the province is farming, with plantations of banana, pineapple, cacao, pejibaye and other tropical crops.

In the province is the port of Moín, the most important in the country.

Limón

Puerto Limón is the capital city of Limón Province in Costa Rica. It is also a major Costa Rican port for exporting and importing. A part of the community has its roots in Jamaican laborers. They worked on the nineteenth-century railroad project. The railroad connected San José to Puerto Limón. Other parts of the population have their roots in the Nicaraguan, Panamanian, and Colombian turtle-hunters who settled in the city. 

Puerto Limon suffered the 1991 Limon Earthquake. This earthquake affected the city and the coastline.

The pirates Edward Mansvelt and his vice admiral Henry Morgan arrived at "Portete" in 1666. Portete is a small bay between Limón and Moín. They moved toward Cartago. It was the capital of Costa Rica at the time. The pirates were driven away by the inhabitants of Turrialba on 15 April. This pirate army left on 16 April and arrived in Portete on 23 April. They left Costa Rica and did not return again.

The town was officially created in 1854 by Philipp J. J. Valentini. He had the government's help.

Limón has a tropical rainforest climate (Köppen’s climate classification). Average temperatures are very constant all the year. The average is 25 degrees Celsius. Limón has no dry season. The driest month is September. It has an average of 160 mm of rain. The wettest month is December. It has an average of 400 mm of rain. Limon has 3,400 mm of rain annually. 

Bossier City, Louisiana

Bossier City is the seventh most populous city in the state of Louisiana. is in Bossier Parish, it is a inner suburb of Shreveport. The population, as of 2020, is less than 63,000.


Reuben sandwich

A Reuben sandwich is a type of hot sandwich. It has corned beef, Swiss cheese, Russian or Thousand Island dressing, and sauerkraut. It is made on rye bread.

Baconator

The Baconator is a sandwich made by Wendy's restaurants. It has two beef patties, two slices of American cheese, six strips of bacon, mayonnaise, and ketchup on a bun. It was introduced in April 2007. In 2009, Wendy's started offering two other versions of the Baconator: the Baconator Single (one patty) and the Baconator Triple (three patties). The original version is now called the Baconator Double. Wendy’s also has Baconator Fries, Baconator Breakfast, and Son of Baconator. The last one on that list is a smaller version of the same sandwich.

Artemisia (genus)

Artemisia is a large genus of plants, with between 250 and 500 species. Most of them grow in temperate zones on the northern hemisphere. The genus belons to the family Asteraceae. Example species in aremisia are mugwort ("A. vulgaris"), Wormwood, or Sagebrush.

University of Wollongong

The University of Wollongong (also simply known as UOW) is a public research university in Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia. In 2012, the University had a total of 30,516 domestic students enrolled, and 11,440 international students enrolled from more than 140 countries. In 2014, over 37,000 students are studying in the University, including over 11,600 international students.

The University of Wollongong marked the University's 60th Founding Anniversary in 2011.

The University has five campuses and four education centres:






All-Russia Exhibition Centre

The All-Russia Exhibition Centre ( — called also: "All-Russian Exhibition Center"), or Exhibition of Achievements of National Economy is one of the largest exhibition centers in the world. The center is in Moscow, Russia and was opened in 1935 as a Soviet exhibition center.


Nobody's Fool (1994 movie)

Nobody's Fool is a 1994 American comedy-drama movie. The movie takes place in a fictional town in New York. It stars Paul Newman. Jessica Tandy, Melanie Griffith, Bruce Willis are also members of the cast. "Nobody's Fool" was released to very good review by critics. It also did well at the box office.

Daphne Blake

Daphne Blake is a fictional character from "Scooby-Doo". She is a cheerful and high-spirited girl who usually enjoys a sense of fashion. Daphne has a crush on Fred Jones. Daphne was played by Indira Stefanianna in the original show and later by Heather North. Kellie Martin played her in A Pup Named Scooby-Doo. Since 2001, she was voiced by Grey DeLisle. Sarah Michelle Gellar played her in the live action Scooby Doo movies. Constance Wu played Daphne in Velma. 

Toccata and Fugue in D minor

The Toccata and Fugue in D minor, BWV 565 is a work for organ by Johann Sebastian Bach. It was written about 1708. It is often identified with melodramatic silent movies and scary movies, and was made famous when Walt Disney included the music in his animated movie "Fantasia". Today, though, the original manuscript is lost and the work is known through copies made by Bach's students.

"Toccata" has been referenced many times throughout popular culture. It is often used to represent fright, mystery, or the macabre, possibly due being written in a minor key.


Shaggy Rogers (Scooby-Doo)

Norville "Shaggy" Rogers is a fictional character from "Scooby-Doo". Shaggy is best friends with his dog Scooby Doo. Shaggy likes to eat a lot of food and gets scared easily and is known for saying his catchphrase, "Zoinks". 

Shaggy has been voiced by Casey Kasem and Matthew Lillard, with the latter reprising his role from the two Raja Gosnell movies. Will Forte roles the voice of Shaggy in CGI animated film "Scoob!".

Various internet memes portray Shaggy as a god who uses a low percentage of his power after eating Scooby Snacks. Matthew Lillard thought the Ultra Instinct Shaggy memes were funny and loved them.

Zachary Levi

Zachary Levi Pugh known as Zachary Levi, (born September 29, 1980) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Chuck Bartowski in the television series "Chuck" and Captain Marvel in "Shazam!" and its upcoming sequel "Shazam! Fury of the Gods". He has also acted in "" and "Tangled". Levi was born in Lake Charles, Louisiana. 

Levi played Captain Marvel in the 2019 DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!"

The Crossing Guard

The Crossing Guard is an independent 1995 American drama movie. Jack Nicholson plays Freddy. Anjelica Huston plays Mary. They are a divorced couple whose daughter was killed by a drunk driver. When Freddy finds out that the man who killed his daughter has been released from prison, he decides to kill him. This movie was released in November 1995. It got very positive marks from the critics.

Law &amp; Order

Law & Order is an American television show and it originally aired on NBC from September 13, 1990 to May 24, 2010. It is a police procedural and legal drama. It's the longest primetime crime drama show in America. Season 0 (Pre-1) (Pilot) could've been aired in 1988. A revival was aired in 2022.

Many of the crimes in the episodes were "ripped from the headlines", meaning they were based on crimes that really happened. Episodes of the show were usually split into two parts. The first part would show the crime, the police looking for the suspect (the person they think did the crime), and the suspect being arrested. This is the "Law" part. The second part, the "Order" part, would show the trial and whether or not the suspect did the crime.


Yeshiva

A yeshiva is a Jewish place of education. It is focused on study of the Torah and Talmud.



Helium-4

Helium-4 (also written He) is an isotope of helium. It is the most common isotope of helium in the universe. Out of all the helium on the Earth, 99.99986% is helium-4. The nucleus (the center) of a helium-4 atom is also known as the alpha particle. Helium-4 is made of 2 protons (the part of an atomic nucleus with a positive charge), 2 neutrons (the part of an atomic nucleus with no charge) and 2 electrons (the part of an atom that goes around the nucleus with a negative charge).

Many helium-4 on Earth is produced from the alpha decay of heavy elements. In the Sun and the whole universe, most helium-4 is made during the Big Bang, the event that created the universe. This "Big Bang helium-4" is known as the "primordial helium". Helium-4 is also made in nuclear fusion at the center of stars. Primordial helium is not found on Earth due to it escaping because of the extremely high temperature of Earths creation.
Helium-4 on Earth was made through radioactive decay (when an atom breaks down into smaller atoms) from other elements, and it is made after the planet cooled and became solid.

One quarter of all the mass in the Universe is helium-4. The rest is mostly hydrogen.

When helium-4 in its liquid form is cooled to below -271.17 °C (2.71 K), it turns into a superfluid. A superfluid is a special kind of fluid that has properties that are different from normal fluids. For example, if helium-4 as a superfluid is placed in an open container, it will climb the walls of the container and spill out. This is called a "Rollin film". It is caused by a phenomenon in quantum mechanics that is known as the Clausius-Clapeyron relation. The nucleus of helium-4 has a total spin of zero (an integer), and this makes it a boson. Now, the superfluid behaviour is a form of the Bose-Einstein condensate that can only be done by bosons.

Helium-4 can also be found on the Moon. On Earth, it is the most common isotope of helium.

William H. Webster

William Hedgcock Webster (born March 6, 1924) is an American attorney, jurist, and current Chairman of the Homeland Security Advisory Council. Previously Webster was the third Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) from 1978 to 1987 and Director of Central Intelligence from 1987 to 1991.

Webster was born on March 6, 1924 in St. Louis, Missouri. He studied at Amherst College and at Washington University in St. Louis. Webster was married to Drusilla Lane Webster from 1950 until her death in 1984. They had three children. He married Lynda Clugston in 1990. He now lives in Washington, D.C..

Brent Scowcroft

Brent Scowcroft (March 19, 1925 – August 6, 2020) was a United States Air Force Lieutenant General. He was the United States National Security Advisor under U.S. Presidents Gerald Ford and George H. W. Bush.

Scowcroft was born on March 19, 1925 in Ogden, Utah. He studied at Columbia University. Scowcroft married to Marian Horner in 1951. They had one daughter.

Scowcroft died on August 6, 2020 at his home in Falls Church, Virginia at the age of 95.


Ramallah

Ramallah ( "Rāmallāh" is a Palestinian city, in the West Bank. It is north of Jerusalem. It currently serves as the "de facto" capital of the State of Palestine, Palestine Liberation Organization and the Palestinian National Authority. The constitutional capital is Jerusalem. Ramallah has over 27,000 people living there. Ramallah was historically a Christian town, but today Muslims form the majority of the population, with 25% of the people Christians.

The name of the city is made of "Ram", an Aramaic word that means "high place or mountain", and "Allah", the Arabic word for God. It translates as "Height of God".

Palestinian PLO leader (1969-2004) Yasser Arafat is entombed here in mausoleum.


Kiss of Death (1995 movie)

Kiss of Death is a 1995 suspense-thriller movie. A former convict living in New York City tries to go straight. He is derailed when he gets into transportation of stolen cars. Samuel L. Jackson plays Detective Calvin, Helen Hunt plays Bev Kilmartin, David Caruso plays ex-con Jimmy Kilmartin and Nicolas Cage plays Little Junior Brown. This movie was released in April 1995 and received mixed reviews from the critics.

Maximum and minimum

In mathematics, the maximum and minimum of a set A is the largest and smallest element of A. They are written as formula_1 and formula_2, respectively. Similarly, the maximum and minimum of a function are the largest and smallest value that the function takes at a given point. Together, they are known as the extrema (the plural of extremum).

Minimum means the least you can do of something. For example, if the minimum amount of dollars you must pay for something is seven, then you cannot pay six dollars or less (you must pay at least seven). You can do more than the minimum, but no less. Maximum means the most you can have of something. For example, if the maximum amount of oranges you can juggle is five, you cannot juggle more than five oranges. You can do the maximum or less.

For a differentiable function formula_3, if formula_4 is an extreme value for the set of all values formula_5, and if formula_6 is in the interior of the domain of formula_3, then formula_6 is a critical point, by Fermat's theorem.


Alexandria, Louisiana

Alexandria is a city in the state of Louisiana. It it the largest city in the Central Louisiana region, ninth-largest in the state and parish seat of Rapides Parish. Alexandria was incorporated in 1818. In 2020, about 45,000 people lived there.

Disclosure (movie)

Disclosure is a 1994 American drama thriller movie starring Michael Douglas and Demi Moore. It is about sexual harassment, lies and corporate matters. The movie was released in December 1994 and got mixed reviews by critics, though it performed well at the box office.

Stall

Stall may refer to:



Michael Rapaport

Michael Rapaport (born March 20, 1970 in New York City) is an American comedian and actor. He works mostly in movies. He played a racist skinhead in the movie "Higher Learning". He played Paul in "Beautiful Girls". He has also worked in television programs.

Jagged Edge (movie)

Jagged Edge is a 1985 American courtroom drama thriller movie set in San Francisco. It is about manipulation, lies and murder. Jeff Bridges stars. Glenn Close plays Teddy Barnes. This movie did well at the box office.

Self Control

"Self Control" is an international song performed by Laura Branigan and released in 1984. The song has been remade many times, the most notable is by Ricky Martin. The single has been performed through other musicians over the years.

Costa Rican people

Costa Ricans, ("costarricenses" in Spanish) are also called ticos. They are from a multiethnic Spanish speaking nation in Central America. It is called Costa Rica. Costa Ricans do not consider their nationality one ethnicity. This is because there are many ethnic backgrounds. Costa Ricans are mostly criollos, castizos and mestizos. There are four small minority groups: Mulattos, Blacks, Amerindians and Asians.

The 2011 Census states Costa Rica has a population of 4,301,712 people.

Tarrazú (canton)

Tarrazú is the name of the 5th canton of San José Province in Costa Rica. The canton has an area of 297.50 km².

The canton of Tarrazú is divided in three districts ("distritos"):


Red Dawn (1984 movie)

Red Dawn is a 1984 American war action movie. It was released in August 1984 with both good and bad reviews. It starred Patrick Swayze, Lea Thompson, Charlie Sheen and Jennifer Grey. The film is set in an alternative 1980s in which the United States is invaded by the Soviet Union and its Cuban and Nicaraguan allies. World War III is mentioned in the movie, but is not fully explained. The story follows a group of American high school students who resist the occupation with guerrilla warfare, calling themselves Wolverines, after their high school mascot. The movie was the first to use a rating of PG-13. The movie did very well at the box office.


Pope Callixtus I

Pope Saint Callixtus I or Callistus I (217-222 C.E.) was the sixteenth Pope, the official title is the Bishop of Rome of the Catholic Church, during the reigns of the Roman Emperors Elagabalus and Alexander Severus. He is considered a saint of the Roman Catholic Church.

He was a slave of a Christian who had educated him. He went into business but the business failed. After some trouble, he was sent to the mines in Sardinia but was freed due to the efforts of Pope Victor I. Callistus went to work for Pope Zephrynus and became a great influence upon him.

He was a very unpopular pope to the theologians of the day.

His tomb was discovered in 1960 in the cemetary of Calepodius and can be seen even today. His feast day is celebrated on October 14.

Pope Callixtus II

Calixtus II (or Calistus II) (died 13 December 1124), born Guy de Burgundy, the fourth son of William I, Count of Burgundy, was elected Pope on 1 February 1119 after the death of Pope Gelasius II. His pontificate was shaped by the Investiture Controversy, which he was able to settle through the Concordat of Worms (in 1122).

Lolita Davidovich

Lolita Davidovich (born 15 July 1961) is a Canadian actress. She has had many notable movie roles. She played Blaze Starr in the 1989 movie "Blaze". She was in the 1991 movie "JFK". She also acted in the television series "The L Word". Davidovich was born near London, Ontario.


Virtual International Authority File

The Virtual International Authority File (VIAF) is a joint project of several national libraries and operated by the Online Computer Library Center (OCLC).

In 1998, the project was started by the German National Library and the U.S. Library of Congress.

In 2003, VIAF was established.

The file numbers are being added to some Wikipedia articles about people.


Guarding Tess

Guarding Tess is a 1994 American suspense-comedy with its subject revolving around a United States Secret Service agent whose job is to protect a former First Lady. Nicolas Cage plays as Secret Service Agent Doug, and Shirley MacLaine plays former First Lady Tess Carlisle. The movie also stars Edward Albert as Barry Carlisle and Richard Griffiths as Frederick. This suspense-comedy was released March 11, 1994, and received very positive reviews from the critics.

Moscow Center of SPARC Technologies (MCST)

MCST () is a microprocessor company that was set up in the 1992s. Different types of processors made by MCST were used in personal computers, servers and computing systems.

MCST develops microprocessors based on 2 different instruction set architecture (ISA): "Elbrus" and "SPARC"



Mega Man 10

Mega Man 10 is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Wii's WiiWare service, Xbox Live Arcade, and Playstation Network. It is the sequel to "Mega Man 9". Like "Mega Man 9", it has the same graphics as the Nintendo Entertainment System "Mega Man" games. It was released during March 2010.

In "Mega Man 10", players can play as one of two characters. They can play as Mega Man or Proto Man. In April 2010, Capcom released download content for the game which makes a third character, Bass, playable as well. The player chooses their character at the start of the game. Once they select their character, it cannot be changed.

Like in "Mega Man 10", three difficulty settings are available. In higher difficulties, enemies and bosses have different attacks. Easy Mode is available for players who want an easier game.

Mega Man: Dr. Wily's Revenge

Mega Man: Dr. Wily's Revenge is a platform video game by Capcom for the Game Boy game console in 1991. It is the first "Mega Man" video game for a handheld video game console. It was re-released for the Virtual Console on the Nintendo 3DS in 2011.

Mega Man Xtreme

Mega Man Xtreme is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Game Boy Color game console in 2000. It is a spin-off game in the "Mega Man X" series which started on the Super NES. It was followed by a sequel, "Mega Man Xtreme 2", in 2001.

The game has three difficulty levels. Normal has four levels, Hard has four different levels, and Xtreme has all eight levels. Stages, enemies, bosses, and music from "Mega Man X" and "Mega Man X2" are re-used in the game.

Kiss of Death

Kiss of Death may refer to:





Classic NES Series

The Classic NES Series (Famicom Mini in Japan and NES Classics in Europe and Australia) are a series of video games originally released for the Nintendo Entertainment System (the Famicom in Japan) re-released for the Game Boy Advance in 2004 and 2005. They were released for the 20th anniversary of the Famicom in Japan. 12 games were released in the United States, Europe, and Australia, while 30 games were released in Japan. The games released include "Super Mario Bros.", "The Legend of Zelda", and "Pac-Man". A special Game Boy Advance SP which looks like a NES controller was released to go along with the games.

Quadrangular space

The quadrangular space is an area in the arm. It is between the following:

The axillary nerve and posterior humeral circumflex artery are in the space.

Leonardo De Lorenzo

Leonardo De Lorenzo (29 August 1875 – 29 July 1962) was an Italian flautist, composer and music educator. 

De Lorenzo was born in Viggiano, province of Potenza. He studied flute at Naples. He emigrated to the United States in 1909. He performed with many American orchestras. From 1923 to 1935, he taught flute at the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, New York. He died in Santa Barbara, California.

Malachi Throne

Malachi Throne (December 1, 1928 – March 13, 2013) was an American actor. He was known for his role as False-Face in "Batman" and as Noah Bain in "It Takes a Thief". He had a small role in Steven Spielberg's 2002 movie "Catch Me If You Can".

Throne was born on December 1, 1928 in New York City, New York. He studied at Brooklyn College. His acting career began when he was ten years old. 

Throne was married to Judith Merians from 1965 until they divorced in 1992. They had two children. Then he was married to Marjorie Throne from 1992 until his death in 2013. 

Throne died on March 13, 2013 in his home in Brentwood, Los Angeles, California from lung cancer, aged 84.His remains were cremated. 


Bel-Air

Bel Air (or Bel-Air) is a neighborhood in the Los Angeles Westside, in the foothills of the Santa Monica Mountains. It was founded in 1923. It is a lightly populated residential district. The people are older, well-educated, and have high incomes.

Urinary system

The urinary system (the urinary tract) is a system of organs that makes urine/pee and takes it out of the body. 

Urine is watery waste of the body. Our body needs to collect this waste and get rid of it. Our body makes urine in two organs - the kidneys. To make urine, kidneys filter blood from blood vessels. 

The urinary includes several organs: the kidneys, ureters, the urinary bladder, and urethra.

The kidneys remove waste chemicals like urea from the blood. The blood containing chemical wastes enters the kidneys through the renal arteries. The blood is processed through the nephron to make urine. Urine is yellow liquid with waste chemicals in it.

Then the urine goes down from the kidneys to the urinary bladder. It goes to it through two tubes - one tube from each kidney. The tubes are called ureters. 

The urinary bladder is a soft container. It has muscles. Its muscles can make it bigger or smaller. It becomes bigger when it is full of urine. At such times we feel it, and we have to pee.

There is one tube that goes out of the urinary bladder. This tube lets the urine out of the body. This tube is the urethra. It is the only urinary organ different in men and women. 

In women the urethra is shorter and wider inside. Its outer end is between a woman's legs. It opens on her outer sex organs (vulva). A woman's urethra serves only to pass urine.

In men the urethra is longer. It serves two functions. As a part of urinary system, it pased urine out of the body. As a part of reproductive system it passes seminal liquid. This liquid has in it male sex cells. These cells are called sperm cells. Sperm cells are made in the male sex glands - testes. The liquid with cells forms in another gland. This gland is below the bladder. This gland is called the prostate. The male urethra passes through the prostate and goes on through another organ. This male organ is a tube with the urethra. This tube is on the front of a man's body below the abdomen. This tube is called the penis. 

Women do not have it. To have sex and make babies, the penis goes into a women's wider tube, which is called the vagina. It does not pass urine: women's urethra goes in front of the vagina. Men get orgasms from their penis. Women have orgasms from their vagina and clitoris. Clitoris is an organ in women for orgasm only. It is much smaller than a penis. The women's urethra is not in the clitoris, but behind it. 

The urinary system is linked to the sex organs of men and women. Sex organs are called genitals. Genitals and the urinary system make the genitourinary or urogenital system. Its organs are male or female; internal (inside) or external (outside the body).
Passing urine outside is called urination.

TA medical science on the urinary system is urology. Medical doctors in urology are urologists. Women with urinary problems can also go to a gynecologist. Men's sex organs are checked by urologists andrologists. 

Bachelor Party (1984 movie)

Bachelor Party is a 1984 American comedy movie. It is about a school bus driver and a bachelor party thrown for him. Tom Hanks plays Rick Gassko, the bus driver. This movie got mixed to negative reviews from critics.

Death and the Maiden (movie)

Death and the Maiden is a 1994 drama movie. It was directed by Roman Polanski. The movie is based on the play by Ariel Dorfman. It starred Sigourney Weaver, Ben Kingsley and Stuart Wilson. The movie was released in December 1994.



Irish music

Irish music is the music of Ireland. Ireland shares folk music traditions with other Celtic nations such as Scotland, but many of its more modern artists such as U2, Sinead O' Conner, Thin Lizzy, The Corrs, Clannad, Enya, Snow Patrol and The Cranberries are also internationally famous.


Sinéad O'Connor

Sinéad Marie Bernadette O'Connor (8 December 1966 – 26 July 2023) was an Irish singer-songwriter. She was perhaps most famous for performing the 1990 Prince song "Nothing Compares 2 U" which was nominated for three Grammy Awards. In 1991, she refused her Grammy Award for Best Alternative Album.
On 11 June 1992 she met Craig Fraser at a bar in Tintagel, Cornwall. They were an item until September 1992 when Fraser's alcohol abuse stripped away their relationship.
On 3 October 1992, O'Connor appeared on "Saturday Night Live" as a musical guest. She sang an a cappella version of Bob Marley's "War". She meant it as a protest against sexual abuse of children in the Catholic Church. She then showed a photo of Pope John Paul II to the camera while singing the word "evil", after which she ripped the photo into pieces and threw the pieces towards the camera. This happened nine years before John Paul II said that there was sexual abuse within the Church.

She was an Independent Catholic priest, rejecting the authority of Rome. She was openly bisexual, and had four children, each by a different father. All her four marriages ended in divorce. She was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in 2005. 

She released nine studio albums. Her last album, "How About I Be Me (And You Be You)? "was released in 2012. She released the second single from it, "4th and Vine" in February 2013.

In October 2018, O'Connor she had converted to Islam, calling it "the natural conclusion of any intelligent theologian's journey." She changed her name to Shuhada' Sadaqat.

O'Connor died on 26 July 2023 at her home in Herne Hill, London at the age of 56.


Benigno Aquino Jr.

Benigno Simeon "Ninoy" Aquino, Jr. was a Filipino senator and a former Governor of Tarlac.

Benigno Simeon Aquino, Jr. was born on November 27, 1932 to Benigno Aquino, Sr..

Aquino, Gerry Roxas and Jovito Salonga formed the leadership of the opposition to the government of President Ferdinand Marcos. Shortly after that, he was arrested in 1973 for seven years. Aquino was allowed to travel to the United States for medical treatment following a heart attack.

Aquino was shot to death at the Manila International Airport in 1983 upon returning from his self-imposed exile because of the Martial Law of Ferdinand Marcos.

His death caused his widow, Corazon Aquino, to run for President in 1986, resulting overthrow of the dictator Ferdinand Marcos. She is the first female president to hold the office and the 11th President of the Philippines.

In 1987, Manila International Airport (MIA) was renamed to Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) through Republic Act No. 6639 which was enacted without executive approval on November 27, 1987.

Their only son, Benigno Aquino III, became president in 2010 to 2016.

Steve Lillywhite

Stephen Alan "Steve" Lillywhite, (born 15 March 1955) is an English record producer. He is a five-time Grammy Award winner. He was born in Egham, Surrey. He is best known for his work with U2. He produced their first three albums, "Boy", "October" and "War". He has worked with many other artists including The Rolling Stones, Dave Matthews Band, Bruce Foxton (of The Jam), Big Country, Peter Gabriel, Talking Heads, Morrissey, Thirty Seconds to Mars, The Killers, The Pogues, David Byrne, XTC, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Simple Minds, The Psychedelic Furs, Beady Eye, Phish, Counting Crows and Joan Armatrading. 

Lillywhite was married to singer Kirsty MacColl from 1984 to 1994. They had two sons, Jamie and Louis. He has been married to Patricia Louise Galluzzi since 29 May 2004.

Lillywhite was awarded the Commander of the Order of The British Empire (CBE) in 2012 for his contributions to music.

Tarlac

Tarlac () is a landlocked province of the Philippines in Central Luzon. Tarlac is surrounded by Pampanga at the south, Nueva Ecija at the east, Pangasinan at the north and Zambales at the west. It is a part of Central Luzon. Tarlac is populated by 1,273,240 people as of 2010.


Crooklyn

Crooklyn is a 1994 semi-autobiographic drama movie. It was directed by Spike Lee. He also wrote the movie and acted in it. The movie takes place in the 1970s in Brooklyn, New York. The stars Alfre Woodard, Delroy Lindo, David Patrick Kelly, and Zelda Harris. "Crooklyn" was released in May 1994 and did well at the box office.

Mixed Nuts

Mixed Nuts is a 1994 Christmas comedy movie. It is about incidents during the holiday season. Juliette Lewis, Madeline Kahn and Parker Posey are in the cast. This was released on December 21, 1994 for the United States. The movie received very bad reviews from critics. It did not make much money.

Corazon Aquino

Maria Corazon Sumulong "Cory" Cojuangco-Aquino (January 25, 1933 – August 1, 2009) was a Filipina politician who was the 11th President of the Philippines, the first woman to hold that office, and the first female president in Asia. She is known as ""The Mother of Philippine Democracy"". She led the 1986 People Power Revolution, which fled Ferdinand Marcos and restored democracy in the Philippines. She was named "Time" magazine's ""Woman of the Year"" in 1986.

Her husband was Benigno Aquino, Jr., a Filipino senator. She is the mother of Benigno Aquino III, the previous President of the Philippines.

She was born on January 25, 1933.

She was a very important figure in the People Power Revolution.

Aquino was diagnosed with cancer in March 24, 2008.

She died on August 1, 2009 at the age of 76 of colorectal cancer.


Turhan Bey

Turhan Bey (30 March 1922 – 30 September 2012) was an Austrian born actor. Bey was active in Hollywood from 1941 to 1953. Bey was born as Gilbert Selahettin Shahultavey. He was the son of Turhan Bey a Turkish Diplomat and of Irma Meyer a Czech Jewish lady. In 1930, he moved to the United States. There he studied with Ben Ard at the School of Dramatic Art and at the Pasadena Playhouse. 

Bey began using his stage name soon after moving to the United States. He moved with his Jewish mother from Vienna to escape the Nazis. His popular nickname was "The Turkish Delight". This was a reference to his good looks that made him an very good partner for exotic actresses such as Maria Montez movies set in faraway places.

He began his career in Hollywood in 1941. He became one of the actors who almost always appeared in the Universal movies with Maria Montez. The movies he appeared with her include "Raiders of the Desert", "Bombay Clipper", "Arabian Nights", "White Savage", "Ali Baba and the 40 Thieves", "Follow the Boys" and "Bowery to Broadway".

Bey acted with the big stars of that time in movies such as "A Night in Paradise", "Out of the Blue", and "The Amazing Mr. X" until the popularity of the genre lessened in the 1950s. 

Bey moved back to Vienna and worked as a photographer. He did some work as a stage director, and also one of the founder of the Pro Circumcision Group "Eurocirc". He returned to Hollywood for a short time in the 1990s. During this time, he worked on both television and movies. He was nominated for an Emmy Award for his work as Turval on the space fantasy TV series "Babylon 5".

Turhan Bey died in Vienna on September 30, 2012 after being ill with Parkinson's disease for a long time. He was cremated on October 8, 2012. 

Cadillac Man

Cadillac Man is a 1990 comedy movie. It was directed by Roger Donaldson. The movie stars Robin Williams and Tim Robbins. The movie is about the problems of a car salesman in New York City. These problems include his wife wanting alimony, his two mistresses, his missing daughter and money owed to the Mafia. The movie was released in May 1990.

Bures, England

Bures is a village in England. Some of it is in Suffolk and some is in Essex. Bures was listed in the Domesday Book as "Bura"/"Buro". It has a church called St Mary.

Pacific Heights (movie)

Pacific Heights is a melodramatic 1990 suspense drama movie. It is about apartment tenants who are at first welcomed, but later evicted and forced to leave the apartment. Michael Keaton, Melanie Griffith and Laurie Metcalf are in the cast. This movie was released in September 1990, and the reviews were mixed. However, the movie performed very well at the box office, earning back almost $45 million.

Aldham, Essex

Aldham is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2011 there were 491 people living in Aldham. It has a church called St Margaret.

Mount Bures

Mount Bures is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. It is above the River Stour, north-west from Colchester and south-east of Sudbury.

Mount Bures takes its name from the "Mount" or "Mound" which is at the centre of the village, and "bur" which means building or dwelling. Mount Bures was previously called Bures Saint John, Little Bures or Bures Sackville to distinguish it from Bures Hamlet and Bures Saint Mary.

The railway opened in 1848 and runs through the centre of the village. The nearest railway station is at Bures Hamlet. The village has a church called St John's Baptist Church. It is close to the mount.

The parish has no main focus of settlement, but many scattered small settlements around tyes or greens; for example, Downing Tye, Mount Green, Janks Green, and Piotts Green. In 2011, there were 249 people living in Mount Bures.

Mount Bures has a rich historical background in relation to the Boudiccan revolt. The "motte" (mound) of Mount Bures is most commonly recognised as Boudicca’s Mount; due to the ideology that the queen’s warriors were buried here.

Bookmaker

A bookmaker, bookie or Turf Accountant is person or company that collect bets for sporting events. Bets are placed and the winnings are paid when the chosen team wins or the event happens. If team that was chosen wins, the person betting will win their money back with some earnings.

Bookmakers are very popular in UK and Ireland. The person betting can chose from many variations. Most bets are made in sports such as football, horse racing and rugby. Bets can also be placed for events such as Academy Awards or presidential winners. The first known bookmaker in the United Kingdom was Harry Ogden in the1790s.

Origen

Origen (or Origenes, also Origen(es) Adamantius) was an early Christian scholar. He lived in Alexandria in the 3rd century. He was born in the year 185 or 186, and proably died around the year 254. Today, he is regarded as one of the Church Fathers, but not as a Saint. This is probably because he had some ideas, which were declared to be false later on. These ideas included that the human soul existed before conception, and entered the human body before birth (generally known as pre-existence). Another idea was that of the souls entering a different human body after death. A third idea, called Apocatastasis, is that the reign of god would be restored when the world ends. These ideas were discussed by church fathers, but it was decided that they were false beliefs. The Ecumenical Council of Constantinople in 453 CE posthumously excommunicated Origen, and the 2nd Council of Constantinople in 553 CE declared "apocatastasis" as heresy. However, in recent years the idea has found some reconsideration especially among Restorationist Christian groups.

His writings are included in the general collection of early Church Fathers. However, unlike many church fathers, Origen was never canonized by the Catholic Church, because some of his teachings (for example, that every man and woman, and even the devil and his demons, would ultimately be saved) directly contradicted the teachings and actions of the apostles.

Origen wrote about many branches of theology, including textual criticism, biblical exegesis and hermeneutics, philosophical theology, preaching, and spirituality. Some of his teachings, however, quickly became controversial. Notably, he frequently referred to his hypothesis of the pre-existence of souls. In the beginning all intelligent beings were united to God. In his writingas, Origen also considered the possibility, that in the end all beings, perhaps even the arch-fiend Satan, would be reconciled with God in what is called the apokatastasis ("restitution"). 

Origen saw the Son of God as subordinate to God the Father. Even though this view of the Trinity was common at the time, it became controversial during the Arian controversy of the fourth century. A group who came to be known as Origenists, and who firmly believed in the preexistence of souls and the apokatastasis, were declared anathema in the 6th century. This condemnation is attributed to the Second Ecumenical Council of Constantinople (553), though it does not appear in the council's official documents.

Angels &amp; Insects

Angels & Insects is a 1995 romantic drama movie. The movie stars Mark Rylance, Kristin Scott Thomas and Patsy Kensit. It got good reviews from the critics.

Before Sunrise

Before Sunrise is a 1995 romantic drama movie. The movie stars Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy. In the movie, a man named Jesse (Hawke) and a woman named Celine (Delpy) meet on a train and get off the train in Vienna. A romantic encounter begins from there. "Before Sunrise" was released January 27, 1995. It was very well liked by critics.

It was followed by sequels "Before Sunset" and "Before Midnight".

On June 16, 1994, Jesse and Céline meet on a Budapest-bound train, quickly forming a connection. With Jesse bound for the U.S. and Céline for Paris, they decide to spend a spontaneous evening together in Vienna. As they wander the city, they share personal stories, explore philosophical and emotional topics, and experience a deepening romantic connection. Despite their brief time and initial intentions to part ways without contact, their bond grows so strong that, by morning at the train station, they decide not to exchange contact details but to meet in the same spot in six months.

Pope Lando

Pope Lando (913-14) (; died 914) was the 122nd Pope from July or August in 913 until February or March in 914. 

Little is known about the short period during which Pope Lando was the head of the church.

Lando was to be the last pope with a name that was completely unique until Pope Francis's election. Since then, there has not been another pope with the name Lando.

Until Pope John Paul I in 1978, Pope Lando was the last pope to use a papal name which had not been used by an earlier pope.


Point Place, Louisiana

Point Place is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. Point Place is the suburb of Natchitoches.

Sosúa

Sosúa is a Dominican municipality in the Puerto Plata province, on the north coast of the country.

"Sosúa" is a taíno name of the small river (Sosúa River) that crosses the city and ends in the Atlantic Ocean, on the western part of the Sosúa Bay.

The municipality is surrounded by the Espaillat province to the east and to the south, the municipality of Puerto Plata to the west and the municipality of Villa Montellano to the northwest. The Atlantic Ocean is to the north of Sosúa.

The city had, in , a total population of 29,653: 14,796 men and 14,857 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Sosúa is along the Sosúa Bay, a small bay with two headlands: to the east is "Punta Sosúa" ("punta" is a Spanish word that means, in this case, a headland) that was named as "Punta Seca" ("Dry headland") by Columbus in his first visit to the island; and to the west is "Punta Payne", in front of the Sosúa Beach.

The bay is divided in two smaller bays:

Sosúa has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Puerto Plata . The city is about from the Puerto Plata International Airport.

At the beginning of the 20th Century, the United Fruit Company began to grow bananas around the present Sosúa to send the fruits to the United States. The company had over 1.5 million banana plants, and in the year 1900 they sent thousands of fruits to the United States alone. Many people came to live here and to work with the company. United Fruit later closed the Sosúa banana operations in 1916.

Seven hundred and fifty German and Austrian Jews refugees came to the Dominican Republic between 1940 and 1945 to live in Sosúa. Here they created a dairy and cheese factory named "Productos Sosúa" that is still working. When the World War II ended, some of this refugees went to live to United States but many of them stayed in Sosúa.

On March 27, 1958, Sosúa became a Municipal District and later, on August 12, 1978, a municipality.

With the development of tourism in the mid 1980s in the country, Sosúa came to be one of the most important places for tourism in the northern coast.

The municipality of Sosúa has two municipal districts:

Even if agriculture and fishing were very important activities in the past, since the mid 1980s tourism has come to be most important economic activity, with several important hotels in the city and in places near Sosúa and Cabarete.


Now and Then (movie)

Now and Then is a 1995 comedy-drama movie. It is about four women in two different time periods: 1970 and 1991. Demi Moore plays Samantha Albertson, Christina Ricci and Rosie O'Donnell play Roberta Martin, Thora Birch and Melanie Griffith act as Tina "Teeny" Tercell. Lolita Davidovich plays Samantha's mom. It was released on October 20, 1995. Reviews for this comedy-drama were very negative, although "Now and Then" has since become a classic.

Perseus Arm

The Perseus Arm is one of two major spiral arms of the Milky Way galaxy. The second major arm is called the Scutum–Centaurus Arm.

The Milky Way is a barred spiral galaxy with two major arms and a number of minor arms or spurs. The Perseus Spiral Arm, with a radius of about 10,700 parsecs, is between the minor Cygnus and Carina–Sagittarius Arms. It is so named because it is seen in the same direction as the constellation Perseus.

The local spur known as the Orion–Cygnus Arm, which includes the Solar System and Earth, may be a branch of the Perseus Arm, but this is unconfirmed.

The Perseus Spiral arm contains a number of Messier objects:
It also contains a star 100 times larger than the sun. AC130

Jack Greene

Jack Greene (January 7, 1930 - March 14, 2013) was an American country musician. His nickname was the "Jolly Green Giant" because of his height and deep voice. Greene was a long-time member of the Grand Ole Opry. He was nominated for three Grammy Awards.

Greene was born on January 7, 1930, in Maryville, Tennessee, he learned to play guitar at age ten. He was married to Barbara Stidham the mother of his 5 children, Wayne Greene, Lynn Greene (deceased), Tony Greene, Jan Greene & Marty Greene. Greene died on March 14, 2013 in his home in Nashville, Tennessee from Alzheimer's disease, aged 83.


Beverly D'Angelo

Beverly Heather D'Angelo (born November 15, 1951) is an American actress. She acts mostly in movies. She first became well known in the 1983 movie "National Lampoon's Vacation". She also acted in many other movies, particularly comedy movies. She was born in Columbus, Ohio.

D'Angelo was in the 1980 movie "Coal Miner's Daughter". She shared the Country Music Association award for Album of the Year for that movie's soundtrack.

Staten Island Ferry

The Staten Island Ferry is a free ferry service that runs between the New York City boroughs of Staten Island and Manhattan. The service started in 1817 as the Richmond Turnpike Company. It leaves and arrives in Manhattan from the Staten Island Ferry Whitehall Terminal near Battery Park City. In Staten Island, it leaves and arrives from the Saint George Ferry Terminal near Richmond Terrace. The trip takes around 25 minutes each way. Service is provided 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Late-night service is one trip per hour and, during rush hours, four per hour.

The ferry carries bicycles. The ground entrance to the ferry is only for bicycle riders. Automobiles were also carried for a fee of $3.00 per automobile. This ended after the September 11, 2001 attacks.

Over 21 million people ride the Staten Island Ferry a year. Around 75,000 ride on a weekday.


You Belong with Me

"You Belong with Me" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was written by Swift and Liz Rose, producer by Nathan Chapman and Swift.The song was released in 2009 in the United States. It is about a boyfriend having an argument with his girlfriend. The reviews of this song were mixed to positive. The song was also covered by Selena Gomez.

This Is 40

This is 40 is a 2012 American comedy drama movie. It is a spin-off to the movie "Knocked Up". The movie stars Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann. Megan Fox and Melissa McCarthy also appear. It was released in December 2012 and received mixed reviews from critics.

My Girlfriend's Boyfriend (2010 movie)

My Girlfriend's Boyfriend is a 2010 romantic comedy movie. It is about a novelist and problems around him. The movie stars Alyssa Milano, Beau Bridges and Carol Kane. It was released in May 2010 in the United States. The movie received very positive reviews from the critics.

Corcovado National Park

Corcovado National Park is a national park in Costa Rica. It was established on 24 October 1975. It has an area of 425 km² (263 mi²). National Geographic called this park ""the most biologically intense place on Earth in terms of biodiversity"". The park very popular with tropical ecologists. Visitor can see a lot of wildlife.

Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica

The Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica is unicameral. It is the legislative branch of the government of Costa Rica. The Legislative Assembly's building is in San José city.

Cruelty to animals

Cruelty to animals is when a person harms or even kills an animal or pet. There is a fine in some countries and in more serious cases one can go to jail. The animal that suffers could be stolen, or it could be the owner abusing their own pet. Some ways in which people could abuse the animal would be by locking it, keeping it tied to a chain, giving it little or no food or water, kicking and hurting it, yelling and scaring it or leaving it outside in cold or hot weather for a long period of time. Sometimes people will also abandon their pet. Some examples of animal cruelty are neglect, hoarding, or physical abuse.



Rand Paul

Rand Paul (born January 7, 1963) is an American politician. He is the United States Senator from Kentucky (serving with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell). He is a Republican and the son of Ron Paul.

Paul is a member of the Tea Party movement.

Paul used to be a doctor. 

Paul was diagnosed in 2020 with the coronavirus, one of the first senators with it. 
Paul was sworn in on January 5, 2011, along with his father, who simultaneously served in the House of Representatives.

Rand was assigned to serve on the Energy and Natural Resources, Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, Homeland Security and Government Affairs, and Small Business committees. Paul also formed the Senate Tea Party Caucus.

For the 113th Congress, Paul was added to the Foreign Relations committee and retained his spot on the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, Homeland Security and Government Affairs, and Small Business committees.

On March 6–7, 2013, Paul engaged in a filibuster to delay voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA. Paul questioned the Obama administration's use of drones and the stated legal justification for their potential use within the United States. Paul held the floor for 12 hours and 52 minutes.

In the beginning of 2015, Senator Paul re-introduced the Federal Reserve Transparency Act. Senator Paul also introduced the FAIR Act, or Fifth Amendment Integrity Restoration Act, which would restrict civil forfeiture proceedings.

On May 20, 2015, Paul spoke for ten and a half hours in opposition to the reauthorization of of the Patriot Act. Sections of the Patriot Act were prevented from being reauthorized on 1 June.

Paul officially announced his candidacy for the 2016 U.S. presidential election on April 7, 2015. He dropped out of the race on February 3, 2016. His run to be the president only received 1 delegate. His campaign was under the Republican Party.

Paul married Kelley Ashby in 1990. Together, they have three children.

On November 3, 2017, Paul was assaulted in his home by his 59-year old neighbor. The neighbor was arrested by state troopers, and was subsequently charged with one count of 4th degree assault. Although initial announcements stated that Paul had only minor injuries, subsequent news reports explained that he sustained five broken ribs.

Paul announced on March 22, 2020, that he had tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19).


Marco Rubio

Marco Antonio Rubio (born May 28, 1971) is the senior United States Senator from Florida. He is a Republican. He was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 2000, and he served as the Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives from 2006 to 2008. 

Rubio's family moved from Cuba to the US in the 1950s. He was born in 1971 in Miami, Florida. He has one brother and two sisters. Rubio's family moved to Las Vegas, Nevada during the 1980s but they later came back to Miami. After high school he stayed in Florida and went to the University of Florida, where he graduated in 1993 with a political science degree. After that he went to law school at the University of Miami, where he got a doctorate in law.

After being in local politics, Rubio ran for the Florida House of Representitives and won. Eventually he became the Speaker of the House, an important political position. In 2010 he ran for US Senate. He ran a long shot campaign at first: most people thought that Florida's Governor, Charlie Crist would get the Republican nomination. Rubio won the primary, but Crist entered the race as an independent. In a three way race between himself, Crist, and Democrat Kendrick Meek, Rubio was elected to the Senate in 2010.

Rubio has become well known since entering the Senate. He has been critical of President Barack Obama and has proposed his own ideas in place of Obama's plans on more than one issue. He wrote a plan for the economy supporting free market economics and has proposed tax cuts for small businesses that have innovative ideas. Rubio also introduced a reform of the US immigration system and recently supported changes to how colleges deal with sexual assault.

Rubio announced in May 2015, that he will not seek re-election because of his presidential campaign. After suspending his presidential campaign, Rubio announced he would seek a second term in June 2016. Rubio defeated Democratic challenger Patrick Murphy in the 2016 election.

On April 13, 2015, Rubio announced his candidacy for president in 2016 and that he would not seek re-election to his Senate seat. His campaign started at the Freedom Tower in Miami, a building that many Cuban immigrants passed through. 

During the 2016 Republican Party presidential primary, Rubio came in third place in Iowa. Since then, he came in second or third place in the Nevada and South Carolina primaries. He won the Minnesota primaries after Super Tuesday. On March 6, 2016, Rubio won the Puerto Rico primary by winning almost 74%. He also won the Washington, D.C. caucus. 

Rubio suspended his campaign on March 15, 2016 after losing the Florida primaries to Donald Trump.

Rubio married Jeanette Dousdebes in 1998. Together, they have four children. The Rubios live in Miami, Florida. Marco has two sisters, Veronica and Barbara, and an older brother, Mario. Rubio has said in his books that he is a fan of rap music. When he was a young man he played football, and once hoped to play the game in the NFL. Rubio has also written two books.


Irssi

irssi is an command-line IRC client. It is commonly used on Unix machines, but is also available for Windows.


Greedy (movie)

Greedy is a 1994 comedy movie. It is about greed between relatives of a business tycoon. Nancy Travis plays Robin and Michael J. Fox plays Danny. This comedy had mixed reviews and a weak box office revenue when it was released.

Russian Academy of Sciences

The Russian Academy of Sciences (, shortened to , "RAN") is a network of scientific research institutes across the Russian Federation. consists of the national academy of Russia and a network of scientific research institutes from across the country. It also includes other scientific and social groups like libraries, publishing units and hospitals.

The Academy was started in 1724 as the St Petersburg Academy of Sciences. It had various names and became the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union. In 1991 it became again the Russian Academy of Sciences.

Like the French Academy of Sciences and unlike The Royal Society in Britain, the Russian Academy of Sciences has two types of membership. The top-level members are academicians (833 scientists, as of November 2023). The next-level members are corresponding members (1097 scientists). There are also professors of the RAN (713 scientists). 16 professors became academicians and 163 professors became corresponding members. These are now counted twice: as professors and as members. The last elections were organized in May-June 2022. To be elected to the Academy is a great honor for any researcher.


Big Business (1988 movie)

Big Business is a 1988 American comedy movie set in Two pairs of identical twin girls are switched at birth in West Virginia and go into two different settings in New York City. Bette Midler acts as Sadie, Lily Tomlin plays Rose. This movie was released in June 1988. It received lukewarm reviews by critics, although it performed quite well at the box office.

Solar car

Solar cars (or solar vehicles) are a special type of electric vehicle that only get their power from the sun. They use solar cells on the surface of the car to produce electricity and the electricity makes a motor turn, and that turns the wheels. They are not useful for normal driving, but once built, they can drive all day and not make any pollution. There are also some solar-powered vehicles for unusual cases, like the first rovers on Mars.

Also, there are electric vehicles that can be charged from separate solar panels, and those panels can be as big as needed. This can work to power an electric car for most daily needs. But this is not called a solar car, since it doesn't have the solar panels right on the car.

The first competition was a trip from Sydney, Australia to Perth in 1983. 

There are now several competitions to see who can build the best solar-powered car. Some of these are for college students, some are open to anybody. It is not easy to build a good solar car. This is a good test of engineering skills, and helps improve the efficiency of cars and test solar equipment.


Laws of Attraction

Laws of Attraction is a 2004 Irish-British-German romantic comedy-drama movie. It is about two high-profile divorce lawyers in New York City. It stars Julianne Moore, Pierce Brosnan and Parker Posey. The movie got bad reviews from critics when it was released, but it earned back its budget revenue.


Don Keefer

Donald Hood "Don" Keefer (August 18, 1916 – September 7, 2014) was an American actor. He was known for his roles in "Death of a Salesman", "Creepshow", "The Twilight Zone", "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid", "Gunsmoke", and in "Liar Liar".

Keefer was born on August 18, 1916 in Highspire, Pennsylvania. He studied at The Actors Studio. Keefer was married to Catherine McLeod from 1950 until her death in 1997. They had three children: Donald, John and Thomas.

Keefer died from natural causes on September 7, 2014 in Sherman Oaks, California. He was 98.

Fritz Weaver

Fritz William Weaver (January 19, 1926 – November 26, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his guest-star roles in "The Twilight Zone", "Night Gallery", "The X-Files", "Matlock", and "Demon Seed". He was also known for his role as Dexter in "Creepshow". He won a Tony Award in 1970.

Weaver was born on January 19, 1926 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Weaver studied at Peabody High School. He was married to Sylvia Short from 1953 until they divorced in 1979. Then he married Rochelle Oliver in 1997. Weaver had two children with Short.

From 1995 until his death, Weaver has worked primarily as a voice actor, providing narration for programs on the History Channel.

Weaver died at his home in Manhattan on November 26, 2016, aged 90. No cause of death was immediately available.

Hans Schnitger

Henri Carel Willem "Hans" Schnitger (August 5, 1915 – March 2, 2013) was a Dutch field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. Schnitger was a member of the Dutch field hockey team, which won the bronze medal. He played all five matches as forward.

Schnitger was born in Enschede, where he lived until his death on March 2, 2013 from natural causes, aged 97.


Chemtrail conspiracy theory

A chemtrail is a trail of chemicals left by an airplane at a high altitude. According to a conspiracy theory, the chemicals are said to be deliberately sprayed for reasons that are kept secret by the government. Most scientists and workers in the aviation industry say that the trails left by planes are just a form of condensation. These are called contrails (condensation trails).

People who believe the theory have speculated about what purpose chemtrails may serve. Some say it is to change the weather or stop global warming. Others say that it is to control the population by spreading chemicals that are harmful to the human reproductive system. Some more recent versions of the theory say that chemtrails are being spread by companies that make genetically-modified (GMO) crops. The chemtrails supposedly contain herbicides that will only kill normal (organic) crops and will not affect the genetically-modified crops.

Some claim that specially modified planes, supposedly owned and operated by the government, are necessary to create a chemtrail. The chemicals are said to either come from the engine or from special nozzles on the plane. In some versions of the theory, the chemical is said to be barium or a barium compound, but in other versions it is aluminum oxide, or a mixture of barium compounds and aluminum oxide.

Chemtrails are not to be confused with the spraying of chemicals over short distances at a low altitude, such as aerial firefighting or crop-dusting.

Several photographs on the Internet have been claimed to show the inside of planes that spread chemtrails. They show ballast barrels installed on the inside of the plane. In reality, these are photographs of test planes or firefighting planes. The real purpose of the barrels is to simulate the weight of passengers or cargo. The barrels are filled with water, and the water can be pumped from barrel to barrel to test different weight distributions while the aircraft is in flight.


Robert Conquest

George Robert Acworth Conquest (15 July 1917 – 3 August 2015), known as Robert Conquest, was an English-American historian and poet. He was best known for his influential works of Soviet history. They include "The Great Terror: Stalin’s Purges of the 1930s". He received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in November 2005.

Conquest was born on July 15, 1917 in Great Malvern, Worcestershire, England. He studied at Magdalen College, Oxford. 

He was married to Joan Watkins from 1942 until they divorced in 1948. Then he was married to Tatiana Mihailova from 1948 until they divorced 1962. Then he was married to Caroleen MacFarlane from 1964 until they divorced in 1978. Then he was married to Elizabeth Neece Wingate from 1979 until his death in 2015. He had two sons from Watkins and one step-daughter from Wingate. 

Conquest died in Stanford, California from respiratory failure caused by Parkinson's disease at the age of 98.



Alan Greenspan

Alan Greenspan (born March 6, 1926) is an American economist.

Greenspan was born on March 6, 1926 in New York City, New York to a Romanian-Hungarian-Jewish family. He studied at George Washington High School and at New York University.

He was the Chairman of the Federal Reserve of the United States from 1987 to 2006. He currently works as a private adviser and provides consulting for firms through his company, Greenspan Associates LLC. He was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in November 2005.

Greenspan was first appointed Federal Reserve chairman by President Ronald Reagan in August 1987. He was reappointed at successive four-year intervals until retiring on January 31, 2006 after the second-longest tenure in the position.

Greenspan was married to Joan Mitchell from 1952 until they annulled their marriage in 1953. He married Andrea Mitchell in 1997. He now lives in New York City and in Washington, D.C..


Ed Harris

Edward Allen "Ed" Harris (born November 28, 1950) is an American actor, writer, and director. He was born in Englewood, New Jersey, and raised in Tenafly. He is best known for his roles in "Pollock", "Appaloosa", "The Rock", "The Abyss", "The Truman Show", "A Beautiful Mind", "A History of Violence", "Enemy at the Gates", "The Right Stuff", "Gone Baby Gone", and "Paris Trout". He won an Golden Globe Award, an Drama Desk Award, and an Screen Actors Guild Award.

Harris studied at Tenafly High School and at Columbia University. He married the actress Amy Madigan in 1983. They have one daughter, Lily Dolores, born in 1993. Harris now lives in Los Angeles, California. His father was actor Bob L. Harris.


Module (mathematics)

In abstract algebra, a module is the generalization of a vector space. Modules are defined with respect to a ring. A vector space uses vectors and scalars, it defines the operations of additions and multiplication of these two. 

Modules also generalize the idea of abelian group. Abelian groups are modules over the ring of integers.

Moravia (canton)

Moravia is a canton in the San José province of Costa Rica. San Vicente is the main city of the canton. The canton is named after President Juan Rafael Mora Porras (1814 – 1860). Since there was a canton called Mora, this one was named Moravia.

Moravia was created on 1 August 1914. Law No. 55 created Villa San Vicente on 1 August 1914. The first session of the Council of Moravia was held on 19 January 1915. The first electric street lighting was also installed that year. Law No. 3248 gave the town of San Vicente city status on 6 December 1963.

Moravia has an area of . The canton has an average elevation of .

The canton begins in the northern suburbs of the capital of Costa Rica, San José. It continues northeast toward the Cordillera Central (Central Mountain Range). The Virilla, Pará, and Blanco rivers are on the north and west edges of the canton. The Quebrada Azul and Macho rivers form the southeast boundaries of the canton.

Other rivers in Moravia include Quebrada Barreal, Quebrada Lajas, Quebrada San Francisco, Quebrada Tornillal, Quebrada Yerbabuena, Acequia, Agrá, Hondura, Ipís, Pará Grande, Paracito, and Zurquí. Mountain peaks in the area include Zurquí (1,583m), Vargas (1,396m), and Trina (1,270m).

Moravia has highly populated suburbs in the south and rural mountain landscapes to the north. The canton of Vázquez de Coronado is to the east and north of Moraia/ San Isidro, Santo Domingo and Tibás are to the west. To the south of Moravia is Goicoechea.

The canton of Moravia is has three districts:

Wild Orchid (movie)

Wild Orchid is an 1989 erotic suspense movie. It was directed by Zalman King. The movie stars Mickey Rourke, Carré Otis, Jacqueline Bisset, Bruce Greenwood, Oleg Vidov and Assumpta Serna. "Wild Orchid" deals with stalking, deception and blackmail in Rio de Janeiro. The first version of the movie was too sexual for an R rating. The MPAA threatened give the movie an X rating. King edited the movie down to get the R rating. The movie got very bad reviews by critics, including Roger Ebert, but it was successful in terms of international box office earnings.

Amphitrite

Amphitrite was the Greek goddess of the sea springs and ocean life. Married to Poseidon, usually said to be a Nereid but sometimes said to be an Oceanid.

Sankt Georgen Graduate School of Philosophy and Theology

The Sankt Georgen Graduate School of Philosophy and Theology (German: "Philosophisch-Theologische Hochschule Sankt Georgen") is an academic seminary in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.

The school was founded in 1926 by the Society of Jesus.

Sank Georgen established a Jesuit theology program in 1951. 

In 1986, Pope Francis he began work on a doctorate degree at Sankt Georgen.


Isthmus of Tehuantepec

The Isthmus of Tehuantepec is an isthmus in Mexico. It is the shortest route between the Gulf of Mexico and the Pacific Ocean. Before the Panama Canal opened, it was a major shipping route known as the Tehuantepec Route

Laura Chinchilla

Laura Chinchilla Miranda (born 28 March 1959) served as the President of Costa Rica from 2010 to 2014. She is Costa Rica's first female president. She is the sixth woman to be elected president of a Latin American country. She was one of Óscar Arias Sánchez's two vice presidents. She was his administration's Minister of Justice. She was the governing PLN candidate for President in the 2010 general election. She won with 46.76% of the vote.

Chinchilla was born in Carmen Central, San José in 1959. Her father was Rafael Ángel Chinchilla Fallas. He was a former comptroller of Costa Rica. Her mother was Emilce Miranda Castillo. She married Mario Alberto Madrigal Díaz on 23 January 1982 and divorced on 22 May 1985. She had a son in 1996 with José María Rico Cueto, a Spanish lawyer who has a Canadian citizenship; Chinchilla married him on 26 March 2000. He died in April 2019, aged 84.

Chinchilla graduated from the University of Costa Rica. She received her master's degree in public policy from Georgetown University.
Before politics, Chinchilla worked as a NGO consultant in Latin America and Africa. She specialized in judicial reform and public security. She served in the José María Figueres Olsen administration as vice-minister for public security (1994–1996) and minister of public security (1996–1998). 

From 2002 to 2006, she served in the National Assembly as a deputy for the province of San José.

Chinchilla was one of two vice-presidents elected under the second Arias administration (2006–2010). She resigned the vice-presidency in 2008 in order to prepare her run for the presidency in 2010. On 7 June 2009 she won the Partido Liberación Nacional (PLN) primary with a 15% margin over her nearest rival, and was thus endorsed as the party's presidential candidate.

Her term ended in 8 May 2014.

Finding Bliss

Finding Bliss is a 2009 movie. It is a romantic comedy about the adult film industry. The movie stars Leelee Sobieski, Denise Richards and Kristen Johnston. It was released in June 2010 in the United States. The movie was given very negative reviews by critics.

Battle of the Plains of Abraham

The Battle of the Plains of Abraham was a battle fought between French and British soldiers on September 13, 1759. It was part of the French and Indian War, which was part of the Seven Years' War. 

The battle took place on a plateau near the Saint Lawrence River in Quebec City. The plateau was on land once owned by a farmer named Abraham Martin. For this reason, the land was called the "Plains of Abraham".

Each side had about 4500 troops in the battle. The French soldiers, led by Louis de Montcalm, wore blue uniforms. The British soldiers, led by James Wolfe, wore red uniforms. Both leaders were young men. Both died in the battle.

The French had a fort on the Plains of Abraham. Through rumors and spies, they knew the British were coming. But when the British arrived in June, the French were not prepared and did not have all their troops with them. Many of the French troops were not as well trained as the British troops.

The British began a siege that lasted three months. On September 13th, the French attacked. The British held off the attack. Eventually the British took control of the battle. The French withdrew and surrendered on September 18, 1759.

The war continued in 1760 and the British took Montreal. New France was defeated, taking Canada from France and making it part of the British Empire. In North America, however, France still controlled Louisiana, which was not conquered by the British and never became part of the British Empire.

E. G. Marshall

E. G. Marshall (Everett Eugene Grunz; June 18, 1914 – August 24, 1998) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles as Lawrence Preston on "The Defenders" and as David Craig on "". He won two Emmy Awards in 1962 and in 1963. He was also known for his roles in "12 Angry Men" and "Creepshow".

Marshall was born on June 18, 1914 in Owatonna, Minnesota to a Norwegian-German family. He studied at Carleton College and at the University of Minnesota.

Marshall was married to Helen Wolf from 1939 until they divorced in 1953. Then he was married to Emy de Haze Winkelman until they divorced. Then he was married to Judith Coy until his death in 1998. He had five children. Marshall died on August 24, 1998 in Bedford, New York from lung cancer, aged 84.


Death Wish (series)

The "Death Wish" movie series is a series of action movies. It was created by Michael Winner in 1974. It is based on the book of the same name by Brian Garfield, written in 1972.

The series is about Paul Kersey (played by Charles Bronson). Kersey kills criminals, including gangsters, drug dealers, murderers, and rapists. He kills them either because he is hired to do so by another person or for revenge. His wife, daughter, and some of his friends were killed by criminals. Their death made Kersey want to kill criminals. Many cops think that he is a criminal. Others think that he's helping. The movies are set in either New York City, Chicago or Los Angeles. The entire series lasted for twenty years. Bronson played Kersey in all five movies.

Kersey was born in New York City of the early 1920s. Kersey's father was an English-American who originated from Norman England. His mother comes from Provo, Utah. Kersey's Norman English ancestor, Pierre Whítmoré Keèrsye, changed his name to "Kersey". Kersey served in World War II from 1944 to 1945. In 1953, he served in the Korean War in the medical corps. In the late 1950s, he went to New York City to settle down.


Adrienne Barbeau

Adrienne Jo Barbeau (born June 11, 1945) is an American actress, singer, and writer. She is known for her roles in "Creepshow", "Grease", and in "Escape from New York". She is known for her television roles in "Maude" and in "".

Barbeau was born on June 11, 1945 in Sacramento, California. Her ancestry include Armenian, German, Irish, French, and Canadian. Barbeau was raised in San Jose, California. She studied at Del Mar High School. 

Barbeau was married to John Carpenter from 1979 until they divorced in 1984. Then she married Billy Van Zandt in 1992. She had one son with Carpenter and twin sons with Zandt. She now lives in Los Angeles, California.


Lame duck

Lame duck is a term used to describe an elected politician who will soon be leaving office. It is used for those leaving either because the have held the office for the most terms they are allowed to (term limit) or because they have lost an election. Because they are not seen to still have much remaining power, lame duck politicians will often not get much done. They sometimes make decisions that many people do not agree with because they know the decision will not make them lose an election.

For example, a US President is said to be a lame duck president during their second term as President because they can only be President for two terms. If they lose the election to stay as the President for a second term, they are also seen as a lame duck from the time the election results are final until January 20 of the next year when the winner of the election becomes President. 

Cantons of Costa Rica

This is a list of the cantons of Costa Rica.

Costa Rica's seven provinces ("provincias") are divided into 81 cantons. Cantons divided into districts ("distritos").


Moravia (disambiguation)

Moravia is a region in the Czech Republic. It might also mean:


Pitjantjatjara

Pitjantjatjara () is the name of a nation of native Australian people. They live in the central Australian desert. The people call themselves "Aṉangu", a word which means "person" or "people" in their own language. The group is considered part of the Western Desert cultural bloc. Pitjantjatjara people are closely related to their two closest neighbours: the Yankunytjatjara and the Ngaanyatjarra. They can understand much of each other's languages. There are currently about 4,000 people from this nation living in small communities spread out across their homeland.

The homeland of the Pitjantjatjara covers north-western South Australia and the south-west of the Northern Territory. More communities are located a short distance over the border in Western Australia. The land they live in is special to them. It forms a large part of their culture and beliefs. In South Australia, they mostly live in the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. This area is where the Pitjantjatjara language is strongest. In the Northern Territory, their country is on the south side of Lake Amadeus. It is centred around Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa, two of their most sacred sites. 

Pitjantjatara are historically a nomadic people. They lived in small family groups, travelling from one rock hole to another depending on the water and food that was available. In the mid-20th century, most families settled in new communities they built together. They have kept their culture and identity despite outside influences and attempts to force them to change. These influences come from the wider Australian community.

Edge of Darkness (2010 movie)

Edge of Darkness is a 2010 drama thriller movie. It is about a detective who gets involved with the murder of his political activist daughter and gets caught up in conspiracy. The movie stars Mel Gibson. It was released in January 2010 in the United Kingdom and the United States. The reviews for this were mixed. It earned $81 million in the box office.

Going the Distance (2010 movie)

Going the Distance is a 2010 American romantic comedy movie directed by Nanette Burstein. It stars Drew Barrymore, Justin Long and Christina Applegate. It is about Erin, a graduate school student from San Francisco who meets a man in New York City and tries to keep the relationship going when she returns home. The movie was released in September 2010. It received mixed reviews from critics, but did very well at the box office.

Gyroscope

A gyroscope is a device used to measure or maintain an angular position. It works using the principles of angular momentum. The gyroscope is made up of a spinning wheel or disc, as well as (in some cases) many other moving parts. It helps with navigation, and plays a part in such things as a gyrocompass and artificial horizon.

Heart Attack (song)

"Heart Attack" is a 2013 single from singer Demi Lovato. It is about heart issues being caused from lovesick feelings. This single became a hit in certain areas and a strong charting song overall. It received good reviews from music critics.

San Jose

San José is Spanish for Saint Joseph.

San Jose or San José might also mean:





Areyonga, Northern Territory

Areyonga (also called in Pitjantjatjara) is a small town in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is located about 220 km west of Alice Springs. About 300 people live in the town, most of whom are Aboriginal. The people are mostly Pitjantjatjara, with some Arrernte and Walpiri families. The town is governed by Areyonga Aboriginal Community.

Areyonga was founded during the 1920s. A long drought forced Pitjantatjara families to leave Kaḻṯukatjara and other places in the Petermann Ranges. They originally moved to Hermannsburg and then set up a new community at Areyonga. A Lutheran mission was established in the settlement in the 1940s. In the 1970s, many people from the mission moved back to the community at Kaḻṯukatjara. The Lutheran mission at Areyonga was closed in 1990, and the land was given back to the native people as part of the Haasts Bluff Aboriginal Land Trust.


Ross and Cromarty

Ross and Cromarty is an area of the Highlands of Scotland. It has many mountains and few people.



Irrunytju, Western Australia

Irrunytju (also called Wingellina) is a small Aboriginal community in Western Australia. It is located in the Goldfields-Esperance region, about southwest of the Surveyor Generals Corner (where the borders of Western Australia, South Australia and the Northern Territory meet). There are about 150 people living in the community, most of whom are Ngaanyatjarra.

The town is surrounded by the Wingellina Hills, a set of large granite hills with mulga and mallee growth. The name of the community, "", comes from the name of a sacred site located in the hills to the south.

The area was part of the Central Australia Aboriginal Reserve when the reserve was created in 1922. In 1955, however, the borders of the reserve were moved to allow for mining and prospecting, mostly of nickel. Mining camps were set up in the area around what is now Irrunytju. In response, Aboriginal families moved to settle around these camps. Some got jobs with the miners and were paid in food rations; others were simply there to protect places of spiritual importance from outsiders. Some companies took steps to make sure their miners respected these sites; other companies did not, and several sacred sites were damaged during this period. The area was made part of the reserve again in 1972.

Once the miners left, the Aboriginal families stayed and built a permanent settlement using what was left from the mining camps (shelters, bores, etc.). The community was also given money from the federal government to help establish a permanent settlement. The community became incorporated in 1976. It became a member of the Ngaanyatjarra Council in 1981.

Irrunytju has remained on Aboriginal land since 1972. Economic activities in the area are governed under the Ngaanyatjarra Indigenous Land Use Agreement, formed in 2006. The community maintains many traditional activities, such as hunting and gathering bush tucker. The community has had its own art centre, Irrunytju Arts, since 2001.


Rusyn language

Rusyn (Rusyn: ' or ') is an East Slavic language. It is spoken by the Rusyns of Central Europe. In English, it is also called Ruthene or Ruthenian. Some linguists treat it as a distinct language. Some Ukrainian scholars think it is a dialect of Ukrainian.

Rusyn is spoken in the Transcarpathian Region of Ukraine, in northeastern Slovakia, in Vojvodina, in southeastern Poland, in Hungary and in northern Romania.

In Serbia, Rusyn is an official minority language. Since 1995, Rusyn has been an official minority language in Slovakia. In some Slovak municipalities, it is an official language.

Rusyn is listed as a protected language by the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages in Slovakia, Serbia, Croatia and Romania.


Tjuntjuntjara Community

Tjuntjuntjara is a remote Aboriginal community in the southeast of Western Australia. It is located in the Great Victoria Desert, inside the Great Victoria Desert Nature Reserve. It is about east of Kalgoorlie. The nearest place with more people is the town of Laverton, . Tjuntjuntjara is connected to Irrunytju in the north by a dirt track.

There are about 160 people living at Tjuntjuntjara. They speak a southern variety of the Pitjantjatjara language. They identify as belonging to a group of people known as ' (meaning "from the spinifex plains"). This group of people are among those that were removed from their homelands in the 1950s and 1960s due to nuclear weapons testing at Woomera Test Range. Most of the people now living at Tjuntjuntjara were previously living at Cundeelee, then a Christian mission, further to the west. Other communities of ' people include Oak Valley and Yalata, over the border in South Australia.

Tjuntjuntjara was founded in the late 1980s. Cundeelee was being closed, so a group of elders led members back east to their homelands to set up a new community. The first choice for a location was Yakadunya (about of Tjuntjuntjara). A water bore was drilled and a temporary camp was formed, but there was not enough water in the ground. The community moved northward to what is now Tjuntjuntjara.

Tjuntjuntjara has since grown into a large community. It acts as a service centre for several outstations. These outstations are occupied at certain times of the year for hunting and gathering and ceremonies. The community is governed by a local council. Facilities and services are managed by the Paupiyala Tjarutja Aboriginal Corporation, a non-profit organisation. The community has its own health clinic. The community school, Tjuntjuntjara Remote Community School, was opened in 2008. Both the clinic and the school are helped by the federal government. Mail is flown in by plane once per week. A truck delivers food supplies to the community once every two weeks. There is no police station.

The Spinifex Arts Project was set up in 1997 for the community to create artworks.

The community is growing. There were about 40 living at Tjuntjuntjara during the 1980s. In the 2006 census, there were 150 people, and in the 2011 census there were 162 people living in 17 houses.


The Switch (2010 movie)

The Switch is a 2010 movie. It is a romantic comedy about a woman who wants to get pregnant. The movie stars Jennifer Aniston, Jason Bateman, Patrick Wilson and Juliette Lewis. "The Switch" was the last movie to be distributed by Miramax before that company was sold by Disney. It was released on August 20, 2010. The movie was not well liked by critics. It made almost 50 million dollars at the box office.



Paneuropean Union

The Paneuropean Union was a movement to join the countries of Europe. It was founded in 1923.

Union of European Federalists

The Union of European Federalists is a non-governmental organisation in the European Union. Its aim is to promote European integration. It was founded in 1946 after World War II.


Acrididae

The Acrididae are the main family of grasshoppers, with 10,000 of the 11,000 species of the entire suborder Caelifera. The Acrididae are best known because all locusts (swarming grasshoppers) are of the Acrididae. However, not all Acrididae are locusts: 'locust' is a term that is only given to those grasshoppers that swarm.

Acrididae grasshoppers have relatively short and stout antennae, and drum-like tympana on the side of the first abdominal segment.

The name Acrididae is derived from Greek "akris", meaning locust.

The Proposal (movie)

The Proposal is a romantic comedy movie from 2009. It is about a Canadian executive chief of staff working at a New York City book publishing company. She learns she will be deported due to an expired visa unless the visa matter is taken care of. Sandra Bullock plays the executive. Ryan Reynolds plays her assistant. This movie was released in June 2009. The reviews were mixed to negative. "The Proposal" took in over $317 million in the box office. It became the highest grossing romantic comedy in 2009.

Farsi1

Farsi1 is a Persian language satellite television channel. It was created in 2009. The channel is broadcast into Iran from Hong Kong by a company co-owned by Rupert Murdoch. Since the channel's creation, Farsi1 has become the most popular TV channel in Iran. The channel broadcasts TV series from Korea, Latin America and the United States. Its most popular series tend to be Colombian telenovelas. 

Selen Soyder

Mükerrem Selen Soyder (born in Alsancak, İzmir, Turkey on December 26, 1986) is a Turkish model. She was Miss Turkey in 2007.

Wherry Lines

The Wherry Lines are railway lines in England, from Norwich to Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft. These lines go through The Broads. The line is part of the Network Rail Strategic Route 7, SRS 07.11 and is a rural line. The name of the line is taken from the Norfolk wherries, which played an important role in the transport of goods and people around the broads before road and rail transport became widespread.

Norfolk wherry

The Norfolk wherry is a type of boat on The Broads in Norfolk, England. Three main types were made over its life, all using gaff rig with a single, tall sail and the mast stepped well forward.

Scalpel

A scalpel is a very sharp knife, made to be used for surgery. Scalpels were developed for cutting through tissue. In 2013, most scalpels used for surgery had blades which are only used once. The blade is replaced after use. Sometimes, the lower part of the scalpel is re-used. The blades are made of different kinds of metal or steel. In some cases, titanium, diamond or obsidian are used. Magnetic resonance imaging uses magnetism to generate an image. This means that people performing operations in such an environment cannot use metal tools. In some cases, scalpels are replaced with lasers, or with electrocautery. Ancient Egyptian medicine used scalpels for enbalming; the material used was obsidian, it is still in use today. Medicine in ancient Rome used over 150 different tools, among them, the scalpel.

Ferney Park

Ferney Park is a football stadium in Ballinamallard, Northern Ireland. Ballinamallard United F.C. play there 

Ælfthryth, wife of Edgar

Ælfthryth ( - 1000 or 1001, also Alfrida, Elfrida or Elfthryth) was the second or third wife of King Edgar of England. Ælfthryth was the first king's wife known to have been crowned and anointed as Queen of the Kingdom of England. Mother of King Æthelred the Unready, she was a powerful political figure. She was linked to the murder of her stepson King Edward the Martyr and appeared as a bad queen and evil stepmother in many medieval histories.

Ælfthryth was the daughter of Ealdorman Ordgar. Her mother was a member of the royal family of Wessex.

Paralegal

A paralegal is the professional of legal science that performs as part of a legal assistance system. Paralegals know the law, and they use their knowledge to help people who are charged with a crime, people who want to charge someone with a crime, people who want to sue someone, and people who are being sued. Paralegals are similar to lawyers, but not as educated in the law. They sometimes only do what lawyers ask them to do, but can sometimes work alone.

Some companies hire paralegals instead of lawyers, because they are less expensive to hire. Paralegals go to school for a shorter amount of time than lawyers do, and they do not make as much money.

Most paralegals go to school for two to four years. They learn about different kinds of law, such as business law, criminal law, and civil law. They also learn how to work with lawyers, how to create contracts and other official agreements, and how to do research well.

Paralegals normally make around $48,000 a year. They can make as little as $35,000 a year, or as much as $60,000 a year.

Joss Stone

Joss Stone (born Jocelyn Eve Stoker on 11 April 1987) is a British soul singer-songwriter and actress. She was born in Dover, Kent and spent her teenage years in Ashill, Mid Devon. She still lives in Mid Devon. Stone became famous in late 2003 with her album "The Soul Sessions". It was nominated for the Mercury Prize. Stone's first single "Fell in Love with a Boy" was released in 2004. It reached number 18 in the UK Singles Chart. "You Had Me" was released as the first single from Stone's second album. It is Stone's most successful single. She sang on the 2004 number one Christmas single "Do They Know It's Christmas?" as part of Band Aid 20. Her second album "Mind Body & Soul" went straight to number one in the UK Albums Chart. Stone sung on "Anniversary" on Lemar's 2006 album "The Truth About Love". Stone's third album "Introducing Joss Stone" was released in 2007. It was produced by Raphael Saadiq. Stone won Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for her cover of "Family Affair" with John Legend and Van Hunt. In 2009 Stone's fourth album "Colour Me Free!" was released. Stone sang on the song "Who's Your Daddy" on Ringo Starr's 2010 album "Y Not". In 2011 "LP1" was released. In 2012 "The Soul Sessions Vol.2" was released by Stone'd Records.



Death of Diana, Princess of Wales

Diana, Princess of Wales and her boyfriend, Dodi Al-Fayed, died in a car accident in Paris, on 31 August 1997. Their driver, Henri Paul, who was drunk, was also killed. Many people left flowers, candles, cards and personal messages for her in public places. She had a big funeral in London.

Concerts for Diana took place shortly after her death. The concerts involved Elton John and many others. John released a new version of his song, "Candle in the Wind," in memory of Diana.
Trevor Rees-Jones, former bodyguard of Diana, Princess of Wales was also injured but survived the crash. 

Mid Devon

Mid Devon is a borough in the county of Devon in South West England. Its administrative headquarters are in Tiverton.

Progeroid syndromes

Progeroid syndromes (PS) describes a range of genetic disorders where the affected person appears to grow older faster. All these disorders are monogenetic, meaning they come from mutations of a single gene. Most known PS mutations lead to either defects in the DNA repair mechanism, or defects in a protein known as lamin A/C.

Progeroid means "resembling old age". This definition can be applied to many different diseases. Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease affects only one tissue. 
In most cases, the term "progeroid syndrome" is used for cases where the affected people only show some of the features of aging, but not all of them. In these cases, many different kinds of tissue are affected. 

Individuals with PS-related disorders often have a reduced lifespan. The most widely studied of the progeroid syndromes are Werner syndrome (WS) and Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome (HGPS), because they resemble natural aging.

Because of its property of accelerated aging (senescence), progeroid syndomes have been widely studied in the fields of aging,regeneration, stem cells and cancer.

Pope Gregory IV

Pope Gregory IV (; c. 795-25 January 844) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 102nd Pope from 11 February 731 to 28 November 741.
was Pope from October 827 to 25 January 844. 

Gregorius was born in Rome, but the exact date is unknown.

Gregory was a Cardinal and head priest of the Basilica of St. Mark in Rome.

Gregory was elected pope in 844. 

During his reign, the Roman port city of Ostia was expanded.



Forgetting Sarah Marshall

Forgetting Sarah Marshall is a 2008 romantic comedy-drama that looks at romances, break-ups and arguments. Kristen Bell plays Sarah Marshall and Mila Kunis plays Rachel Jansen. This romance comedy-drama was released April 18, 2008, with very positive box office revenue and very high reviews.

Boeing 737 Next Generation

The Boeing 737 Next Generation, often called the 737NG, is a family of Boeing 737s. The 737-600, -700, -800 and -900 are all 737NG aircraft. It is the third family of Boeing 737. The family which came before it is the 737 Classic (−300/-400/-500) family. They have been made since 1991 by Boeing Commercial Airplanes. All 737s are twin-engined, narrow-body airliners. This means that they all have two engines and only have one aisle between seats.

4,293 737NG aircraft have been delivered (as of December 2012). More than 6,300 have been ordered by airlines. Southwest Airlines has more 737NGs than any other airline. Ryanair, a low-cost airline from Ireland, also has a lot of 737NGs. The only planes Ryanair has are 737-800s. The main rival of the 737NG family is the Airbus A320 family. The Boeing 737 MAX will eventually replace the 737NG.

After Airbus launched the Airbus A320, Boeing started designing a new series of Boeing 737. The "737 Next Generation" (NG) program was announced on November 17, 1991. Boeing made many changes from the 737 Classic. The wing was changed. These changes made its area bigger by 25%. The wingspan was made bigger by 16 ft (4.88 m). These changes meant that it could carry 30% more fuel. CFM56-7B engines were used. These improvements allowed the 737 to fly 900 nmi farther.

The inside of the 737 Next Generation was better than the style used on the Boeing 757-200 and the Boeing 737 Classic. It used certain parts of the Boeing 777's inside style. The style of the 737 Next Generation was made the usual style of the Boeing 757-300.

In 2010, the inside of the 737NG was changed to look like the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. The new design was called the Boeing Sky Interior. The Sky Interior can only be put into new aircraft. However, a different company has made a style for 737 and 757 aircraft which looks like the Sky Interior.

The first 737NG was a 737−700. The prototype −800 was finished on June 30, 1997 and first flew on July 31, 1997. The smallest 737NG, the 737−600 series, is the same size as the −500. The FAA said it was allowed to fly on August 18, 1998.

In July 2008, Boeing brought out new brakes for 737NGs. They are supposed to replace the steel brakes. They will make the brakes lighter. less weight on a Boeing 737-800 means that 0.5% less fuel will be burned. Delta Air Lines got the first 737NG with these brakes. The plane was a 737-700.

On August 21, 2006, Sky News said that some 737NGs had faulty parts. The report said that Boeing had found some parts of the plane to be faulty, but they did not fix it. Boeing said that these statements were "without merit". This means that Boeing thinks Sky News is wrong. However, another show looked at 737NGs and also thought that some things were faulty.

Since 2006, Boeing has been thinking about replacing the 737 with a completely new design.

On July 20, 2011, Boeing said it would make a new version of the 737. It would have the CFM International LEAP-X engine. American Airlines said it would order 100 of these planes. The Boeing 737 MAX was finished in 2016

On August 30, 2011, Boeing said it would definitely make this new plane. They called it the Boeing 737 MAX. The CFM International LEAP-1B engines that it will use burns 16% less fuel than the Airbus A320. The 737 MAX's main rival is the Airbus A320neo family.

The 737-600 replaced the 737-500. Its main rival is the Airbus A318. 69 737-600s have been made.

As of 2012, Boeing has taken the 737-600 out of its list of prices. This might mean that the 737-600 is not being made anymore.

The 737-700 replaces the 737-300. It began being used in 1998. Its main rival is the Airbus A319. Southwest Airlines has the most 737-700s. They have more than 400 of them.

The "737-700C" is a version where the seats can be taken out to carry cargo instead. There is a big door on the left of the aircraft. The United States Navy got the first 737-700C. The Navy planes are called the C-40 Clipper.

The "737-700ER" ("ER" means "extended range") came out on January 31, 2006. It can fly for . The 737-700ER's main rival is the Airbus A319LR.

The 737-800 is a longer version of the 737-700. It replaces the 737-400. For many airlines in the United States, the 737-800 replaced Boeing 727-200s.

The 737-800 is one of the planes which replaces the McDonnell Douglas MD-80. It burns of fuel every hour. That is about 80% less fuel than an MD-80.

On August 14, 2008, American Airlines said it was ordering 26 737-800s. 2,135 -800s have been delivered.

The 737-800's main rival is the Airbus A320.

The 737-900 is the longest 737 ever made. Alaska Airlines got the first -900 on May 15, 2001. The 737-900 has the same MTOW as the −800. It also does not carry any more fuel. The 737-900 can carry more luggage but cannot fly as far. This meant that it could not be a rival to the Airbus A321.

The "737-900ER" ("ER" for "extended range") is the newest Boeing 737. It was made to replace the 757-200. It was also made to be a rival to the Airbus A321.

The 737-900ER can carry more fuel than other 737s. It also has winglets.

The first 737-900ER was finished on August 8, 2006. Lion Air got the first 737-900ER on April 27, 2007. Lion Air has ordered 166 737-900ERs as of August 2011.

On August 22, 2011, it was said that Delta Air Lines ordered 100 737-900ERs. That is the biggest single order for this type of 737.

As of July 2010, 3,119 Boeing 737 Next Generation planes are being used by airlines. There are 62 -600s, 1,019 -700s, 1,915 -800s and 123 -900s.

The Boeing 737 Next Generation series has been involved in 8 hull-loss accidents and 7 hijackings. 527 people have died in these. A hull-loss accident is an accident where the plane is damaged so much it cannot be repaired, or if it is completely destroyed.The most notable accidents are shown here.



Sources: Boeing 737 Specifications, 737 Airport Planning Report


List of presidents of Costa Rica

The President of Costa Rica is the head of state and government of Costa Rica. The President is elected in direct elections. He or she is elected for four years. Two Vice Presidents are elected at the same time with the President. The President appoints the Council of Ministers. Due to the abolition of the military of Costa Rica in 1948, the president is not a Commander-in-chief.

Here is a table that has a list of the junta chairmen, presidents and heads of state of Costa Rica since independence from Spain and Mexico. From 1824 to 1838 Costa Rica was a state in the Federal Republic of Central America. After that it has been an independent nation.

Toyo Ito

He was born in Seoul. In 2013, Ito won the Pritzker Prize.


Horrible Bosses

Horrible Bosses is a 2011 American black comedy movie. It was directed by Seth Gordon. The story is about sexual harassment, corrupt bosses and plots to murder. Jason Bateman, Jason Sudeikis, Charlie Day, Kevin Spacey, Jennifer Aniston, Colin Farrell, Jamie Foxx and Donald Sutherland star in the movie. The movie was released in July 8, 2011. It received positive reviews. It made less than $210 million worldwide. "Horrible Bosses" is 98 minutes long. A sequel, "Horrible Bosses 2", was released on November 28, 2014.


Rock of Ages (2012 movie)

Rock of Ages is a 2012 romantic comedy movie. Catherine Zeta-Jones, Julianne Hough and Tom Cruise are in this movie. The movie is about the 1980s and on rock bands. This movie got mixed reviews from the critics. Its box office intake was very low.

Federal Republic of Central America

The Federal Republic of Central America was known as the United Provinces of Central America in its first year of creation. It was an independent nation in Central America. It was made up of the former territories of the Mexican Empire. It existed from September 1821 to 1841. It was a republican democracy. 

The republic was made up of the present-day countries of Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica (Panama was part of the Republica de Colombia in 1821). Los Altos was added to the republic in the 1830's. Its capital was Quetzaltenango. Although the nation was independent of Spain, it had been annexed by the First Mexican Empire.

Guanacaste Province

Guanacaste is a province of Costa Rica. It is in the northwestern part of the country, bordering Nicaragua. The provincial capital is the city of Liberia.

The province is named for the guanacaste tree, also known as the ear pod tree, which is the national tree of Costa Rica.

The Guanacaste province borders the provinces of Alajuela to the east,and Puntarenas to the southeast and southwest. The Pacific Ocean is to the south and to the west, and Nicaragua is to the north of the province.

Guanacaste is the second largest province of Costa Rica, after the Puntarenas province, with an area of .

The province is in the northwest of Costa Rica, along the Pacific Ocean. Most of the territory of the province is flat or with low hills. The "Cordillera de Guanacaste" ("Guanacaste mountain range") is on the border with the Alajuela; in this range are four important volcanos:

The people of the province are known as "Guanacastecos" (women: "Guanacastecas".

The Guanacaste province had a population, in 2011, of 326,953 for a population density of inhabitants/km, the province with the lower density. The canton of Liberia, with 62,987 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Guanacaste

The Guanacaste province is divided in 11 cantons, which are divided into 59 Districts.

The main economic activity in the province is farming, mainly cattle raising. Important crops in the province are cotton, sugarcane and rice. Today Guanacaste has become one of the most touristic provinces in Costa Rica, thanks to the Guanacaste International Airport, which offers flights to the United States, the United Kingdom, and Europe. Tourism has reactivated the Guanacaste economy and exerting a change towards this new dynamic economy. Tourists choose Guanacaste for the combination of beaches as "Playas del Coco" and "Playa Tamarindo", and the sunny dry season that coincides with the winter months in northern latitudes, its beautiful and exotic beaches, world-class sport fishing in the Gulf of Papagayo, luxurious hotels and basic services. 

Many tourists also visit the national parks in the province. Santa Rosa National Park, Palo verde and Rincon de la Vieja are most visited places.

Saint Joseph's Day

Saint Joseph's Day is a Catholic festival to remember Joseph, the husband of Mary, the mother of Jesus. It is on March 19. It is also Father's Day in Spain, Portugal and Italy. Some churches outside the Roman Catholic Church also remember Joseph on this day.Saint Joseph was a carpenter who liked to work with wood, he worked every day to do the best he could and then Died.

H

Wipeout

Wipeout is an American reality game show that airs on ABC. Contestants compete in a series of obstacle courses in what is called the "world's largest obstacle course." The series started on June 24, 2008. It is hosted by John Henson and John Anderson; with Vanessa Lachey acting as a "on-location" host.

There are four rounds of gameplay. In the first round, 24 players play in the "qualifier" obstacle course. The 12 players who complete the course in the fastest time move on to the next round. In the second round, 12 players compete in another obstacle course. The first 6 players to complete the obstacle course move on to the third round. The third round is a third obstacle course. Here, the first 3 players to complete the obstacle course move on to the fourth and last round. The fourth round is the "Wipeout Zone." The 3 players left compete in one more obstacle course to complete the course in the fastest time. The player who completes it in the fastest time wins $50,000.


The Back-up Plan

The Back-up Plan is a 2010 American romantic comedy movie. It is about relationships and pregnancy. Melissa McCarthy and Jennifer Lopez are among the cast. This movie was released in April 2010. It got mixed reviews by critics. However, its box office intake was over $77 million.

Jimmy Durante

James Francis "Jimmy" Durante (February 10, 1893 – January 29, 1980) was an American comedian, actor, singer, and pianist. His famous nickname was "The Great Schnozzola" (a reference to his big nose). He was also known for his deep raspy voice when he said ""Ha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Chaaaaa!"". He won an Emmy Award in 1952.

Durante was born on February 10, 1893 in Brooklyn, New York. His family were Italian Catholics. He studied at the Saint Malachy's Roman Catholic Church (also known as The Actors' Chapel).

Durante started acting in movies in the 1930s. He worked in comedy series with silent movie legend Buster Keaton. He later appeared in "The Wet Parade" (1932), "Broadway to Hollywood" (1933), "The Man Who Came to Dinner" (1942, playing "Banjo", a character based on Harpo Marx), "Ziegfeld Follies" (1946), "Billy Rose's Jumbo" (1962, based on the 1935 musical) and "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World" (1963).

On September 10, 1933, Durante appeared on Eddie Cantor's radio show, "The Chase and Sanborn Hour". He worked on the show until November 12 of that year. When Cantor later left, Durante took over the show as its star from April 22 to September 30, 1934. He then moved on to "The Jumbo Fire Chief Program" (1935–36).

On August 4, 1955, "The Jimmy Durante Show" on NBC was the venue of the final role by the famous Brazilian singer Carmen Miranda. Miranda fell to her knees while dancing with Durante, who quickly told the band, "STOP--the music!" He helped Miranda up to her feet as she laughed, "I'm all out of breath!". He repled, "That's OK, honey, I'll take your lines." Miranda laughed again and quickly pulled herself together and finished the show. However, the next morning, August 5, Miranda died at home from another heart attack.

Durante was married to Jeanne Olsen from 1921 until her death in 1943 from heart disease. He was later married to Margie Little from 1960 until his own death in 1980. Little and Durante adopted one daughter, Cecilia Alicia.

Durante was a member of the Democratic Party. He retired in 1972 after having many strokes which left him in a wheelchair.

Durante died on January 29, 1980 in his home in Santa Monica, California. He died from pneumonia, and was 86 years old. He is buried at the Holy Cross Cemetery, Culver City, California.


Gríðr

In Norse mythology, Gríðr (Old Norse: truce, equivalent of the Greek Ekecheiria) is a female jötunn and a lover of the god Odin. By Odin, she is the mother of Víðarr, the equivalent of the Roman Aeneas, according to Snorri Sturlasson. When Loki schemed to have Thor killed, she gave Thor a number of magical items, which included a pair of gauntlets known as Járngreipr and a staff, Gríðarvölr. 

Robert A. Taft

Robert Alphonso Taft (September 8, 1889 – July 31, 1953) was an American politician for the Republican Party. He was the son of President William Howard Taft. He served as the Senator of Ohio from January 3, 1939 until his death in July 31, 1953. Taft was also the Senate Majority Leader from January 3, 1953 until his death on July 31, 1953. He is thought to be one of the greatest Senators in American history. He ran for President four times from 1940, 1944, 1948, and in 1952.

Taft was born on September 8, 1889 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He studied at Taft School, at Yale University and at the Harvard Law School. Taft was married to Martha Wheaton Bowers from 1914 until his death in 1953. They had four sons. Taft died on July 31, 1953 in a hospital in New York City, New York from a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 63.


Jay Inslee

Jay Robert Inslee (born February 9, 1951) is an American politician. In 2013, he became the 23rd Governor of the US state of Washington. Before becoming the governor, he was a United States Congressman in the House of Representatives for more than 20 years. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Inslee is known for climate change policies and for his education reforms in Washington state. He was Chair of the Democratic Governors Association from 2018 to 2019.

On March 1, 2019, Inslee announced his campaign for President of the United States. He ended his campaign on August 21, 2019.

Inslee was born in Seattle, Washington. He graduated from the University of Washington and Willamette University College of Law. A politically active student, he became a criminal prosecutor after graduation.

He was in the Washington House of Representatives from 1989 to 1993. In 1992, Inslee was elected to represent in the United States House of Representatives. He was defeated for reelection in 1994. Inslee briefly returned to private legal practice. He made his first run for Governor of Washington in 1996, but lost.

He was regional director for the United States Department of Health and Human Services under President Bill Clinton.

Inslee returned to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1999, this time for . He was reelected six times before announcing that he would make another run for governor in the 2012 election. He resigned from Congress to focus on his campaign.

He defeated Republican Rob McKenna, the Attorney General of Washington. Inslee was reelected to a second term in 2016, defeating Republican Seattle Port Commissioner Bill Bryant, 54% to 46%.

He became known nationwide for his climate change reforms and for his criticisms of President Donald Trump. Inslee, State Attorney General Bob Ferguson and State Solicitor General Noah Purcell sued the Trump Administration over Executive Order 13769. The case led to the order being blocked by the courts and it was later superseded by other executive orders.

In December 2018, Inslee created a PAC to raise money for a possible presidential bid in the 2020 election. On January 2, 2019, it was reported that Inslee was beginning to form an exploratory committee, the first step in a campaign.

On February 27, 2019, it was reported that Inslee would soon launch a campaign. He formally did so on March 1, 2019 in Seattle. He ended his campaign on August 21, 2019 citing low polling numbers. 

Inslee lives on Bainbridge Island, Washington. He and his wife Trudi have 3 children. He married Trudi in 1972.

He follows the Protestantism religion.


Scientific Research Institute of System Development

Scientific Research Institute of System Analysis (abbrev. SRISA/NIISI RAS, , ) is a research and development institution in Russia. It works to resolve complex applications by combining fundamental and applied mathematics and methods of practical computing. It is a project of the Russian Academy of Sciences. The institute was founded on October , 1986, by the Decree no. 1174 of the Presidium of the USSR Academy of Sciences.



Takeshi's Castle

Takeshi's Castle was a Japanese game show. It aired from 1986 to 1990 on the Tokyo Broadcasting System. It involved players going through tough physical challenges given by Japanese actor Takeshi Kitano. Between 100 and 142 players competed in an episode. Episodes finished with a "Final Challenge" where the players who were left faced against Kitano. Here, players had to hit a paper ring or hit the sensor on Kitano's cart with a water gun. If a player did so, Kitano's cart was deactivated, the castle was "taken," and the player won the game. Winning players won one million yen. Only nine players won during the show's run.

The show has been shown in over 20 countries. Episodes would have an announcer of the country's language commenting on the action. It has become a popular show around the world.

Boomerang (1992 movie)

Boomerang is a 1992 romantic comedy movie. It talks about relations between African-American adults. Eddie Murphy, Robin Givens, Martin Lawrence, Eartha Kitt, Halle Berry and Kenn Michael are among the cast. The movie has a runtime of around 117 minutes. The release date was July 1, 1992. The reviews for this romantic comedy were mixed to negative. But the box office revenue intake of $131 million made this movie a strong performer.

French Kiss (movie)

French Kiss is a 1995 American romantic comedy movie. Meg Ryan, Kevin Kline and Timothy Hutton are in the cast. The movie is about long-distance relationships. This movie was released in May 1995. The reviews were mixed to negative. The box office intakes was strong, however.

Molly (movie)

Molly is a romanctic comedy-drama movie from 1999. It is about autism and relationships. Elizabeth Shue plays the title character. This movie got bad reviews. Its box office intake was very weak.

Kristinia DeBarge

Kristinia DeBarge (born March 8, 1990) is an American singer. She sings mostly pop music. She is also an actress. DeBarge was born in Pasadena, California.

Britt Nicole

Brittany Nicole Waddell (known by her stage name, Britt Nicole; born August 2, 1984) is an American singer. She sings Christian pop music. Her song "Gold" was released in late 2012. Britt was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.


Mann Ranges

The Mann Ranges are mountain ranges in central Australia. They are in the far northwest of South Australia, with a small section running over the border into the Northern Territory. Tha ranges are part of the geological region known as the Musgrave Block, which also includes the Petermann and Musgrave Ranges. Mountains in this region were formed in the Petermann Orogeny (600–550 million years ago).

This area is part of the traditional country of the Pitjantjatjara nation. They associate it with spiritual stories about Wati Ngiṉṯaka (the perentie lizard man), a creation spirit from the Dreamtime. He is said to have created the landforms while travelling through the area during the Dreamtime. His route forms a network of songlines that are spiritually important to native people. The largest communities in the area are Kaṉpi and Nyapaṟi.

The first European person to visit the area was William Gosse in 1873. With the help of local Aboriginal people, Gosse and his team explored the Mann Ranges after seeing the range from the top of Uluṟu. From the Mann Ranges, he went west to the Tomkinson Ranges, but turned back rather than trying to cross the Great Victoria Desert. He came back to the Mann Ranges and then went eastward to the Musgrave Ranges.

Curtin Springs

Curtin Springs is a large working cattle station in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is on the Lasseter Highway, east of Yulara. The property is in size. Mount Conner is inside the southern border of the property. Curtin Springs was built in 1943 and is owned and operated by the Severin family. It also includes a roadhouse, an inn and a campground.

In September and October 2012, bushfires destroyed over of bush, nearly a quarter of its pasture land.

27 Dresses

27 Dresses is a 2008 American romantic comedy movie. Katherine Heigl plays a bridesmaid. The movie got mixed reviews. The movie made a lot of money.

Edie Brickell

Edie Arlisa Brickell (born March 10 1966) is an American singer and recording artist. She performs pop-rock music. She was very popular in the late 1980s. Brickell was born in Dallas, Texas. She is married to singer and songwriter Paul Simon. In 2013 she recorded an album with comedian Steve Martin.

Mine (song)

"Mine" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was produced by Nathan Chapman and Swift. The song tells of running away from relationships due to observing heartache and breakups. The song was released August 4, 2010. It got good reviews from the music critics.

Pope Gregory II

Pope Gregory II (; 669 – 11 February 731) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 89th Pope from 19 May 715 to his death on 11 February 731.

Gregory was born in Rome. He was born in 669.

Gregory was elected pope in 731. 



Beijing Planning Exhibition Hall

The Beijing Planning Exhibition Hall () is a museum dedicated to urban planning. The museum is in Beijing, China. It was opened in 2005 and was the first museum in China dedicated to urban planning. After it was opened, many urban planning museums were opened in Chinese cities. 


Peter Shirayanagi

Shirayanagi was born in Hachiōji, Tokyo. He studied in Rome.

Shirayanagi was ordained as a priest in 1954.

Shirayanagi was named Archbishop of Tokyo in 1970. As a leader of Japanese Bishops, Shirayanagi encouraged the Japanese to seek reconciliation with former enemies in Asia.

In 1994, Pope John Paul II created Cardinal Shirayanagi. He retired in 2000, and his title became "Emeritus Archbishop of Tokyo".


Redoak, Louisiana

Redoak is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Federal Military Memorial Cemetery

The Federal Military Memorial Cemetery () is a national cemetery in north-west Moscow, Russia. The cemetery is considered as the Russian equivalent to Arlington National Cemetery. 

The cemetery was re-opened in June 2013, after 5 years of construction.


Colors (movie)

Colors is a 1988 American police procedural crime drama movie. It was directed by Dennis Hopper and stars Robert Duvall and Sean Penn. They play Los Angeles Police Department officers Bob Hodges and Danny McGavin who tackle gang crime.

Peter Takeo Okada

Shirayanagi was born in Ichihara, Chiba.

Shirayanagi was ordained as a priest in 1973.

Shirayanagi was named Archbishop of Tokyo in 2000.

Okada died on 18 December 2020 in Saitama, Saitama at aged 79.


Two World Wars and One World Cup

"Two World Wars and One World Cup" is a football song sung by fans of the England national football team. It is about the British wins in the World Wars and England's win in the 1966 FIFA World Cup.

Haifa International Convention Center

Haifa International Convention Center is a convention center in Haifa, Israel. It opened in 1996. The convention center is located in the south entrance to Haifa, near to the hi-tech park and the new international stadium. 


Sokolniki Exhibition and Convention Centre

Sokolniki Exhibition and Convention Centre is a convention centre in Moscow, Russia. It is in Sokolniki Park. The convention hall was opened in 1959. It was the first commercial hall after the opening of the All-Russia Exhibition Centre in 1935.


Boeing 737 MAX

The Boeing 737 MAX is a new family of Boeing 737. It is made by Boeing Commercial Airplanes. These airplanes replaced the Boeing 737 Next Generation family. It is the fourth family of 737. The biggest change is the engines. The 737 MAX has new, better CFM International LEAP-1B engines. The outside of the plane also got changes. The very first 737 MAX was delivered in 2017, 50 years after the first Boeing 737 took off. Boeing had 4,166 orders for the 737 MAX as of September 2022. Larger and smaller versions have different capacity and range.

After two fatal crashes of MAX 8 aircraft in October 2018 and March 2019, regulatory authorities around the world ordered airlines to stop using MAX 8 and MAX 9 airplanes until the reason for the crashes is found. Boeing stopped making them for a few months in early 2020, and resumed at a slow rate. Various regulatory authorities authorized a return to service in December 2020 and January 2021.

Since 2006, Boeing has been thinking about replacing the 737 with a completely new design.

In 2010, Airbus said it was making the Airbus A320neo family, which is an improved version of the Airbus A320 family. Airlines started ordering a lot of A320neos. AirAsia and IndiGo are examples. This made Boeing's managers allow the 737 MAX to be developed on August 30, 2011. Boeing said that the 737 MAX will use 16% less fuel than the Airbus A320 and 4% less than the Airbus A320neo. Boeing thinks the 737 MAX will be able to fly farther than Airbus A320neo. The first 737 MAX aircraft is supposed to be delivered in 2017.

The 737 MAX only has three types. They are the 737 MAX 7, 737 MAX 8 and 737 MAX 9. The 737 MAX 7 will replace the 737-700, the 737 MAX 8 will replace the 737-800 and the 737 MAX 9 will replace the 737-900ER. The -700, -800 and -900ER sold the most out of the 737 Next Generation family.

At first, Boeing would not say which airlines had ordered 737 MAX planes (except American Airlines). On November 17, 2011, Boeing said that nine airlines had ordered 700 planes. On December 13, 2011, Southwest Airlines said they had ordered 150 aircraft. In December 2011, Boeing had 948 orders from 13 airlines.

In January 2012, Norwegian Air Shuttle said it had ordered 100 Boeing 737 MAX planes. This is the first 737 MAX order from Europe. In July 2012, Virgin Australia said it would buy 23 MAX aircraft. Later that month, Air Lease Corporation (ALC) said it would buy 75 MAX aircraft. On July 12, 2012 United Airlines said it would order 100 Boeing 737 MAX 9 and 50 737-900ER aircraft. This entire order costs $14.8 billion.

In late July 2012, Aeromexico said it would buy 90 737 MAX 8 aircraft. In August 2012, Silk Air said it would order 31 737 MAX 8 and 23 737-800 aircraft. In September 2012, Avolon said it had ordered 10 737 MAX 8s, 5 737 MAX 9s and 10 737-800s.

On October 1, 2012, Gol Transportes Aéreos said it has ordered 60 737 MAX 8s. On October 3, GECAS ordered 75 737 MAX 8s and 10 737-800s. On the same day, 22 Boeing 737 MAX 8s were ordered. The airline who ordered these planes is not known. On October 11, 2012, Alaska Airlines ordered 50 Boeing 737s, 20 737 MAX 8, 17 737 MAX 9, and 13 Boeing 737-900ERs.

On November 4, 2012, ALAFCO ordered 20 Boeing 737 MAX 8s. On November 5, 2012, Aeromexico bought 90 Boeing 737 MAX 8s and 9s.

On December 6, 2012, Icelandair bought 12 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft (8 MAX 8s, and 4 MAX 9s).

On January 2, 2013, Aviation Capital Group (ACG) bought 60 737 MAX aircraft. 50 of them are the MAX 8. 10 are the MAX 9. This order has the 1,000th order in it.

On February 7, 2013, American Airlines said it would definitely buy 100 Boeing 737 MAX 8s. On February 13, 2012, Icelandair made its order bigger. They have now bought 16 aircraft (9 Boeing 737 MAX 8s, and 7 Boeing 737 MAX 9s).

On May 14, 2013, Turkish Airlines ordered 50 737 MAX aircraft (40 MAX 8s, 10 MAX 9s).

Boeing spent a lot of 2011 looking at two different diameters of CFM International LEAP-1B engine: or . Both of these would mean that Boeing would have to make some changes to the wheels, because the engines need to be above the ground. Boeing said the bigger engine would use less fuel. However, because it is bigger, it would make more drag and be heavier. This would mean that even more changes would be needed.

Both engines are bigger than the CFM56-7B engines on the Boeing 737 Next Generation. The new engine will use 10–12% less fuel than the engines on the 737NG. It has been said that Boeing are looking at parts of the plane that can be changed to make less drag and burn less fuel.
In November 2011, Boeing said it would use the diameter engine. The landing gear will need to be made longer by 6–8 inches (15–20 cm). This is to make sure the engines stay above the ground. Boeing will probably say exactly what the 737 MAX looks like sometime in 2013. On May 17, 2012, Boeing said the engine's diameter had been made bigger. This means it is now 69.4 inches (176 cm).

The 737 MAX will have the Boeing Sky Interior. The Boeing Sky Interior is like the cabin of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. The 737 MAX will also have winglets.

The winglets used on the 737 MAX will be different to the winglets on the 737NG. Boeing says the new winglets will help the plane use 1.5% less fuel.

Boeing does not want to change the cockpit because they want it to be similar to the cockpit on the 737NG. Boeing also wants to add some more fly-by-wire to the 737 MAX. However, Boeing said that changes will be "very minimal".


Sources: Boeing 737 specifications


Kellie Pickler

Kellie Dawn Pickler (born June 28, 1986) is an American country music singer, songwriter-actress and television personality. She has had several hit songs. She was born in Albemarle, North Carolina.



Walter E. Washington Convention Center

The Walter E. Washington Convention Center is a convention center in Washington D.C., United States. The convention hall is one of the largest convention buildings in the world. It replaced an old convention building that was demolished in 2004.


Port of London

The Port of London was the main port of London. It no longer operates as a port: see London Docklands for an account. The river now operates as an alternative means of travel for work and recreation. It is not a major commercial port for importing and exporting goods. The Port of London Authority is still the legal authority controlling all use of the river.

The port was in the Thames at the city center. Major import and export trade is now done at the container port at Felixstowe in Suffolk. In 2010 the British government started building a new port outside the city, on the north bank of the river in Thurrock, Essex. The new project is called: London Gateway.


Tel Aviv Port

Tel Aviv Port (נמל תל אביב; Namal Tel Aviv) was an old port in Tel Aviv, Israel. It was used between the years 1938 and 1965. It was next to the mouth of the Yarkon River. After it closed in 1965, it was moved to Ashdod Port and became a warehouse area. In the 2000s, it was renovated and became a ​​commercial and recreational area. Programs of reconstruction and rehabilitation are being carried out after more than ten years. The Tel Aviv Port was a part of a big development area called the Yarkon River Peninsula. It was built beside the Orient Fair and looks like a peninsula from above. The area around the port was built in the 1930s.



Jaffa Port

Jaffa Port is an ancient port in Old Jaffa, Israel. The port has history from the time of the Bible until the 20th century. In 1936 the Tel Aviv Port was opened on the mouth of the Yarkon River to replace Jaffa Port. In 1965 the Ashdod Port next to Lakish River and was built to replace the ports at Jaffa and Tel Aviv. In the 2000s, the port area was renovated and become an area of commercial and recreation for tourists and visitors.


Acre Port

Acre Port is an ancient port in the old city of Acre, Israel. The port has a 2000-year-old history. Recent archaeology suggests that the port was originally in the south of Acre, at the mouth of Na'aman River. The port was closed in the time of the British Mandate, which chose to use the Haifa Port instead of Acre. In 1965, a new breakwater was built. In 1982, the port became a marina.


Abbotsford International Airport

Abbotsford International Airport is a public airport in Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada. It is about 4.1 km (2.5 mi) southwest of Abbotsford's city centre.

It is the second-largest airport in the Lower Mainland after Vancouver International Airport. In 2010, it was the nineteenth busiest airport in Canada by aircraft movements (102,128) and passengers (503,693).

The airport's IATA code, YXX, may seem unusual at first. However, the code gets its last two letters, XX, from an old railway station code near the airport. Most Canadian airports start with Y, which gives the code YXX.


List of governors of Washington

The Governor of Washington is the leader of the Executive branch of the State of Washington's government. Jay Inslee is currently serving as governor.

Washington became a state on November 11, 1889. The term for governor is four years. It begins on the second Monday in the January after the election.


Airliner

An airliner is a type of transport aircraft for transporting passengers and air cargo. Such aircraft are most often operated by airlines, and faster than ships or trains. The largest airliners are jet aircraft called "wide-body aircraft". These aircraft are frequently called "twin-aisle aircraft" because they generally have two separate aisles running from the front to the back of the passenger cabin. These aircraft are usually used for long-haul flights between airline hubs and major cities with many passengers. A smaller, more common class of airliners is the "narrow-body aircraft" or "single aisle" aircraft. These smaller airliners are generally used for short to medium-distance flights with fewer passengers than their wide-body counterparts.

<br>

Ghosts of Girlfriends Past

Ghosts of Girlfriends Past is a 2009 American romantic comedy fantasy movie. Emma Stone, Lacey Chabert, Michael Douglas and Anne Archer make up the cast. This movie looks at failures, heartache, rejection, love and romantic pain. It was released in May 2009. The reviews were negative. However, the movie did quite well at the box office.

The Spokesman-Review

The Spokesman Review Is a newspaper based in Spokane, Washington, in the United States. It is a broadsheet newspaper, meaning it is a lot longer than it is wide. A new one is written every day. It is Spokane's only daily newspaper.

"The Spokesman-Review" was started when two old newspapers merged (meaning they joined together to make one). Those newspapers were called "Spokane Falls Review" and "Spokesman", and they were merged in 1893. The first newspaper to be printed as "The Spokesman-Review" happened in June 29, 1894. It used to published three different newspapers each day: one for Spokane, one for Spokane Valley, and one for Northern Idaho. However, downsizing in 2007 caused "The Spokesman-Review" to only print one paper a day from then on.

"The Spokesman-Review" is thought to lean Liberal, especially when it involves opinions on city hall and hate-groups in the Eastern Washington-Northern Idaho area. Those hate groups didn't like that. In 1997, three far right militants were convicted of bombing the Spokane Valley office of "The Spokesman-Review".

"The Spokesman-Review" is owned by Cowles Publishing Company. Cowles also owns KHQ-TV, a news station in Spokane. This makes "The Spokesman-Review" one of only a few family-owned newspapers in the United States. However, Cowles gets criticized for allegedly using its many news outlets to affect public opinion, and this makes "The Spokesman-Review" criticized for the same reasons. Once, something called "the River Park Square garage issue" occurred, in which Cowles could have made $20 million for affecting public opinion. An independent review by the Washington News Council showed that "The Spokesman-Review" did have bias on the issue.

"The Spokesman-Review" is Washington State's third most read newspaper. Only the Seattle Times in Seattle and the News-Tribune in Tacoma are read by more people.

Teresa Palmer

Teresa Mary Palmer (born 26 February 1986) is an Australian actress, model, writer and producer. She acts mostly in movies. She acted in "The Grudge 2" in 2006, in "December Boys", and in "Bedtime Stories" with Adam Sandler.

21 &amp; Over

21 and Over is a party comedy movie released in early 2013. The movie looks at underage drinking and college partying. This movie got very bad review by critics. The box office intake was positive.

Broken City

Broken City is an American crime drama thriller movie. Catherine Zeta-Jones and Mark Wahlberg are in the cast. The movie is about murder and betrayal over seven years. It got bad reviews from movie critics. It did not make much money.

Bed bug infestation

A bed bug bite can cause skin rashes and allergic reactions. Bed bug bites can cause visible marks on a person's skin. To be certain that marks on the skin come from bites, person needs to find bed bugs around the sleeping area. Treatment involves the elimination of the insect.

Because of growth of population and constant growth of developed countries, bed bug bite cases have been rising a lot in 1980s–1990s. The reason behind it is unclear - most think that it is caused by increase in international traveling, increase in second hand furniture market and growing immunity to anti bed bug sprays. Bed bugs have been known to human for thousands years.

Virginia Madsen

Virginia Madsen (born September 11, 1961) is an American actress who acts mostly in movies. Her career began in the 1980s and has included many notable television and movie roles. Her best known role was Helen in "Candyman" (1992). Madsen was born in Chicago.

Joe Lieberman

Joseph Isadore "Joe" Lieberman (born February 24, 1942) is a former United States Senator from Connecticut. Before that he was the Attorney General of Connecticut and a member of the Connecticut Senate. When he was a senator, he had another position, Chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. He was a former member of the Democratic Party, he was the party's nominee for vice president in the 2000 election. He is currently an Independent.

Lieberman was born in Stamford, Connecticut, the son of Marcia (née Manger) and Henry Lieberman, who ran a liquor store. His family was Jewish. His paternal grandparents emigrated from Poland and his maternal grandparents were from Austria.

In the 2000 election, he was chosen by Al Gore for his vice president. Lieberman and Gore lost the electoral vote to George W. Bush and Dick Cheney, but they won the popular vote.

Lieberman lives in New Haven, Connecticut.

Vatican Library

The Vatican Library is the library of the Holy See. Its official name is Vatican Apostolic Library ("Bibliotheca Apostolica Vaticana"). It was formally established in 1475. Its collections are very significant, it contains over 75,000 codices. There are over 150,000 manuscripts, and over 8,300 innucables. In total, there are over 2 million books and manuscripts. There is also a school for librarians, and a workshop to restore ancient tets and to create facsimile copies.

Very Large Telescope

The Very Large Telescope (VLT) is a telescope operated by the European Southern Observatory. It is on Cerro Paranal in the Atacama Desert of northern Chile.

The VLT consists of four separate telescopes, each with a main mirror 8.2 metres across. They are often used separately, but they can be used together to get a very high angular resolution. The observatory also has four movable Auxiliary Telescopes (ATs) of 1.8 m aperture.

It operates at visible and infrared wavelengths. Each individual telescope can detect objects roughly four billion times fainter than can be seen with the naked eye. When all the telescopes are combined, the facility can achieve an angular resolution of about 0.001 arc-second. This is equivalent to roughly two metres at the distance of the Moon.

The VLT is the most productive ground-based facility for astronomy: only the Hubble Space Telescope leads to more scientific papers in observational astronomy.

Among the pioneering observations carried out using the VLT are the first direct image of an exoplanet, the tracking of individual stars moving around the supermassive black hole at the centre of the Milky Way, and observations of the afterglow of the furthest known gamma-ray burst.

The four smaller 1.8-metre ATs are available and dedicated to interferometry. This allows the VLT to operate every night on visible and infrared wavelengths.


Pope Gregory V

Gregory V (; c. 972-18 February 999), also known as Bruno of Carinthia, was a German priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 139th Pope from 3 May 996 to 18 February 999. 

Bruno of Carinthia was a son of Otto I, Duke of Carinthia. He was made chaplain of the Holy Roman Emperor Otto III.

Bruno was elected pope in 996; and he chose to be called Gregory. He was the first German Pope.



Man on a Ledge

Man on a Ledge is a 2012 American action crime thriller movie. It is set in New York City. It is about an escaped convict who threatens to kill himself by jumping from a ledge on the 21st floor of a Manhattan hotel. It stars Sam Worthington, Elizabeth Banks and Jamie Bell. This movie did not get good reviews. It only barely got back its actual budget. The rating was PG-13.

Nick Cassidy (Sam Worthington) enters a hotel room, pretending to be called Joe Walker. After eating a meal and wiping his fingerprints off everything he touched, he climbs out of the window and stands on the ledge outside. He acts as if he is going to jump off to his death. Soon, people below notice and the police are called. When the police ask Nick if he has any requests, he asks to talk to negotiator Lydia Mercer (Elizabeth Banks), who is taking time off work after failing to convince someone not to jump off of the Brooklyn Bridge. When she tricks him into accepting a cigarette, she gets his fingerprint and the police soon find out his true name. Nick was sent to prison for a crime he did not commit, but escaped when he was allowed off prison grounds for his father's funeral. To prove he did not commit the crime, he is distracting the police whilst his brother Joey Cassidy (Jamie Bell), and his girlfriend Angie (Genesis Rodriguez) break into David Englander's (Ed Harris) vault to retrieve the diamond he was arrested for stealing. Nick believes Englander faked the diamond's theft in order to get money from his insurance, after the 2008 financial crisis. During this time Nick's old partner from when he was a policeman is trying to find out why Nick is on the ledge and out of prison. After realising that Englander's vault is near the hotel where Nick is, the police send a team of people to check that the vault has not been robbed. After being informed by Nick through an earpiece, Angie and Joey are able to hide whilst the police search the building.

When Joey and Angie finally break into the final vault, the diamond they are looking for is not there. Instead, they set off the alarms deliberately, meaning Englander, who is aware Nick is in the area, retrieves the diamond from a hidden panel in the wall. Joey and Angie then confront Englander in his office, forcing him at gunpoint to give them the diamond and handcuff himself to a heavy vault. A police team begins to chase Nick, believing he has explosives in the area, forcing him to flee the ledge and enter the hotel. Joey and Angie give the diamond to a hotel employee, who later hands it to Nick, helping him escape the police.

Englander escapes, ordering Marcus, a corrupt policeman who he employs, to kidnap Joey and Angie. When he realises Joey and Angie do not have the diamond, Marcus gives chase to Nick, who has been coaxed onto the roof by the police. David and Marcus then threaten to kill Joey unless Nick returns the diamond. Nick gives David the diamond, but soon jumps from the rooftop of the hotel onto a soft mattress, laid out by the police near the beginning of the film, to catch David, showing the crowd the diamond, finally proving he did not steal it and should not have been arrested. After Nick has been released from prison, he celebrates at a bar with Joey, Angie, Lydia, and his father, who faked his own death to give Nick a chance to escape. Joey asks Angie to marry him, presenting her a diamond from Englander's vault, and she agrees. The film ends as they all celebrate.

The film was unpopular amongst critics, barely being able to break even with its initial budget of $42 million.

The film's music was thought of as mediocre, not being as good as the author's other work (Henry Jackman).

The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray. It also had a steelbook released in Dutch areas. The DVD and Blu-ray had "budget" releases that were cheaper, but were not different.

The DVD and Blu-ray releases have audio-voiceovers on the special features. This means people who cannot see very well are still able to watch the film. This is not in the steelbook release though, as this release lacks any menus and plays the film automatically upon insertion. The steelbook's front cover also displays Sam Worthington in a different costume than he wore in the film.The back of the steelbook has errors on it that don't add up with the story. This means that the story might have been changed when the film was released in different countries.

The 4K UHD Blu-Ray was released on April 9, 2019.

The music in the film was made by Henry Jackman. This simple table below details all of the songs in the soundtrack and their lengths.

Who Wants to Be a Millionaire (American game show)

Who Wants to Be a Millionaire (sometimes called Millionaire) is an American quiz show based on the British show of the same name. One can win up to one million United States dollars ($1,000,000) on the show for answering fourteen (or fifteen in older versions) multiple choice trivia questions in a row.

The first version of the show was hosted by Regis Philbin and it aired on primetime on ABC. It aired from August 16, 1999 to June 27, 2002. The current syndicated version started airing on September 16, 2002. Meredith Vieira hosted it for eleven seasons, leaving to work on other projects. Cedric the Entertainer was signed up to be the next host, and episodes with Cedric started in September 2013. Cedric announced on April 30, 2014 that he would not return for a second season because of his busy schedule. Terry Crews was signed up to be the next host, and episodes with he started in September 2014. Terry announced then that he would not return for another season because of his busy schedule. Chris Harrison was signed up to be the next host, and episodes with him started in September 2015. Harrison remained on the show until its cancellation in May 2019.

The format of the show has changed several times since the show has been on the air. The original format featured fifteen multiple choice questions that got harder as a player continued, and the money amounts got higher. Starting in 2008, the show started using a clock and contestants were timed. If time ran out, they were forced to walk away with the last prize amount they won. The format changed again in 2010 where the first ten questions had random money amounts and difficulty. The second round is then similar to the older Millionaire shows. There are only fourteen questions in this version.

The format was changed back in 2015, the format featured fourteen multiple choice questions that got harder as a player continued, the money amounts got higher, the first 10 question amounts are no longer randomized.

On January 8, 2020, ABC renewed the show for a 21st season, hosted by Jimmy Kimmel. The new season premiered April 8, 2020 and its success led to the show being renewed for further seasons.


Married to the Mob

Married to the Mob is a 1988 American gangster romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Jonathan Demme. The story is about a woman trying to distance herself from Mafia networks. Michelle Pfeiffer, Joan Cusack and Nancy Travis are in the cast. The reviews of this movie were very positive. The box office intake was very high for this movie. The film was released on August 19, 1988, by Orion Pictures.


Pope Adrian I

Adrian I (c. 700 – 25 December 795) was Pope from 772 until his death in 795. Soon after he became pope, there was a threat from Desiderius, king of the Lombards. Adrian was forced to ask Charlemagne for help. In 787, there was the Second Council of Nicaea. The council allowed to venerate icons, in certain cases. 

Overvoltage

An overvoltage is whenever power circuits are raised beyond their desired levels. The conditions of an overvoltage are sometimes hazardous. Incidents that may lead to an overvoltage may include a solar flare or lightning.

Viverridae

The Viverridae is a family of small to medium-sized mammals, the viverrids. They are in the Feliformia, the cat-like carnivores.

The family is made up of 15 genera and 33 species. It was named by John Edward Gray in 1821. They are found all over the Oriental region, all over Africa and into southern Europe. 

As they live in Madagascar and Celebes, this shows they also lived in the tropics of the Old World, and beyond it, over Wallace's line.

Viverrids mostly live in tropical rainforest. They also live in woodland, savanna and mountains.


Many viverrids are civet cats, such as the genera "Vivera", "Civettictis" and "Viverricula". The term refers to their noticeable and (to us) unpleasant scent. It is sometimes used for other cats which happen to be rather smelly.

Vivverrids of the genus "Genetta" are known as 'genets', and there is another genus, "Poiana", which are called 'linsangs'. The genet "Genetta genetta" is the only viverid to live in Europe. It is the striped-tail one at top right in the illustration above.

Viverrids are the most basal ('primitive') of all the families of cat-like animals and less specialized than the Felidae. Their skeletons are similar to those of fossils dating back to the Eocene, up to 50 million years ago.

In external characters, they are distinguished from the Felidae by the hind foot being five-toed and typically by the longer muzzle and shorter limbs. The skull differs as does the dental formula. They have anal glands which may secrete a strong odour. Many species have striped tails.

Viverrids, though in the order Carnivora, are mostly omnivorous. The species popularly called "palm civets" are entirely herbivorous.

On January 13, 2004 the American Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued an embargo on the importation of Civets into the United States. They said that the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) virus was found in Civets from China.

Tubular bells

Tubular bells, also known as chimes, are a percussion instrument. They make a bell sound when hit with a mallet. They are used in Mike Oldfield's album "Tubular Bells".


Marco Belinelli

Marco Stefano Belinelli (born March 25, 1986 in San Giovanni in Persiceto) is an Italian basketball player. He used to play for the Golden State Warriors, for the Toronto Raptors, and for the New Orleans Hornets. In 2012, he started playing for the Chicago Bulls.

Starting his career in the youth teams of Virtus Bologna, Marco Belinelli made his professional debut in LegA in 2002. In the following year, he switched to the rival Bologna club, Fortitudo Bologna, due to his former club's financial troubles. He achieved an Italian championship with them in 2005.
In 2006, he represented Italy in the World Championships, with the team finishing in ninth place.
In 2007, he entered the NBA Draft, which took place on June 28, 2007, at Madison Square Garden in New York. The Golden State Warriors selected him as the eighteenth overall pick.
On August 11, 2010, he was traded to the New Orleans Hornets in exchange for Julian Wright. In 2011, he played in the playoffs as a starter for the New Orleans Hornets and had an impressive season.
During the 2011 European Championship, Italy managed to field its three NBA players: Marco Belinelli, Danilo Gallinari, and Andrea Bargnani. Despite being placed in a challenging group in the initial round, which included France, Germany, Serbia, Israel, and Latvia, Italy finished the competition with only one victory.
In 2014, he achieved an NBA championship with the San Antonio Spurs, becoming the first Italian player to accomplish this feat.
On July 13, 2015, he signed with the Sacramento Kings. On February 11, 2018, he signed with the Philadelphia 76ers.
On July 1, 2018, he made a return to the San Antonio Spurs, signing a two-year contract worth twelve million dollars.
On November 26, 2020, he left the NBA and returned to Virtus Bologna.

Tjunti

Tjunti is a soakage site near Kaḻṯukatjara, in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is where the Hull River cuts through the Petermann Ranges. It is about to the southeast of Kaḻṯukatjara (41 km by road, along the Tjukaruru Road). Tjunti is the site where the famous gold prospector Harold B. Lasseter took refuge on his fatal search for Lasseter's Reef. An outstation was established here in 1977, and belongs to a Pitjantjatjara family.

The gap in the mountains is formed here by the Hull River, a sandy creek that is usually dry. It splits the Curdie Range in the south from the Mannanana Range in the north. There are several soaks and rockholes in the area.

The small cave where Lasseter took refuge is (now commonly called Lasseter's Cave in English). This is an opening in a rock formation in the Mannanana Range (). Lasseter took shelter here for about 25 days during January 1931. He was trying to find a rich gold deposit that he claimed to have discovered in the area on an earlier expedition. His camels ran away, and he was stranded in the desert without food. While taking shelter in the cave, Lasseter wrote about his journey in his diary. He was later found by a local Pitjantjatjara family, who gave him food and water. After this, Lasseter decided to leave the cave and tried to walk the to Kata Tjuṯa. He was weak from dehydration, malnutrition and exhaustion, and he died three days later, after walking about .


Nate Robinson

Nathaniel Cornelius "Nate" Robinson (born May 31, 1984 in Seattle, Washington) is an American professional basketball player. In 2012, he started playing for the Chicago Bulls. He played for the New York Knicks, for the Boston Celtics, for the Oklahoma City Thunder, and for the Golden State Warriors.

Tom Thibodeau

Tom Thibodeau (born January 17, 1958 in New Britain, Connecticut) is an American basketball coach. He was the head coach of the Chicago Bulls. He was the assistant coach for many teams in the National Basketball Association including the Philadelphia 76ers, for the New York Knicks, and for the Boston Celtics. 

He won NBA Coach of the Year in 2011and in 2012 he won the NBA All-Star Game head coach. In 2012, he became the fastest coach in NBA history to earn 100 victories and finished as the runner-up for Coach of the Year. 

Doug Wilson

Douglas Frederick Wilson (born July 5, 1957 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman that played in National Hockey League. He served as general manager of the San Jose Sharks from 2003 to 2022. 

Wilson was drafted by both the Chicago Black Hawks with the 6th overall pick in the 1977 NHL Draft and the Indianapolis Racers with the 5th overall pick in the 1977 WHA Amateur Draft.

Wilson played 14 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks and was then acquired by the San Jose Sharks before the Sharks first season. He played 2 seasons with the Sharks and brought credibility and respect to the young franchise before announcing at the Sharks training camp during the 1993-94 NHL season that he was going to retire from professional hockey.

He was inducted into the Chicago Sports Hall of Fame in September 1999. He replaced Dean Lombardi when he was hired as general manager of the San Jose Sharks on May 13, 2003. His brother Murray Wilson also played professional hockey in the NHL and won four Stanley Cups with the Montreal Canadiens.


The Bling Ring

The Bling Ring is an American-British-French-German-Japanese biographical crime drama movie that was released in June 2013. A gang of young burglars use the Internet to find and rob celebrities' houses. Leslie Mann and Emma Watson have parts in the movie. The movie has an MPAA R rating.

The Vow (2012 movie)

The Vow is a 2012 romance comedy drama movie. The cast includes Rachel McAdams, Channing Tatum and Jessica Lange. The subjects in this movie are amnesia, marriage and love. This romantic comedy got negative reviews while in theaters. However, the movie made over $196 million worldwide and became a success.

Indecent Proposal

Indecent Proposal is a 1993 American romantic drama movie. It was directed by Adrian Lyne. Robert Redford, Demi Moore and Woody Harrelson make the cast. The movie is about a gambler who offers a couple one million dollars if he can spend a night with the wife. Reviews for "Indecent Proposal" were mixed. The box office intake was good.

Liam Jurrah

Liam Jungarrayi Jurrah (born 22 September 1988) is a professional Australian rules footballer. He used to play for the Melbourne Football Club. Jurrah was recruited by Melbourne Football Club from the Yuendumu Magpies (CAFL) in 2008. His first game was against Essendon at Etihad Stadium in the 2009 season.

Jurrah was born in Yuendumu, in the Northern Territory. He was the first indigenous person from a remote community in central Australia to play in the Australian Football League. He is an initiated member of the Warlpiri people. His skin name is "Jungarrayi". He grew up speaking four different dialects of the Western Desert, and learned English at school. Jurrah began playing Australian rules football when he was very young. He played for the local team, the Yuendumu Magpies, against other communities such as Papunya, Lajamanu and Hermannsburg.


Furuset Forum

Furuset Forum is a sports arena in Oslo, Norway. The seating capacity of the arena is 1,498 people. It was built in 1979. The main sport played on it is ice hockey. It is also used by other sports for training and events. These include handball and floorball. It is near the metro which makes it popular and easy to get to. The arena has disabled parking spots, food and drink facilities. It is the home of the Furuset ice hockey team.

Eric Nesterenko

Eric "Sonja" Nesterenko (October 31, 1933 – June 6, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre that played 21 seasons in the National Hockey League.

Wilson played 5 seasons with the Toronto Maple Leafs and 16 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks. He also played for the Chicago Cougars of the World Hockey Association in 1973–74 as well as coached a year in Switzerland. He won the Stanley Cup with the Black Hawks in the 1960-61 NHL season. He retired from professional hockey in 1971 and since that time he has worked as a disc jockey, a stockbroker, a travel broker, a freelance writer, a university professor and a ski instructor. He also acted in the movie, "Youngblood", where he played the father of Rob Lowe's character Dean Youngblood.

Nesterenko died on June 6, 2022 at the age of 88.


Yuendumu

Yuendumu is a town in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is one of the larger remote communities in central Australia. It is 293 km northwest of Alice Springs. There are about 817 people living at Yuendumu; most are Warlpiri and Anmatyerre Aboriginal people. The town is within the Yuendumu Aboriginal Lands Trust area on traditional homelands and includes many outstations.

Yuendumu was established in 1946. In 1947, a Baptist mission was started there. By 1955, many Warlpiri families had settled in the town. In 2006, Yuendumu has three community stores, a school, airstrip, swimming pool, a large community of Aboriginal artists, a media organisation, a church, an old people's centre, women's centre and safe house.


Valley Girl (movie)

Valley Girl is a 1983 American romantic comedy movie set in Los Angeles. It is about school partying, attitude and relationships. Nicolas Cage and Colleen Camp are part of the cast. The reviews were very good. The movie made over $17 million.

Marg Helgenberger

Mary Margaret "Marg" Helgenberger (November 16, 1958) is an American actress. She acts in both television programs and movies. She has won the People's Choice, Emmy and Screen Actors Guild Awards. Helgenberger is best known for her action on the TV series "". She was born in Fremont, Nebraska. 

Pink Cadillac (movie)

Pink Cadillac is a 1989 action comedy movie. The movie is about white supremacists from whom a woman tries to get away driving a pink Cadillac. Clint Eastwood, Bernadette Peters, Geoffrey Lewis, and Frances Fisher have roles in this comedy. The reviews of "Pink Cadillac" were negative. Its box office intake was very weak.

Wayne Hicks

Wayne Wilson Hicks (born April 9, 1937 in Aberdeen, Washington) is a retired American professional ice hockey right winger that played 6 seasons in the National Hockey League.

Wilson played 1 game with the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1961 Stanley Cup Finals and helped them win a Stanley Cup. He then played 1 season with the Boston Bruins before joining the Montreal Canadiens for 1 season. After his season with the Canadiens was finished, he moved to the Pittsburgh Penguins for 1 season and then the Philadelphia Flyers for 1 season. He retired from professional hockey in 1974 after 4 season with the Phoenix Roadrunners of the Western Hockey League.

His son Alex Hicks also played hockey in the NHL with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, Pittsburgh Penguins, San Jose Sharks, and Florida Panthers.


Ye Wanyong

Ye Wanyong (, Hanja: , 7 June 1858 – 12 February 1926), also known as Yi Wanyong, was a politician, diplomat and writer of during the Korean Joseon dynasty. He was prime minister of the Korean Empire in 1896 and from 1907 to 1909. He signed the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1910. His penname was Ildang (일당, 一堂).


Cantonese

Cantonese might mean:


Lenovo

Lenovo is a China -American computer company that makes computers, laptops, tablets, and other devices.

Lenovo was founded in Beijing in 1984 as Legend and was incorporated in Hong Kong in 1988. Lenovo acquired IBM's personal computer business in 2005 and agreed to acquire its Intel-based server business in 2014. In January 2014, Lenovo agreed to acquire the mobile phone handset maker Motorola Mobility from Google, and in October 2014 the deal was finalized.

"Lenovo" is a portmanteau word of "Le-" (from Legend) and "novo", Latin ablative for "new". The Chinese name () means "association" (as in "word association") or "connected thinking".

Park Je-sun

Park Je-sun (; , 7 December 1858 – 20 June 1919) was a Korean politician and diplomat during the Joseon dynasty. He was the Prime Minister of the Korean Empire between 1905 to 1907, and 1909 to 1910. He was a very important person of the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1910.


Julie &amp; Julia

Julie & Julia is a 2009 drama-comedy movie. The movie is about two women who have similar first names and like to do similar things. Meryl Streep plays Julia Child. This movie was rated PG-13 by the MPAA. Reviews for "Julie & Julia" were mostly positive. The overall intake was $129 million.

East Point, Louisiana

East Point is an Unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Project Runway (season 1)

Project Runway Season 1 was the first season of "Project Runway" series. The season aired first on December 1, 2004. The winner was Jay McCaroll. He won several prizes including an "Elle" spread, a $100,000 cash prize to start his own line and more. Austin Scarlett later appeared in "Project Runway: All Stars" in 2012, where he finished runner-up. Wendy Pepper, in the same year, competed in the second season of the All Stars edition placing 12th out of 13.

The 12 models competing for an "ELLE" spread in the first season were:

Pope Gregory VI

Pope Gregory VI (; died 1048), born Johannes Gratianus, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 149th Pope from 1 May 1045 until his abdication on 20 December 1046.

Johannes Gratianus was born in Rome, but the date of his birth is not known. 

Gratianus became pope in 1045; and he took the name Gregory. There was a problem in the way he became pope. 

Gregory VI willingly resigned; and then he retired to a monastery.

Hildebrand was the papal chaplain. This priest stayed with the former pope until his death in Cologne.



Royal Palace, Oslo

The Royal Palace (, or ) in Oslo, Norway is the official home of the present Norwegian monarch. It was built in the early 19th century as the Norwegian home of King Charles III. He was King of Sweden as well as Norway. The palace has 173 rooms.

Before the Royal Palace was built, Norwegian royalty lived in "Paleet". It was a very nice town house in Christiania. Paleet was given to the government of Norway by a rich merchant named Bernt Anker in 1805. During the last years of the union with Denmark, it was used by the viceroys of Norway. In 1814, the first king of independent Norway, Christian Frederick used it as his home. 

King Charles III John picked the site for the Royal Palace on the western side of Christiania in 1821. He had the inexperienced Dutch-born architect Linstow design the building. The Parliament approved the cost of 150 000 Speciedaler. Work on the site started in 1824. On 1 October 1825, the king laid down the foundation stone beneath the altar of the future Royal chapel. 

The cost of the foundation works caused the building to cost more than expected. They had to stop construction in 1827. It was started again in 1833. During this time, the Storting would not approve more money for the construction. They did this because they did not like that the king was trying to create closer ties between Norway and Sweden. In 1833, Linstow changed his plans to reduce the cost. Improved relations with the king made the Storting approve the money to finish the construction. The roof was put on in 1836. The inside of the building was finished during the late 1840s. King Charles John, who died in 1844, never lived in his palace. The first people to live in the palace were his son Oscar I and his queen Josephine. 


Boeing Model 40

The Boeing Model 40 was a mail plane. It was made in the 1920s. The Boeing Model 40 was a biplane with one engine. It was used a lot to deliver mail in the 1920s and 1930s. It was the first plane made by Boeing which carried passengers.

In 1925, the US Post Office asked for a mail plane to replace the DH-4s that it was using then. The new plane would need to use the same engine as the DH-4. A lot of these could be bought. The Boeing Model 40 could carry up to of mail. The mail was stored in two places at the front of the plane. The wings were made of wood. The Model 40 had landing gear that did not move.

The Model 40 flew for the first time on July 7, 1925. The US Post Office bought the prototype of the Model 40, but it decided to use the Douglas M-2 instead.

Later, Boeing made the Model 40A. The Model 40A had a new engine, which was lighter than the old one. A cabin was also made, which could carry passengers. of mail. The US Post Office let Boeing carry mail from San Francisco to Chicago in January 1927. Boeing built 24 Model 40As to do this.

The next type of Model 40 was the Model 40C. It had a bigger cabin so that four passengers could be carried. Model 40As had their engines changed to even lighter ones. Model 40As with this new engine were called the Model 40B-2. The Model 40B-4 was another model which had the cabin of the Model 40C and the engine of the Model 40B-2. Boeing Model 40s were made until February 1932.

Boeing made its own airline, which was called "Boeing Air Transport". It started flying from San Francisco to Chicago on July 1, 1927.



As of February 17, 2008, a Model 40 called Boeing 40C S/N 1043 is the only Model 40 which can still fly. It is the oldest Boeing plane which can still fly. In 1928, the aircraft was damaged after a crash. It was rebuilt by Pemberton and Sons Aviation in Spokane, Washington. On May 8, 2010, this plane flew with Boeing's newest plane, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner.

Many museums have some Model 40s in them.





Ray Benson

Ray Benson (born March 16, 1951 ) is an American country singer. He has been the singer and leader of the band Asleep at the Wheel since it was founded in 1969. With the band, Benson has released 20 albums and won 9 Grammy Awards. In 2003, he released his first solo album. Benson is also a producer. He has worked on albums and singles for Dale Watson, Suzy Bogguss, Aaron Watson, Carolyn Wonderland, Willie Nelson, Aaron Neville, Brad Paisley, Pam Tillis, Trace Adkins, Merle Haggard, and Vince Gill.

Ray Benson was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Jewish family. He started his band, Asleep at the Wheel, in 1969.

In March 2020, Benson was diagnosed with COVID-19.

Holger Juul Hansen

Holger Juul Hansen (August 14, 1924 – March 19, 2013) was an Danish actor. 

Hansen was in many Danish movies and television shows. He was best known for his roles as the banker Hans Christian Varnæs, head of one of the two rival families in "Matador", and as Doctor Moesgaard in "The Kingdom".

Hansen was born on August 14, 1924 in Nyborg, Denmark. Hansen died on March 19, 2013 in Denmark from natural causes, aged 88. 

Marty Allen

Marty Allen (born Morton David Alpern, March 23, 1922 – February 12, 2018) was an American comedian, actor, activist, and writer. Allen was known for his stand-up comedy jokes in nightclubs in California and in Las Vegas. He also wrote books about his career and support many foundations.

Allen was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to a Jewish family. He studied at Taylor Allderdice High School and at the University of Southern California. Allen was married to Frenchie Allen until her death in 1976. Then he was married to Katie Blackwell from 1984 until his death in 2018. He had no children. 

Allen lived in Las Vegas, Nevada and in Los Angeles, California. He died of problems from pneumonia in Las Vegas on February 12, 2018. He was 95.


Robin Stjernberg

Robin James Olof Stjernberg born 22 February 1991, Hässleholm, Sweden) is a Swedish pop singer. He represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö on 18 May 2013 with the song "You".

Eurovision Song Contest 2013

The Annual Eurovision Song Contest was held in Malmö, Sweden. The semifinals were on 14 and 16 May. The final was on 18 May 2013. The host for the contest was Swedish Comedian Petra Mede. Denmark won the competition.

Italy, Sweden and the United Kingdom also voted in this semi-final. The songs colored in orange qualified for the final.
Germany, France and Spain voted in this semi-final. The songs colored in orange qualified for the final.


Adjustment disorder

Adjustment disorder happens when a person is unable to cope with or adjust to certain stressors. People who have adjustment disorder often have symptoms such as losing interest, being sad, crying, feeling anxious and constant worries. These symptoms are from outside stressors, although they resolve when individuals become used to the situations. The stressors may include, although are not limited to: hurricanes, being abused, accidents and traumatic events. This problem can happen at any age. In adults, however, adult women are diagnosed almost twice as often as men.

Rik Wilson

Richard William Wilson (June 17, 1962 – January 22, 2016) was an American sports trainer and retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played 7 seasons in the National Hockey League.

Wilson played 5 seasons game with the St. Louis Blues and then joined the Calgary Flames for 2 games. He ended his NHL career with the Chicago Blackhawks after playing 14 games with them. He retired from professional hockey in 1988. Wilson currently owns Power Play Performance Sports Training, a sports training center in St. Louis.

Wilson died on January 22, 2016 from unknown causes in St. Louis, Missouri at the age of 53.

Valerie Mahaffey

Valerie Mahaffey (born June 16, 1953) is an American actress who acts mostly for television programs. She acted in the sitcom "Desperate Housewives". She has acted in some movies during her career. She was raised near Austin, Texas.

PaRappa the Rapper

PaRappa the Rapper is a rhythm video game created by Rodney Greenblat, Masaya Matsuura and his company, NanaOn-Sha, in 1996. The game is named after a beanie-wearing dog in the game, PaRappa, with his motto "I gotta believe!", rapping his way to win the heart of his crush, Sunny Funny, a flower. A PSP port of the original game was released in Japan in December 2006 in North America and Europe in July 2007.

While the gameplay is not challenging for experienced gamers, the game is remembered for its unique graphic design of 2D characters and 3D objects, its quirky soundtrack and its bizarre plot. Despite being made in Japan, all of the game's songs and dialogue are spoken in English in all versions. The game is named after the main character.

"PaRappa the Rapper" is a music game in which the main character, PaRappa, must make his way through each of the game's six stages by rapping. On each stage, the game alternates with the rapping teacher to PaRappa. There is a U 'RAPPING meter in the bottom right corner, which will show the player's performance with four levels, from top to bottom: "Cool", "Good", "Bad", and "Awful". The game works by a pattern of buttons (Triangle, Circle, Square, X, L, and R) PaRappa will have to copy. The teacher will set down a pattern and PaRappa will have to copy it. Players will stay on the "Good" ranking when staying to the beat. If he messes up two times in a row, he goes down a level. On the other hand, if he gets a pattern right, he moves up a level, with Good at the maximum. The player must clear the level on Good or Cool. If he clears it on Bad or Awful, or the meter goes below Awful during the game, he will have to try the level again. However, if the meter gets to Cool, the teacher will leave and PaRappa will be able to free-style. This is achieved by freestyling in a manner different to the predetermined lyric. If all of the levels are cleared with the meter on Cool, a bonus level, "K.T and the Sunny Funny Band", will be unlocked. However, the player must complete the game at least once before "Cool" can be reached.

The player takes on the role of Parappa, a paper-thin rapping dog, who is trying to win the heart of a flower-like girl named Sunny Funny. However, he is intimidated by the presence of Andrea grelli, a rich, narcissistic dog who goes overboard with his attempts to impress Sunny.

The game starts with a movie, "Jet Baby", being watched by the four main characters, PaRappa, Sunny, Katy Kat (a blue cat), and P.J Berri (a bear). When it's finished, they go to Chunky Burger, a restaurant. Somewhere after that, two bullies come up and pick on them, but they are stopped by Andrea grelli. However, he ends up chatting about his adventures, which take too long, and Sunny, P.J, and Katy leave. PaRappa thinks he should be a hero to impress Sunny, and decides to drop off at a kung-fu dojo, learning to fight with help from an onion, Chop Chop Master Onion. After that, they are at a plaza. PaRappa asks they should go down to a beach, but the others note they need a license and a car to do that. Andrea grelli, once again, arrives and shows them his new car, the Super Stretched Limo 900. They all like it, until Andrea grelli thinks Katy and Sunny should be with him at the front, and PaRappa and PJ all the way at the back. Both are far from amused. PaRappa then thinks if he had a car and license, he could take Sunny anywhere, and decides to drop off at a driver's education course to get his license, with help from a moose, Instructor Mooselini. After he gets his license, he still needs a car, and borrow's his dad's. He invites the others on. "You know, this is really a lot of fun. Wouldn't it be nice if we could so somewhere far far away?" Sunny's words echo in PaRappa's mind, and he doesn't pay attention to driving and instead thinks of him and Sunny on a date, but when their car crashes into a truck, and breaks into pieces, PaRappa has to go to a flea market owned by a frog, Prince Fleaswallow, to earn money to fix his car. Then, the day before Sunny's birthday arrives and PaRappa is assigned the job of getting a cake. However, he is knocked into the cake he spends his money on by Andrea grelli, who plans to win over PaRappa with his tall 42 story high cake. Since he is almost out of money, he needs to make a cake himself, following instructions from a cooking show by a chicken, "Cheap Cheap Chicken". The day comes, and his cake is a success. Katy gets an idea to leave PaRappa and Sunny alone, so she and PJ leave. Later, they watch the sunset together. Unfortunately, this goes wrong when PaRappa has a sudden urge to use the bathroom after eating most of the cake later that day. Sunny, on the other hand however, confuses him for "looking real manly today" instead of needing to go to the backroom. They decide to go home, but PaRappa, of course, stops at the restroom and sees his previous mentors, having to out-rap all of them to reach the only toilet in the restroom. Then, one night, he is invited to Club Fun, and asks Sunny to go with him, to which she agrees. After they arrive, PaRappa gets on stage with a spider, MC King Kong Mushi, then raps solo at the end of the song to express his true feelings for Sunny. Then the game ends when they all decide to see another movie.

The characters are 2D to preserve Rodney's unique style of artwork, who designed all of the characters. He was asked to help design the game from an interview by Masaya. Like in the "Paper Mario" series by Nintendo, all of the characters appear to be flat, two dimensional beings cut from paper while the surroundings are primarily three dimensional. The setting is a bright urban city; with its inhabitants ranging from animals (chickens, dogs, frogs, and cats), inanimate objects (onions, flowers, hammers), and some humans.

The game spawned a merchandising campaign in Japan, a spinoff in 1999, an anime series in 2001, and a direct sequel for the PlayStation 2 in 2002. PaRappa is a playable character in "PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale". There is another similar game by Masaya, "Vib Ribbon".

Croatian

Croatian might mean:


Powell River, British Columbia

Powell River is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Powell River is in the northern part of the Sunshine Coast region. 

The population of Powell River was 126,456 in 2011. The mayor of Powell River is Dave Formosa. The historic townsite was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada in 1995. Powell River has an ice hockey team, the Powell River Kings which play in the British Columbia Hockey League. Powell River was named a "Cultural Capital of Canada" in 2004 because of the its strong arts and cultural programs.


Reactive attachment disorder

Reactive attachment disorder is a severe condition which affects children and is represented by markedly disturbed or substandard ways of socially relating onto others. The problem may take the form of constant failure to initiate social interaction or too much response to relative strangers. Obvious symptoms for those affected include a failure to form normal attachment to primary caregivers. This may result because of abuse, sudden separation, trauma or neglect. The condition begins to affect children usually between three and 36 months past birth.

Teresa of Ávila

Teresa of Ávila, also called Saint Teresa of Jesus, baptized as Teresa Sánchez de Cepeda y Ahumada, (March 28, 1515 – early or mid October 1582) was a well known Spanish mystic, Roman Catholic saint, Carmelite nun, writer of the Counter Reformation, and theologian of contemplative life through mental prayer. She was a reformer of the Carmelite Order and is considered to be a founder of the Discalced Carmelites along with John of the Cross.

In 1622, forty years after her death, she was canonized by Pope Gregory XV and was in 1970 named a Doctor of the Church by Pope Paul VI. Her books, which include her autobiography (The Life of Teresa of Jesus) and her seminal work El Castillo Interior (The Interior Castle) are an integral part of Spanish Renaissance literature as well as Christian mysticism and Christian meditation practices as she entails in her other important work, Camino de Perfección (The Way of Perfection).

'Would it not be gross ignorance, my daughters, if, when a man was questioned about his name, or country, or parents, he could not answer? Stupid as this would be, it is unspeakably more foolish to care to learn nothing of our nature except that we possess bodies, and only to realise vaguely that we have souls...


Charles Baudelaire

Charles Pierre Baudelaire (9 April 1821 – 31 August 1867) was a French symbolist and modernist poet and art critic.

He is best known for his volume of poetry "Les Fleurs du mal" (The Flowers of Evil) in 1857. Baudelaire was born in Paris, and studied law at the Lycée Louis-le-Grand in Paris. Baudelaire's first publication was his art review "Salon of 1845."


Alienware

Alienware Corporation is an American company, and, computer hardware manufacturer. The main product they create is gaming computers. They are a subsidiary of Dell. Alienware is mainly engaged in assembling personal computers (including laptops) from component third-party manufacturers. The company's products are used for graphically heavy applications, such as video and audio editing and modeling. 
The company was founded in 1996 Nelson Gonzalez and Alex Agila.

Alienware was the first one who brought a number of new technologies to the market:

Until 2006, the company was independent. It was a small firm that served only six countries (USA, Canada and four countries in Western Europe) and worked with all four languages. In 2006, it was bought by Dell, and from that time Alienware plans to be presented worldwide.

In modern portfolio, these are some Alienware products: two desktop gaming stations, three models of game laptops, two classes "replacement desktop" and one mobile, as well as a line of accessories.

Peggy Ann Garner

Peggy Ann Garner (February 3, 1932-October 16, 1984) was an American actress. She acted in many movies and television programs. She acted mostly during her childhood. She was born in Canton, Ohio. She died in California from pancreatic cancer.

Honeymoon in Vegas

Honeymoon in Vegas is a 1992 romantic comedy movie. Sarah Jessica Parker and Nicolas Cage are featured. James Caan also acts in it. This movie was released on August 28 1992 by Columbia Pictures. It got positive reviews. Its box office intake was also good.

Fijian

Fijian might mean:


Georgian

Georgian might mean



Simply Irresistible

Simply Irresistible is a 1999 American romantic comedy-drama fantasy movie. The subject mixes magic, romance and love. Sarah Michelle Gellar, Patricia Clarkson and Amanda Peet are among the cast. This romantic comedy movie was released February 1999. The reviews were not good. And its box office performance was poor.

Back to the Known

Back to the Known is the second EP released by Bad Religion. The EP was released in 1985. The name of the EP is a reference to the band no longer playing the progressive rock music of its previous album, 1983's "Into the Unknown", and returning to its punk roots.

List of genetic disorders

This is a list of the most common genetic disorders in humans. If known, the type of mutation is shown, and the chromosome involved.


Many other conditions are known to be partly or wholly inherited, but their genetic basis is not yet clear. A good example is "clefting" (cleft lip and palate), which occurs up to 4 per 1000 in Native Americans and some Asian populations, but which is almost unknown in African populations. About 20 genes are under investigation.

Another important and common example is schizophrenia. Estimates of the heritability of schizophrenia are between 70% and 80%. This means 70% to 80% of the individual differences in risk to schizophrenia is associated with genetics.

Chancel

The chancel is a part of the architecture of many churches. It serves as a barrier between the part of the church accessible to lay people and the choir, which was reserved to the clergy. The rood screen has the same function, but a different layout. The Iconostasis is a kind of chancel which is richly decorated, and is used in Eastern Orthodox churches. 

The chancel is where the congregation receives the blood and body of Jesus. The chancel is usually found in a Roman Catholic church. The bread and wine are changed to the body and blood of Jesus through transubstantiation. The Fourth Lateran Council of 1215 required clergy made sure that the area was inaccessible to the public. The main altar of the church is usually in the area behind the Chancel.

Salal

Salal is the common English name of a plant in the family Ericaceae. The Lewis and Clark Expedition found it in North America. The expedition took place from 1804 to 1806. Frederick Traugott Pursh first described it. The official botanical name is "Gaultheria shallon". It is also known as shallon or Gaultheria in English. The plant was introduced to Great Britain in 1828. Today, it is often used for flower arrangements. It was also used as a cover for pheasants. The plant also has medicinal properties. It is used for treatment of inflammation and cramps. The plant is called "Shallon-Scheinbeere" in German language. The young leaves and berries can be eaten.

Fitts's law

Fitts's law is a theorem which states that the time needed to reach a surface is proportional to the distance from that surface, and to its size. Paul Fitts stated this theorem in 1954. Today, the theroem is mostly used for the development of user interfaces. 

Deron Quint

Deron Timothy Quint (born March 12, 1976 in Durham, New Hampshire) is an American professional ice hockey defenceman that currently plays for the Traktor Chelyabinsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.

Quint also played in the National Hockey League for 11 seasons. In the NHL, he played for the Winnipeg Jets, Phoenix Coyotes, New Jersey Devils, Columbus Blue Jackets, Chicago Blackhawks, and the New York Islanders.


The Wanted

The Wanted are an English-Irish boy band. They are made up of five members: Max George, Nathan Sykes, Tom Parker, Jay McGuiness and Siva Kaneswaran. They formed in 2009 and released their first album in 2010.

So far, they have released three albums: "The Wanted" (2010), "Battleground" (2011), and "Word of Mouth" (2013). These reached the fourth, fifth, and ninth place in the UK album charts. Their first single, "All Time Low", reached number 1 in the UK singles chart. In 2011 they also recorded the song "Gold Forever" which was the official single for Comic Relief.




Shapley Supercluster

The Shapley Supercluster or Shapley Concentration (SCl 124) is the largest concentration of galaxies in our nearby universe. 

It is a gravitationally interacting unit 650 million light years away (z=0.046). This means it pulls itself together, instead of expanding with the universe. It is an overdensity in the distribution of galaxies in the constellation of Centaurus. 

In the late 1920s, Harlow Shapley and his colleagues at the Harvard College Observatory started a survey of galaxies in the southern sky, using photographic plates obtained at the 24-inch Bruce telescope at Bloemfontein, South Africa. He found a 'cloud' in the constellation of Centaurus to be the most striking concentration of galaxies.

In recent times, the Shapley Supercluster was rediscovered, in a survey of galaxies at the University of Cambridge in England. In this paper, the supercluster was named after Shapley, in recognition of his pioneering survey of galaxies in which this concentration of galaxies was first seen. Around the same time, others had noticed a remarkable concentration of clusters in the Abell catalogue of galaxy clusters: they had named it the "Alpha concentration".

Jake Bugg

Jake Bugg (born 28 February 1994) is an English singer and songwriter. He was born and raised in Nottingham. He was chosen by the BBC to participate in the Glastonbury Festival in 2011. He got a contract with a record label after that.

His first album, "Jake Bugg", was released on 15 October 2012. It came top of the charts in the UK and in Scotland. He has published seven singles from his album: "Trouble Town", "Country Song", "Lightning Bolt", "Taste It", "Two Fingers", "Seen It All" and "Broken".

Bugg released his second album "Shangri La" on 18 November 2013.

Bugg was nominated for "British Breakthrough Act" at the 2013 Brit Awards.

His third album "On My One" was released on 17 June 2016.


Mario &amp; Sonic at the Olympic Games

Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games is a sports video game created by Sega Sports R&D and published by Nintendo. It is the first video game to have both "Mario" and "Sonic the Hedgehog" characters. It was released for the Nintendo Wii in November 2007 and for the Nintendo DS in January 2008. It was the official video game of the 2008 Summer Olympic Games.

Players can play 24 events. Both versions have different events. The events are based off of the actual Olympic events played in real life. 16 characters are playable. They are separated into four categories: all-around, speed, power, and skill. In the Wii version, the player can also play as a Mii created in the Mii Channel.

Altınyazı, Mucur

Altınyazı is a village in Turkey. It is in the Kırşehir Province. The population is around 220. The village was founded about 2000 years ago. The old name of Altınyazı was Aflak, after an old Seljukid general who died here.

Polisario Front

The Polisario Front (, transliterates to "", translates to "Popular Front for the Liberation of el Hamra and Río de Oro") is a rebel militia group and political party, which is active in Western Sahara. The movement succeeded the older movement called "Movimiento para la Liberación del Sahara", which was active until the 1960s. The movement was founded in the early 1970s. It was first active fighting for the independence of the Spanish Sahara, which was a Spanish colony until 1975. After the Spanish left, Mauritania and Morocco annexed the Western Sahara, the Polisario, however, claimed the entire Western Sahara under the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic. 

In 1991, the United Nations brokered a peace agreement. Nowadays, Western Sahara is split into two zones, separated by the Moroccan Wall. Morocco controls de facto most of the territory.

Edward G. Robinson

Edward G. Robinson (born Emanuel Goldenberg; December 12, 1893 – January 26, 1973) was a Romanian-American actor. He was known for his roles as Rico in "Little Caesar" and as Rocco in "Key Largo". Other well-known roles include Barton Keyes in the movie "Double Indemnity", Dathan in "The Ten Commandments", and his final role as Sol Roth in "Soylent Green". He won an honorary Academy Award in 1973, two months after his death. He was listed in the 25 Greatest Male Actors of All Time.

Robinson was born on December 12, 1893 in Bucharest, Romania to a Jewish-Yiddish family. After his brother was attacked by the Mafia, Robinson and his family moved to New York City in February 1903.

He studied at Townsend Harris High School and at City College of New York. He then studied to become an actor at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. His career began in 1913, ten years after moving to the United States.

Robinson was married to Gladys Lloyd from 1927 until they divorced in 1956. Then he was married to Jane Robinson from 1958 until his death in 1973. He had one son with Gladys and one step-daughter from his last marriage. Robinson was a Liberal Democrat.

Robinson died on January 26, 1973 in his home in Los Angeles, California from bladder cancer, aged 79. He was buried at Beth-El Cemetery in Queens, New York.


Carole Lombard

Carole Lombard (October 06, 1908 – January 16, 1942) was an American actress. She was one of the highest paid actors in Hollywood with the total of $500,000. She was listed as one of the greatest female actresses of all time.

Lombard was born on October 06, 1908 in Fort Wayne, Indiana United States She studied at Virgil Jr. High School and then at Fairfax High School. She was married to William Powell from 1931 until they divorced in 1933. Then she was married to Clark Gable from 1939 until her death in 1942. She had 3 stepchildren. Lombard died on January 16, 1942 in a plane crash in Mount Potosi, Nevada, United States of America aged 33 years old.


Empire Records

Empire Records is a 1995 teen romantic comedy movie. The subject is a record store in Delaware that tries to remain independent. Liv Tyler, Renée Zellweger and Robin Tunney play store officials. "Empire Records" got negative reviews from critics. The movie performed very poorly in the box office. The movie was released in September 1995.

June Lockhart

June Lockhart (born June 25, 1925) is an American actress. She acts primarily on television programs. She worked mostly in the 1950s and 1960s. She played Timmy's mother in the long-running "Lassie". She appeared later in "Lost In Space". She also played Doctor Janet Craig in the sitcom "Petticoat Junction". 

Jane Withers

Jane Withers (April 12, 1926 – August 7, 2021) was an American child actress. She played Josephine the Plumber in Comet Cleaner ads in the 1960s and 1970s. She acted primarily in movies. She also acted on television. Withers was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

Withers died on August 7, 2021 in Burbank, California at the age of 95.


John Dingell

John David "Johnny" Dingell, Jr. (July 8, 1926 – February 7, 2019) was an American politician. He served in the United States House of Representatives from December 13, 1955 to January 3, 2015. He is the longest-serving member of Congress. He was the longest ever to serve exclusively in the House.

Dingell was born on July 8, 1926 in Colorado Springs, Colorado. He served in the military during World War II. He is the last member of Congress to have been a veteran of World War II, the other is Ralph Hall. Hall also left Congress in 2015. He studied at Georgetown University. Dingell and his wife, Deborah, had a son named Christopher.

Dingell announced on February 24, 2014 that he would not seek re-election to a 30th term in Congress. His wife announced to run for his congressional seat and won the election in November 4, 2014. His spouse was the first to replace a spouse in Congress, while the spouse is alive.

He was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2014 by President Barack Obama.

Dingell died of prostate cancer in hospice care in Dearborn, Michigan on February 7, 2019, aged 92.


C. Aubrey Smith

Sir Charles Aubrey Smith CBE(July 21, 1863 – December 20, 1948) was an English actor and cricket player. He was known for his roles in "The Four Fathers" (1939), "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" (1941), and in "And Then There Were None" (1945).

Smith was born on July 21, 1863 in London, England. He studied at the Charterhouse School and at St John's College, Cambridge. Smith was married to Isabella Wood from 1896 until his death in 1948. They had one child. 

Smith died on December 20, 1948 in his home in Beverly Hills, California from pneumonia, aged 85. He was cremated. He was buried at St Leonard's Churchyard in Hove, East Sussex.


Millennium Force

Millennium Force is a steel giga roller coaster built by Intamin at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio, United States. When it opened on May 13, 2000, it was the world's first giga roller coaster at 310 feet tall. It was also the world's tallest and fastest roller coaster for a short time until Steel Dragon 2000 opened later that year. It is also the second longest roller coaster in North America after The Beast at Kings Island.


Marjorie Lord

Marjorie Lord (July 26, 1918 – November 28, 2015) was an American actress. She acted mostly in television programs. She acted with Danny Thomas in "Make Room for Daddy". She was the mother of actress Anne Archer. Lord was born in San Francisco, California.

Lord died In San Francisco on November 28, 2015 at the age of 97.

Carol Alt

Carol Ann Alt (born December 1, 1960) is an American model and actress. 

She first became famous around 1983. She did commercials for Diet Pepsi, Hanes, General Motors and many more. She was also on a lot of magazine covers. Alt was born in New York City.

Alt appeared on the first season of "The Celebrity Apprentice". She was eliminated before the final, coming third place out of 14 contestants. 

Susanne Lothar

Susanne Lothar (15 November 1960 - 21 July 2012) was a German actress. She was born in Hamburg to actors Ingrid Andree and Hanns Lothar. She acted mostly in independent movies. She was in "The White Ribbon" and "The Piano Teacher". She also performed on stage. She died in Berlin in July 2012.

Sora (Kingdom Hearts)

Sora is the main character of the "Kingdom Hearts" video game series.

He is a teenager from Destiny Islands. He is best friends with both Riku and Kairi since his early childhood. He fights with a weapon called a keyblade and fights alongside Donald Duck and Goofy in the Kingdom Hearts games. They travel to different Disney worlds to protect the people living there from villains.

He was featured at #5 on Famitsu's "Most Popular Characters as Voted On By Fans". He was also ranked at #19 on UGO Networks list of "Top 25 Japanese RPG Characters". He is voiced by Haley Joel Osment in the English version of the game and by Miyu Irino in the Japanese version.


Nintendo World Store

The Nintendo World Store is a specialty store that sells Nintendo video games and merchandise. It is located at 10 Rockefeller Center in New York City. It is owned by Nintendo. It opened on May 14, 2005, replacing the Pokémon Center that was there before.

The store is a two-story building. The first floor has Wii U, Nintendo 3DS, and "Pokémon Black 2 and White 2" sections. The second floor has a section with Wii consoles available for anyone to play. In addition, there are also Nintendo 3DS consoles available to play in the store. Some of the things that are sold there are exclusive to the store, meaning that they can only be bought there.

The store holds special tournaments and shows for new games. Early copies of the game and prizes are given out to the winners.


Fran Warren

Frances Wolfe (better known as Fran Warren; 4 March 1926 – 4 March 2013) was an American actress and singer. She had several hit songs. She acted in a few movies. She was born in and died near New York City.

Carriel Sur International Airport

The Carriel Sur International Airport (, ) is an international airport near Concepción, Chile. It is 8 km from downtown. The airport was opened on January 3, 1968. This is second largest airport in Chile after Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport. This airport is operated by Sociedad Concesionaria Aerosur S.A.. The airport has flights to Santiago de Chile, Puerto Montt, Temuco and Pucón.


Next to Me (song)

"Next to Me" is a 2012 romantic single from Emeli Sandé. The song is about timing, romance and being close to somebody. This single hit #1 in Europe. It was a moderate success in the United States during 2012.

Back to December

"Back to December" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was produced by Nathan Chapman and Swift. It is from her third studio album, "Speak Now" (2010).

The song was released in the United States on November 14, 2010. It was the second single from "Speak Now". According to Swift, "Back to December" is the first time she ever apologizes to someone in a song. The song is about breakup and wanting to go back to former times. Its lyrics are a remorseful plea for forgiveness for breaking up with a former lover. This single got very high reviews from the critics. It was a hit in the United States in 2010. It peaked at #3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart and at #6 on the Hot 100 chart.


Fifteen (song)

"Fifteen" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was produced by Nathan Chapman and Swift. The song is about heartbreak at age 15, being sad and coping with it. This single was a moderate hit in the United States. The release date was September 2009.

Rebecca Hall

Rebecca Maria Hall (born 3 May 1982) is an English actress. She acts in both movies and television shows. Her movies are the independent type. She was born near London, England. Her father is stage director Peter Hall. She won the British Academy Television Award for her role in the movie "Red Riding: In the Year of Our Lord 1974".

Outstation

In Australia, an outstation is a small, rural settlement of Aboriginal Australians. They are usually built on or near the community's traditional country; the outstations are therefore also called homelands. The people living on an outstation are usually closely related, belonging to one or two families. The people will have a spiritual and ancestral relationship with the land. The number of people living in the settlement may rise and fall throughout the year, depending on events (such as deaths and ceremonies), but the permanent population is normally less than a few dozen. The definition of an outstation will vary greatly depending on the region, cultural group, history and state property laws. They are generally classed as residential areas on Aboriginal-owned land. They are often located near sites that are culturally important. The average outstation consists of little more than one or more houses and a source of water. They are usually very basic, and constructed entirely by the people living there. Most of these communities are located in the Northern Territory, Western Australia, South Australia and Queensland.

In statistical data, outstations are called "discrete indigenous communities". There are more than a thousand such communities in Australia. They are largely self-governing.

Historically, the word "outstation" referred to a dwelling or shelter on sheep or cattle stations. Such shelters were built on stations that were large enough to have more than a day's travel (by horseback) between different parts of the property. They contained beds and food for stockmen.

During the 1970s and 1980s, a large number of Aboriginal people moved away from the towns and missions in which they had been settled years before. They returned with their families to the areas where they grew up, and set up camps or homes there. This became known as the outstation movement. For most people, it was an attempt at returning to the traditional way of life and getting back their autonomy and self-sufficiency. This movement developed after the Australian government had decided to give welfare benefits to indigenous people. It had also started policies encouraging self-determination and self-management for indigenous communities. This was the opposite of what the government had previously planned for indigenous Australians (cultural assimilation).

In October 1976, a report by the Department of Aboriginal Affairs estimated that there were more than 100 outstation communities. Most of them were located in the Northern Territory. In Arnhem Land, there were about 55 outstations by the end of 1976, with an average size of about 30 people. About 30 more were located in the southwest of the Northern Territory, ranging in size from 15 to 100 people. The Northern Territory had early success in the outstation movemnet, because the Aboriginal Land Rights Act was passed in the territory in 1976. This was the first Aboriginal land rights law in the country.

There are now more than a thousand outstation communities in Australia. There are about 500 in the Northern Territory, and around one-third of Aboriginal people in the Territory live on outstations.

Several studies have shown that people living on outstations are much healthier than other Aboriginal people.


Margaret Leighton

Margaret Leighton (26 February 1922-13 January 1976) was an English actress. She acted in many television shows and movies all across western Europe and North America. Leighton was born in England. She died from multiple sclerosis.

Thalassaemia

Thalassaemia (or thalassemia) is a genetic disorder of the blood which originated in the Mediterranean region. 

This disease is caused by the weakening and destruction of red blood cells. This is caused by mutant genes which affect how the body makes haemoglobin. Haemoglobin is the protein in red blood cells which carries oxygen. People with thalassaemia make less haemoglobin and fewer circulating red blood cells than normal, which results in mild or severe anemia.

Thalassaemia can cause significant complications, including pneumonia, iron overload, bone deformities and cardiovascular illness. However, this inherited disease of red blood cells gives a degree of protection against malaria, which is or was common in the regions where the trait is common. This selective survival advantage for carriers (known as heterozygous advantage) is responsible for keeping the mutation in populations way above its mutation rate. Carriers are heterozygous for the thalassaemia allele, meaning only one of their two alleles is mutant (abnormal). There are a number of different versions of thalassaemia. Each one is caused by a mutation in a different position in the genome.

In that respect, thalassaemia resembles another genetic disorder affecting haemoglobin, sickle-cell disease.

It is possible to cure patients with thalassaemia with bone marrow transplants from compatible donors. However, this method requires an HLA-matched compatible donor.

Prima Donna (song)

"Prima Donna" is a 2010 song from Christina Aguilera. It is about empowerment of women. The single was released in June 2010. It received positive reviews from critics.

Indonesian

Indonesian might mean:


Cepheid variable

Cepheids are a type of very luminous variable stars. There is a strong direct relationship between a Cepheid's luminosity and its pulsation period. This makes Cepheids important standard candles for the galactic and extragalactic distance scales.

Cepheid variables are divided into several subclasses which have clearly different masses, ages, and evolutionary histories: 

The first cepheid known was Delta Cephei in the constellation Cepheus, found by John Goodricke in 1784. Delta Cephei is of great importance because its distance is extremely well known, thanks in part to it being in a star cluster, and the precise Hubble Space Telescope/Hipparcos parallaxes.

Cepheids are one of two ways in which the rate of expansion of the Universe can be measured.

Classical Cepheids (also known as Population I Cepheids, Type I Cepheids, or Delta Cephei variables) pulsate with very regular periods of the order of days to months. Classical Cepheids are population I young variable stars which are 4–20 times more massive than the Sun, and up to 100,000 times more luminous. Cepheids are yellow supergiants of spectral class F6 – K2. When they pulsate, their radii change by ~25%. For the longer-period I Carinae this means millions of kilometers for a pulsation cycle.

Type II Cepheids (also termed Population II Cepheids) are population II variable stars which pulsate with periods between 1 and 50 days. Type II Cepheids are typically metal-poor, old (~10 giga years), low mass objects (~half the mass of the Sun). Type II Cepheids are divided into several subgroups by period.

Type II Cepheids are used to fix the distance to the galactic center of the Milky Way, globular clusters, and galaxies.

A group of pulsating stars on the instability strip have periods of less than two days, similar to RR Lyrae variables but with higher luminosities. Anomalous Cepheid variables have masses higher than type II Cepheids, RR Lyrae variables, and our Sun. It is unclear whether they are young stars on a "turned-back" horizontal branch, blue stragglers formed through mass transfer in binary systems, or a mix of both.

A small proportion of Cepheid variables have been observed to pulsate in two modes at the same time, usually the fundamental and first overtone, occasionally the second overtone. A very small number pulsate in three modes, or an unusual combination of modes including higher overtones.

GloFish

Glofish are fish which glow in the dark. They glow because scientists changed their DNA to make them fluorescent. The seahorse and the zebra fish are two types of fish that have been used to make GloFish.

Lazarus Saturday

Lazarus Saturday is the day before Palm Sunday in the Orthodox Church. It celebrates the raising of Lazarus from the dead by Jesus (Gospel of John chapter 11). It is the start of Holy Week.


Joe Weider

Josef Edwin "Joe" Weider (November 29, 1919 – March 23, 2013) was a Canadian-American bodybuilder, trainer, businessman, and television personality. He was the founder of Mr. Olympia.

Weider was born on November 29, 1919 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada to a Polish-Jewish family. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. His brother was Ben Weider. Weider was married to Betty Brosmer from 1961 until his death in 2013. They had no children. Weider died on March 23, 2013 from heart failure in Los Angeles, California, aged 93.


George Pullman

George Mortimer Pullman (March 3, 1831 – October 19, 1897) was an American engineer and businessman. At the time of his death, he bequeathed 1.2 million dollars for a free school of manual training in the town of Pullman.

Pullman invented the Pullman sleeping car. He founded a company town, Pullman. He did all of his business in Chicago. He was supported by President Grover Cleveland during the Pullman Strike in Chicago.

Pullman was born on March 3, 1831 in Brocton, New York. He was raised in Albion, New York. Pullman was married to Hattie Amelia Sanger from 1867 until his death in 1897. They had four children. Pullman died on October 19, 1897 in Chicago, Illinois from a heart attack, aged 66. He was buried at Graceland Cemetery.


Compound fruit

The term compound fruit is sometimes used when it is not clear which of several fruit types a fruit belongs to. A compound fruit is "composed of two or more similar parts".

A compound fruit may be:

Grapes grow in clusters, but are not compound fruits. Each grape is grown from one ovary in one flower, and they are not attached to one another.

Boeing 80

The Boeing 80, sometimes called the Boeing Model 80 or just the Model 80, was an American airliner. It was a biplane with three engines. The Boeing 80 was built by the Boeing Airplane Company. It could carry mail and passengers.

Boeing Air Transport was started on February 17, 1927 by William Boeing. On July 1, 1927, planes from Boeing Air Transport started flying mail from San Francisco to Chicago. At first, the Boeing Model 40A was used for this.

Boeing decided to make a plane to carry passengers. In 1928 it designed the Model 80. The Boeing 80 could carry 12 people. The pilots sat in a cockpit in front of the passengers.

The first Boeing 80 took off on July 27, 1928. Three more Boeing 80s were made before Boeing started to make the Boeing 80A. The Boeing 80A was longer and it could carry 18 people. It also had better engines. It first took off on July 18, 1929.

The Boeing 80 first flew for Boeing Air Transport on September 20, 1928. It soon turned out to be successful. The Boeing 80A started being used in September 1929.

In May 1930, Boeing Air Transport hired eight female flight attendants. They first flew on May 15. The Boeing 80 and 80A were used until the Boeing 247 replaced them in 1934.



One Boeing 80A was found in a dump at Anchorage Airport in 1960. It was fixed up and it is now in the Museum of Flight in Seattle.




Boeing Monomail

The Boeing Model 200 Monomail was an American mail plane. It was built in the 1930s by Boeing. It flew for the first time on 6 May 1930.
The Boeing Monomail was a monoplane instead of a biplane. The wing was strong and did not need bracing. Its wheels could be ed. Only one plane was made for the US Army to look at. The plane eventually began to fly main from San Francisco to Chicago.

Another version was made, the Model 221. It was made longer by 8 inches. This meant it could carry passengers, but less cargo. This version first flew on 18 August 1930. 

There were no good engines for the Boeing Monomail to use. By the time good engines could be used, new planes had been made which were better than the Monomail. One of these was the Boeing 247.





Giora Feidman

Giora Feidman (born March 26, 1936) is an Israeli clarinetist. He plays klezmer music.

Giora Feidman was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. His Bessarabian Jewish parents immigrated there to escape persecution. Feidman's family are klezmer musicians. His father, grandfather and great-grandfather made music for weddings, Bar Mitzvahs, and holiday celebrations in the shtetls (villages) of Eastern Europe. Feidman married Ora Bat-Chaim in 1975. She was his personal manager.

Feidman started his career in Buenos Aires, where he was a member of the Teatro Colón Symphony Orchestra. Two years later he immigrated to Israel. He became the youngest clarinetist ever to play with the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra. He was a member of the orchestra for over 20 years. In the early 1970s he started a solo career. He has performed with the Berliner Symphoniker, the Kronos Quartet, the Polish Chamber Philarmonic, the Munich Chamber Philarmonic Orchestra, and the Munich Radio Orchestra.

Feidman started the "Clarinet and Klezmer in the Galilee" seminar and master class program, which takes place every year in Safed, Israel.





Louis Jourdan

Louis Jourdan (Louis Robert Gendre, June 19, 1921 – February 14, 2015) was a French retired actor. He appeared in "The Paradine Case" (1947), "Gigi" (1958), "The Best of Everything" (1959) and "Octopussy" (1983). His final movie before his retirement was "The Year Of The Comet" in 1992.

Jourdan was born on June 19, 1921 in Marseille, France. He studied at the École Dramatique. Jourdan was married to Berthe Frédérique from 1946 until her death in 2014. They had a son, Louis Jourdan, Jr.. Jourdan, Jr. died of a drug overdose aged 29 in 1981. 

Jourdan died in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 93.


Norman Lloyd

Norman Nathan Lloyd (November 8, 1914 – May 11, 2021) was an American actor, producer, and director. He is known for his television role as Dr. Daniel Auschlander in "St. Elsewhere". His career lasted for more than ninety years. He made a guest appearance on "Modern Family" in 2010.

Lloyd was born on November 8, 1914 in Jersey City, New Jersey. He studied to become an actor at the Civic Repertory Theatre in New York City. 

Lloyd came to Hollywood to play a Nazi spy in Alfred Hitchcock's "Saboteur" (1942). Je started a long friendship and professional career with Hitchcock. 

After a few more villainous movie roles, Lloyd also worked behind the camera as an assistant on Lewis Milestone's "Arch of Triumph" (1948). A friend of John Garfield, Lloyd appeared with him in "He Ran All the Way". Garfield's last movie before the Hollywood blacklist ended his movie career.

Lloyd was married to Peggy Craven from 1936 until her death in 2011. They had two children. Lloyd died on May 11, 2021 at his home in Los Angeles, California at the age of 106.


Gill Pinnacle

Gill Pinnacle (or Gill's Pinnacle) is an inselberg in the far east of Western Australia, on the Ngaanyatjarra Lands. It is part of the Petermann Ranges. It consists of a dome-shaped hill, surrounded by dense shrub; its top is bare rock. The hill has been useful as a landmark, because it marks the location of one of the area's most reliable freshwater rockholes, Gordon's Springs. This is a few hundred meters to the north of the rock. The area is called (also spelled ' or ') in Pitjantjatjara and Ngaanyatjarra.

The first Europeans to visit the area were the explorers Ernest Giles and W. H. Tietkens, in 1874. They saw the rock from Weld Pass, which is further to the west. Giles named the rock after his brother-in-law. He named the waterhole, Gordon's Springs, after his nephew.

The closest town to Gill's Pinnacle is Kaltukatjara, Northern Territory, which is about to the east.


Peter Sallis

Peter John Sallis (1 February 1921 – 2 June 2017) was a English actor, known for his roles as Norman Clegg in "Last of the Summer Wine" from its 1973 inception until its final episode in 2010, making him the only actor to appear in all 295 episodes. He also voiced Wallace in "Wallace and Gromit". He won an Annie Award in 2005.

Sallis was born on 1 February 1921 in Twickenham, Middlesex, England. He studied at the Minchenden Grammar School in North London. Sallis married Elaine Usher in 1957. They had a son, Crispian. Sallis has had a disease called macular degeneration since 2005.

Sallis died at the Denville Hall nursing home in Northwood, London, on 2 June 2017, aged 96.

Clifton James

George Clifton James (May 29, 1920 – April 15, 2017) was a retired American actor. He is best known for his role as Sheriff J.W. Pepper in the "James Bond" movies such as "Live and Let Die" (1973) and in "The Man With The Golden Gun" (1974).

James was born on May 29, 1920 in Spokane, Washington. He married Laurie Harper in 1951. Harper died in 2015. They had six children.

James died from complications of diabetes at his home in Gladstone, Oregon on April 15, 2017, age 96.


William Schallert

William Joseph Schallert (July 6, 1922 – May 8, 2016) was an American actor. He played the father on "The Patty Duke Show". He is also known for his guest-star roles in "The Smurfs", "Jefferson Drum", "Gunsmoke", "Star Trek", "Get Smart", "Lawman", "Matlock", "The Waltons", "Bonanza", The Andy Griffith Show and in "".

Schallert was born on July 6, 1922 in Los Angeles, California. He married Rosemarie D. Waggner in 1949. Schallert was the president of the Screen Actors Guild from 1979 through 1981. He died at his home in Pacific Palisades, California from complications from peripheral neuropathy on May 8, 2016, aged 93.


The Lincoln Lawyer

The Lincoln Lawyer is a 2011 American crime drama movie. The story is about a Los Angeles lawyer doing business in his luxury car. Matthew McConaughey, Marisa Tomei and Frances Fisher act. The movie was released in March 2011. The reviews were very positive. The box office intake was almost $86 million.

Peter Vaughan

Peter Vaughan (Peter Ewart Ohm; 4 April 1923 – 6 December 2016) was an English actor. He was known for his role as Charles Johnson in "Citizen Smith" and recently as Maester Aemon in "Game of Thrones".

Vaughan was born on 4 April 1923 in Wem, Shropshire, England. He was married to Billie Whitelaw from 1952 until they divorced in 1966. He was married to Lillias Walker until his death in 2016. Vaughan died in Mannings Heath, Sussex from epilepsy on 6 December 2016, aged 93.


James Karen

James Karen (born James Karnofsky; November 28, 1923 – October 23, 2018) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as Martin Frohm in "The Pursuit of Happyness" and as Ben Hubbard in "Superman Returns". He also starred in "Poltergeist" and "The Return of the Living Dead".

Karen was born on November 28, 1923 in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania to a Russian-Jewish family. He studied at Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre. Karen was married to Susan Reed from 1958 until they divorced in 1967. They had one child. He married Alba Francesca in 1986. 

Karen died on October 23, 2018 in Los Angeles at the age of 94. The cause was cardiopulmonary arrest.


Theodore Bikel

Theodore Meir Bikel (May 2, 1924 – July 21, 2015) was an Austrian-American actor, singer, and musician. He was nominated for an Academy Award as Sheriff Max Muller in "The Defiant Ones" in 1958. 

Bikel was born in Vienna, Austria on May 2, 1924. He studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London. He moved to the United States in 1954. He became a U.S. citizen in 1961.

Bikel was married to Ofra Ichilov from 1942 until they divorced in 1943. Then he was married to Rita Weinberg Call from 1967 until they divorced in 2008. He was married to Tamara Brooks from 2008 until her death in 2012. He had two children with Call.

Bikel died on July 21, 2015, at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles of natural causes, aged 91.


Jimmy Gardner

Edward Charles James Gardner, DFM (August 24, 1924 – May 3, 2010) was an English actor. He played Ernie Prang in "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" (2004).

Gardner was born on August 24, 1924 in Newmarket, Suffolk, England. Gardner died on May 3, 2010 in London, England from pneumonia, aged 85.

George Cole

George Edward Cole, OBE (22 April 1925 - 5 August 2015) was an English actor. He is known for his roles as Arthur Daley in "Minder" and as Flash Harry in the early versions of the "St Trinian's" movies. He also played Peter Banks in the sitcom "My Good Friend".

Cole was born on April 22, 1925 in Tooting, South London, England. He was adopted when he was a baby. He was married to Eileen Moore from 1954 until they divorced in 1962. He married Penny Morrell in 1964. Cole died of an illness at Royal Berkshire Hospital, in Reading, Berkshire on 5 August 2015. 


Kazuo Ishiguro

Sir Kazuo Ishiguro OBE (born 8 November 1954) is a British novelist of Japanese origin. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2017. He was born in Nagasaki, Japan; his family moved to England in 1960 when he was five.

His novels include "An Artist of the Floating World" (1986), "When We Were Orphans" (2000), and "Never Let Me Go" (2005). He won the Booker Prize for his 1989 novel "The Remains of the Day". "The Remains of the Day" was later adapted as a movie. The movie came out in 1993. It starred Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson. It was nominated for eight Academy Awards. He was knighted in 2018.


Love Story (song)

"Love Story" is a 2008 song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was produced by Nathan Chapman and Swift.The story of the single is about a boy who is in love with a girl, resulting in a Romeo and Juliet type romance. The song received positive reviews from the critics. It sold millions of digital downloads and compact discs. The single was released in Autumn of 2008 in the United States.

Toe ring

Toe rings are rings worn on toes, in particular the second toe. They are worn on either foot, often with barefoot sandals, bare feet or anklets. They are usually made for females, although males sometimes wear the rings.

Giant star

A giant star is a star with much larger radius and luminosity than a main-sequence star of the same surface temperature.

Giant stars are up to a few hundred times the diameter of the Sun and between 10 and a few thousand times brighter than the Sun. They don't last as long as most main sequence stars. Stars still more luminous than giants are referred to as supergiants and hypergiants.

A hot, luminous main-sequence star may also be referred to as a giant.

There are a wide range of giant class stars, and sub-divisions are often used to identify particular types. Astronomers use such terms as: sub-giants, bright giants, red giants, yellow giants and blue giants. The giant luminosity class is given the Roman numeral III, for bright giants it is II.

These have spectral types K to M.

These have spectral types F and G.
The Cepheid variables are yellow giants.

These have spectral types A, B, and O.

Giants nearly as bright as supergiants. They can have many spectral types.

Aggregate fruit

An aggregate fruit is a fruit that develops from a single flower, but the flower has more than one ovary, and the ovaries join together as the fruit grows.

A fruit that grows from just one flower that contains just one ovary, is not an aggregate fruit but a simple fruit.

Not all flowers with multiple ovaries grow into aggregate fruit; the ovaries of some flowers do not become tightly joined together to make a larger fruit.
Aggregate fruits may also be accessory fruits. In accessory fruits, parts of the flower that are not the ovary become juicy and form part of the fruit.

Aggregate fruits include:


Sylvanian Families

Sylvanians were origanally set in Japan in the 1950's most of the families are rural middle-class with many luxuries and local businesses. They have many leisure activities such as horse riding, rowing and hosting garden parties. The simple caravan means that they can enjoy short stays on holiday. This means that they can be away from their house whether it is a small cottage or a multi-storey town house.
In 1985 Sylvanian Families were launched in both Japan and North America. They were such a success that in 1987 they moved over the Atlantic to Western Europe and to the UK. By 1988 these small toys were a major success world wide, they went on to win London toy of the year award 3 times in a row this had never been achieved before or after. They were so popular that in the late 80's an animated TV series was made, this was greatly watched and spain and the UK. In the 90's it was aired on American TV.

By the mid 1990's Sylvanian Families, despite their major success, had gone out of business in the UK. The production company Tomy lost the rights to Sylvanian Families and American Calico Critters. In the late 90's another company, Flair, took over Sylvanian Families and reintroduced them into the UK. It was in 2007 that they celebrated their 20th birthday a special edition dalmation family (that had not been sold since they went out of production) with red party hats saying 'happy birthday'. 2012 was the 25th birthday and they sold a celebration rabbit family in honour a birthday that they never have seen if it hadn't have been for Flair.

The address for the Sylvanian Families Shop in London is 68 Mountgrove Road. The shop is quite small but stuffed from floor to ceiling with figures, displays and new box sets. People from all around the world to go to the Sylvanian shop to become one of the many people who have been inside the famous shop.

In Japan there is a giant life size Sylvanian Families village, including a bakery with real bread based on the bread in watermill bakery. You can meet life size Sylvanian characters and go in life size houses made from the models themselves. 

Four Weddings and a Funeral

Four Weddings and a Funeral is a 1994 British romantic comedy-drama movie. It was written and co-produced by Richard Curtis. It was directed by Mike Newell. It stars Hugh Grant as Charles and Andie MacDowell as Carrie, an American whom he repeatedly meets at weddings and a funeral as they become attracted to each other.

Boeing 247

The Boeing 247, sometimes called the Boeing Model 247 was an American airliner. It is thought to be the first airliner to fully use advanced things like able landing gear, an autopilot and deicing boots.

The Boeing 247 first flew on February 8, 1933. It started being used later that year. Later, planes became bigger and some had four engines. However, no big changes were made until Boeing made the Boeing 307 Stratoliner.

The Boeing 247 was an advanced plane. The design was taken from the Boeing Monomail (Models 200, 221, 221A) and the B-9 bomber. The Boeing 247 was faster than the Boeing P-12, which was the main American fighter at the time. The P-12 was did not have a roof on the cockpit, and it was a biplane. The Boeing 247 landed at just 62 mph. This meant that flaps were not needed. At just 10 mph, the back wheel came off the ground, which made it easier to steer.

Also, the 247 was the first airliner with two engines which could fly on just one engine. The Boeing 247 had special propellers. It could fly at 11,500 ft at full weight. The Douglas DC-1 and some other airliners before World War II used parts of the Boeing 247's design. The 247 was supposed to carry 14 passengers and have Pratt & Whitney R-1690 Hornet engines, but the plane was made smaller and got different engines.

The pilots did not think that the plane, which weighed eight tons, could land on any runway back then. They also did not like the Hornet engines. This was because most pilots were used to Wasps. It was thought that they would find Hornets too powerful. Pratt & Whitney's chief engineer, George Mead, knew that the pilots were wrong. P&W's head, Frederick Rentschler, decided to do what the pilots wanted. This made an argument between Mead and Rentschler.

Even though there were some arguments about the design and engines, the 247 was still a very good design. Boeing showed it at the 1933 Chicago World's Fair.

Boeing wanted to make the plane as safe as possible. They made the plane strong and put in things to make passengers more comfortable. For example, the cabin had air conditioning. It was also sound-proof. The plane had a pilot, co-pilot and a flight attendant. The wheels did not fully go into the plane. A part of the wheels hung down below the plane. This was done to make it safer for the plane to land if the landing gear could not be put down. The wheel at the back of the plane could not be moved.

In 1934, Boeing put a Boeing 247 into the MacRobertson Race. In the race, planes raced from England to Australia. The pilots of the Boeing plane were Col.Roscoe Turner and Clyde Pangborn. The 247 was basically a normal plane, but some parts were taken out to make space for more fuel tanks. Many different planes from all over the world took part. Turner and Pangborn came in second place. The Douglas DC-2 came first.

The Boeing 247 won the 1934 US Collier Trophy for "excellence in aviation design".

The 247 could go across the United States eight hours faster than any plane which came before it. The Boeing 247 started being used on May 22, 1933. One set a record of 19½ hours when it flew from San Francisco to New York City.

The first 60 247s were sold to Boeing Air Transport (part of the United Aircraft and Transport Corporation, UATC). They cost $65,000 each. TWA (Transcontinental & Western Air) also ordered the 247 but UATC said no. TWA President Jack Frye asked for a new airliner. He paid Don Douglas to design and build the Douglas DC-1 prototype. Douglas eventually made the DC-3 line.

The Boeing 247 was shown to have some serious problems with its design. Air carriers did not like the fact that it only carried 10 passengers. The DC-2 and later DC-3 could carry many more passengers. This meant that the Boeing 247 would not earn airlines as much money.

Seventy-five 247s were built. Douglas got 800 orders for DC-3s from airlines before the Pearl Harbor attack. Douglas made over 10,000 DC-3s.

Many of United's Boeing 247s were bought by Western Air Express. It was said that they were bought at a very low price.

The 247 was used until World War II. The Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) had seven 247s to move soldiers around. Some 247s were still flying in the late 1960s. These were either cargo planes or personal planes.

October 10, 1933 – A United Air Lines 247 was blown up by a bomb.

November 9, 1933 - A United Air Lines 247 crashed after it took off. Four of the nine people on the plane died.

December 20, 1934 - United Air Lines Flight 6, a 247, crashed near Western Springs, Illinois. Nobody died. The plane was fixed and started flying again.

October 7, 1935 – United Air Lines Trip 4, a 247D, crashed 10 miles to the west of Cheyenne, Wyoming. It is not known why it crashed. Everybody on the plane died.

October 30, 1935 - A United Air Lines Boeing 247D crashed near Cheyenne. Everyone on board died.

December 15, 1936 – Seven people died when Western Air Express Flight 6, a 247D, crashed on Lone Peak in Utah.

December 27, 1936 - United Air Lines Trip 34, a 247D, crashed in Los Angeles County, California. All 12 people on board died.

January 12, 1937 – Western Air Express Flight 7, a 247, crashed into a mountain in Newhall, California. Five people died.











Max Wright

George Edward Maxwell "Max" Wright (August 2, 1943 – June 26, 2019) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Willie Tanner on the television comedy series "ALF".

Wright was born on August 2, 1943 in Detroit, Michigan. He was married to Linda Wright from 1965 until her death in 2017. They had two children, Ben and Daisy. 

In January 2000, Wright was arrested for drunken driving in Los Angeles, California. Wright had another DUI arrest in 2003.

In 1995, he was diagnosed with lymphoma. He was remission until the cancer returned in early 2019. Wright died on June 26, 2019 at his home in Englewood, New Jersey from the disease at the age of 75.


Richard Curtis

Richard Whalley Anthony Curtis (born 8 November 1956) is a New Zealand screenwriter and movie producer and director. He was born in Wellington. He lives in England. He gained a Bachelor of Arts degree in English Language and Literature from Christ Church, Oxford.

Separation anxiety disorder

Separation anxiety disorder is a psychological problem. It makes a person have very intense anxiety when they are away from other people or their homes, school or friends to whom the person carries a strong emotional connection. There is too much fear or worry which is not normal of the true mental age and level. This condition may sometimes create physical troubles. Those under 18 are at highest risk for the problem.

Deborah Raffin

Deborah Iona Raffin (March 13, 1953 – November 21, 2012) was an American actress, director, screenwriter, and audio book publisher. She was known for her role in "Touched by Love" (1981).

Raffin was born on March 13, 1953 in Los Angeles, California to executive Phillip J. Raffin and to actress Trudy Marshall, both from Brooklyn, New York. She was raised in Los Angeles, California. Raffin was Jewish.

In 1985 she starred as Kathryn Davis in "Death Wish 3". In 1988, she starred in James Clavell's "Noble House" with Pierce Brosnan. In 1991, she appeared as Julie Vale in "". She later appeared as Aunt Julie on the television show "7th Heaven", and as Dr. Hightower in the ABC Family teenager series, "The Secret Life of the American Teenager".

She was nominated for both a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama and a Razzie Award for Worst Actress for her performance in Touched by Love in 1981.

Raffin was married to Michael Vinner from 1975 until they divorced in 2005. They had a daughter, Taylor Rose Vinner. In 2011, Raffin was diagnosed with leukemia (blood cancer).

A year later, on November 21, 2012 Raffin died at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California from the disease, aged 59. She was survived by her daughter Taylor Rose.


William Powell

William Horatio Powell (July 29, 1892 – March 5, 1984) was an American actor. He was known for his role in "Thin Man" (1934). He was nominated an Academy Award for Best Actor three times for his roles in "The Thin Man" (1934), "My Man Godfrey" (1936), and "Life with Father" (1947).

Powell was born on July 29, 1892 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was raised in Kansas City, Missouri. Powell studied at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.

He was married to Eileen Wilson from 1915 until they divorced in 1930. Then he was married to Carole Lombard from 1931 until they divorced in 1933. Then he was married to Diana Lewis from 1940 until his death in 1984. He had a son with Wilson, William David (who committed suicide in 1968). 

Powell died on March 5, 1984 in his home in Palm Springs, California from heart failure, at the age of 91. He was buried at Desert Memorial Park in Cathedral City, California.


Mitchell Hooks

Mitchell Hooks (1923 – March 17, 2013) was an American artist and illustrator renowned for his artwork for paperback books and magazines. He was known for illustrating movie posters for "Dr. No", "The Sand Pebbles", and for "El Dorado". 

Hooks was born in 1923 in Detroit, Michigan. He died on March 17, 2013 his home Los Angeles, California from natural causes, aged 89. 


Virgil Trucks

Virgil Oliver "Fire" Trucks (April 26, 1917 – March 23, 2013) was an American baseball player who was a starting pitcher in Major League Baseball.

From 1941 through 1958, Trucks played for the Detroit Tigers (1941–1943, 1945–1952, 1956), St. Louis Browns (1953), Chicago White Sox (1953–1955), Kansas City Athletics (1958) and New York Yankees (1958). He batted and threw right-handed. 

Trucks was born on April 26, 1917 in Birmingham, Alabama. He was married to Elizabeth Ann Newman until his death in 2013. Trucks died in his home in Calera, Alabama from natural causes, aged 95.


Rajpath

Rajpath (, meaning "King's Way") is the national boulevard of India. It is in New Delhi, the capital of India. The boulevard starts at the home of the President of India and ends at the National Stadium. 


City of David

The City of David (, "Ir David"), called in , Wadi Hilweh, is an archaeological site in Jerusalem. It is next to the south-eastern corner of the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem. The site is attributed to the palace of king David, and includes a water tunnel that was built by the king Hezekiah.

Near the site live Jewish and Arabs.


Boeing 307 Stratoliner

The Boeing Model 307 Stratoliner was an airliner which was made by Boeing. It was the first airliner to have a pressurized cabin. This meant that the Boeing 307 could fly at 20,000 ft (6,000 m), which is above most weather. If the plane was at 14,700 ft (4,480 m), it would be like 8,000 ft (2,440 m) inside the cabin. The Model 307 carried five crew and 33 passengers. The cabin was nearly 12 ft (3.6 m) across. It was the first plane which took off from land to have a flight engineer.

In 1935 Boeing designed an airliner with four engines. It was based on the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress. This airliner was called the Model 307. It had the same wings, tail, rudder, landing gear and engines as the B-17C. However, the middle of the plane was a circle. Its diameter was . It was designed so that the plane could be pressurized.

The first order was made in 1937 by Pan American Airways. Pan Am then ordered more. Transcontinental & Western Air (TWA) ordered five. Boeing then started making the plane.

When the U.S. joined World War II in December 1941, it was thought to be a luxury to fly. The war meant that government and military officers needed to fly long distances. Planes like Pan Am's 14 flying boats and TWA's five Boeing 307s were used for this. More fuel tanks were added to allow it to fly further. Military Boeing 307s were called C-75s. Before World War II stopped them being made, 10 307s had been made for airlines. TWA flew between New York and Los Angeles for 18 months until the Army bought their planes. TWA changed their 307s to C-75s in January 1942. These were the only American planes which could cross the Atlantic with cargo until the Douglas C-54 Skymaster was made in November 1942.

C-75s had the pressurization equipment removed to make the plane lighter. Some seats were taken off, and some other changes were made. Five fuel tanks were put onto the plane. The landing gear was made stronger and the maximum take-off weight was made bigger (from ). The outside was painted olive drab.

The first Boeing 307 Stratoliner flew from Boeing Field, Seattle on December 31, 1938. However, it crashed on March 18, 1939, while KLM was looking at it.

The first delivery was made to Howard Hughes. He bought one Boeing 307 to fly around the world. He wanted to do it faster than he did before. Hughes' Boeing Stratoliner had more fuel tanks. It was ready to go, but then Nazi Germany invaded Poland on September 1, 1939, so Howard Hughes did not make his flight. This 307 had its extra fuel tanks taken off. It also had more powerful engines added. It was supposed to be a "flying penthouse" for Hughes, but it was not used a lot. It was eventually sold.

Pam Am started getting its Boeing 307s in March 1940. TWA got its first 307 in April. TWA used its 307s to fly from Los Angeles to New York City. Pan Am's flew from Miami to Latin America. Ten 307s were made. Three were given to Pan Am (named Clipper Flying Cloud, Clipper Comet, and Clipper Rainbow) and five to TWA (named Comanche, Cherokee, Zuni, Navajo, and Apache). One went to Howard Hughes. The first 307 crashed.

After the United States joined World War II, Pan Am kept flying its planes to Central and South America, but the Army Air Force was in charge of them. TWA's Boeing 307s were sold to the U.S. government. They were called Boeing C-75 and used by the United States Army Air Forces.

The U. S. Army gave the five C-75s back to TWA in 1944. TWA sent them back to Boeing to be rebuilt. Boeing replaced the wings and put in more powerful engines. The electrics were replaced with electrics from the Boeing B-29 Superfortress. After these changes, the 307 could carry 38 passengers. TWA switched to the Lockheed Constellation, but the 307s were used until April, 1951.
TWA sold its Stratoliners to Aigle Azur.

The C-75 flew two main routes: Washington, D.C. to Cairo and New York to Scotland. They sometimes flew from Gander, Newfoundland to Prestwick, Scotland and between Natal, Brazil and Accra, Ghana. After July 1942, they could stop to refuel at Ascension Island. I




The only Boeing 307 Stratoliner which still exists is at the Smithsonian Museum's Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center. On March 28, 2002, this plane was damaged a lot when it ditched in Elliott Bay in Seattle, Washington. That was its last flight before it went to the Smithsonian.

The main part of Howard Hughes' 307 also still exists, but it is now a house boat.


Vladimír Čech

Vladimír Čech (6 July 1951 – 22 March 2013) was an Czech actor, presenter and former politician. He was known for being the voice of "Garfield" in the Czech versions.

Čech was born on 6 July 1951 in Prague, Czechoslovakia. He studied at the Theatre Faculty of the Academy of Performing Arts. Čech died of Lynch syndrome (a type of colon cancer) and pneumonia on 22 March 2013 in his home in Prague, Czech Republic, aged 61.


Ducky Detweiler

Robert Slerling "Ducky" Detweiler (February 15, 1919 – March 13, 2013) was an American professional baseball infielder and manager. Listed at 5' 11", 178 lb., he batted and threw right handed. He played for the Boston Braves (1942, 1946).

Detweiler was born on February 15, 1919 in Trumbauersville, Pennsylvania. He studied at Quakertown High School. Detweiler was married to Jean Cahall from 1944 until his death in 2013. They had one daughter, Gina. Detweiler died on March 13, 2013 in his home in Easton, Maryland from natural causes, aged 94.


Barnala

Barnala is a city in Barnala District, Punjab in India.

Islam in Afghanistan

Islam is the state religion of the Afghanistan. About 99.7% of the Afghan population is Muslim. About 80-89% practice Sunni Islam and belong to the Hanafi Islamic law school. 10-15% are Shi'a, most of whom follow the Twelver branch with smaller numbers of Ismailis.

Pier 39

Pier 39 is a place in San Francisco. It is a popular place for tourists and has many things to do. There are many restaurants, shops, street performances, and a video arcade. Pier 39 is home to many sea lions and a two-level carousel at the end of the pier.

Pier 39 was first developed by Warren Simmons and opened October 4, 1978.


Keio University

Keio University is one of the oldest universities in Japan. It started in Tokyo in 1858 as a school for Western studies.

Jessica Lucas

Jessica Lucas (September 24 1985) is a Canadian television and movie actress. She played Lily in the movie "Cloverfield". She also acted in several notable television programs. She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia.

The Kennedys (miniseries)

The Kennedys was an American-Canadian 2011 Emmy Award-winning miniseries.

"The Kennedy's" was about the political career and the personal life of John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy, and Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr.. The show was about how Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. made John F. Kennedy win his election for President.

As the show continued, they show the difficulties of Kennedy's presidency, Joseph's stroke and rough relationship with Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy, and the assassination of both John and Robert Kennedy. The show also featured John's relationship with his wife Jacqueline Kennedy.



Ascot, Berkshire

Ascot is a large village in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead in Berkshire. It is most famous as the location of Ascot Racecourse, which hosts the Royal Ascot meeting. Ascot Racecourse was founded in 1711 by Queen Anne, with the first race, ‘Her Majesty’s Plate’ running in August of that year.

The name Ascot is Anglo-Saxon and derives from East-Cote meaning the Eastern Cottage, probably a reference to being east of the royal estate at Easthampstead. Ascot has always been the western portion of Sunninghill parish (now called Sunninghill and Ascot) and, for most of its history, largely consisted of dangerous heathland frequented by highwaymen.

Ascot has 20% more Higher and Intermediate managerial, administrative or professional households than the national average. Ascot has a higher rate of home ownership, either outright or via a mortgage than the national average, which suggests that Ascot is a relatively affluent area. The population of Ascot as a whole, is older than the national average. The population of Ascot is also older than the average, making Ascot an older persons location.

Lewis Stone

Lewis Shepard Stone (November 15, 1879 – September 12, 1953) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Judge James Hardy in fifteen movies of the "Andy Hardy" movie series. The first movie was "You're Only Young Once" (1937).

Stone was born on November 15, 1879 in Worcester, Massachusetts. He was married to Florence Oakley until they divorced. They had two children. Then he was married to Margaret Langham from 1907 until her death. Then he was married to Hazel Elizabeth Wolf from 1930 until his death in 1953. 

Stone died in Hancock Park, Los Angeles, California on September 12, 1953. He was chasing away some neighborhood children after they attacked his house. His wife Hazel tried to stop Stone from running. Stone managed to run until he suffered a fatal heart attack. He was 73 years old.


Wrigley Building

The Wrigley Building (400-410 North Michigan Avenue, Near North Side, Chicago, Illinois) is a skyscraper in Chicago. It is directly across Michigan Avenue from the Tribune Tower on the Magnificent Mile. 

It was built to hold the corporate headquarters of the Wrigley Company. Construction began for the building in 1920. The building was Chicago's first air-conditioned office building.

The Wrigley Building was sold in 2011 to a group of investors that includes Zeller Realty Group and Groupon co-founders Eric Lefkofsky and Brad Keywell.


Conrad Totman

Conrad Davis Totman (born January 5, 1934) is an American historian, academic, writer, translator and Japan studies expert. Totman is a retired professor at Yale University.

Totman was born in Conway, Massachusetts. He studied at the University of Massachusetts. He was granted a Ph.D. in Asian history at Harvard University in 1964.

Totman taught Japanese history at the University of California at Santa Barbara, at Northwestern University, and at Yale. He retired from Yale in 1997.

In an overview of writings by and about Totman, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 30+ works in 140+ publications in 4 languages and 7,800+ library holdings.



Gregory Smits

Gregory James Smits (born 1960) is an American historian, academic, writer and Japan studies expert. He is a professor of Japanese history at Pennsylvania State University.

Smits was born 1960 in Columbia, Missouri. He was earned an undergraduate degree at the University of Florida in 1983. He was awarded a Masters Degree at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. He was granted a Ph.D. at the University of Southern California.

In an overview of writings by and about Smits, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 8 works in 15+ publications in 2 languages and 1,100+ library holdings.



John Charles Daly

John Charles Patrick Croghan Daly (February 20, 1914 – February 24, 1991) was an American journalist, personality, actor, and game show host. He was known for hosting "What's My Line". He was also the Vice President of ABC during the 1950s. He was the son-in-law of Chief of Justice Earl Warren.

Daly was born on February 20, 1914 in Johannesburg, South Africa to an American family. His parents were on a trip in Johannesburg when he was born. After his father died, Daly and his mother moved to Boston, Massachusetts. Daly studied at the Tilton School and at Boston College.

He was married to Margaret Griswell Neal from 1937 until they divorced in 1959 or 1960. They had three children. Then he was married to Virginia Warren from 1960 until his death in 1991. Virginia was the daughter of Chief Justice Earl Warren.

Daly died on February 24, 1991 in his home in Chevy Chase, Maryland from cardiac arrest, four days after his 77th birthday.

Daly won an Emmy Award in 1955, an Golden Globe Award in 1962, and three Peabody Award in 1954, 1956, and in 1957.


Elaine Stritch

Elaine Stritch (February 2, 1925 – July 17, 2014) was an American actress and vocalist. She was known for her role as Colleen Donaghy in "30 Rock". Stritch was nominated for five Tony Awards. She won three Emmy Awards and two Drama Desk Awards.

Stritch was born on February 2, 1925 in Detroit, Michigan to an Irish-Welsh family. She studied at The New School in New York City. Stritch was married to John Bay from 1973 until his death in 1982. She lived in Birmingham, Michigan.

Stritch died at her home in Birmingham, Michigan from complications of stomach cancer and diabetes on July 17, 2014 at the age of 89.


Drama Desk Award

The Drama Desk Awards are theatre awards. They are given every year in a number of categories. They are the only major New York theatre honors in which productions on Broadway, Off-Broadway, and Off-Off-Broadway compete against each other in the same category. Presented since 1955, they are thought as one of the most important American theatre awards along with the Tony Award. 

Copycat suicide

Sometimes, after a person commits suicide, other people will copy them and also kill themselves. This is called copycat suicide. People may commit copycat suicide after a person they know commits suicide, or after hearing about a suicide through television or other media.

After a famous suicide, there may be more copycat suicides. This is called the Werther effect. Sudden rises in copycat suicides can spread through a home, schools, or even across an entire country. These are called cluster suicides.

Joel Osteen

Joel Scott Osteen (born March 5, 1963) is an American author, televangelist, and the senior pastor of Lakewood Church in Houston, Texas. 

His ministry reaches over seven million broadcast media viewers weekly in over 100 nations around the world. His first book, “Your Best Life Now” has sold 5 million copies. Lakewood Church now occupies the former Compaq Center, once home to the NBA’s Houston Rockets. The venue seats 16,000 people. 

Osteen was born on March 5, 1963 in Houston, Texas. He has been married to Victoria Osteen since 1987. They have two children. He lives in Houston, Texas.

In August 2017, Osteen received significant backlash on social media after he did not initially open Lakewood Church as an emergency shelter following Hurricane Harvey. A post on the church's Facebook page and an Instagram post by associate pastor John Gray, which was later deleted, claimed that flooded highways had made the church inaccessible.


Richard Kind

Richard John Kind (born November 22, 1956) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "Mad About You" (as Dr. Mark Devanow) and in "Spin City" (as Paul Thomas Lassiter). Kind voiced Riley's imaginary friend Bing Bong in Pixar's "Inside Out".

Kind was born on November 22, 1956 in Trenton, New Jersey to a Jewish family. He grew up in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Kind studied at Pennsbury High School and at Northwestern University. 

He married Dana Stanley in 1999 and they divorced in 2014. They have three children. Actor and director George Clooney is a close friend, and was best man at Kind's wedding.


Revelstoke, British Columbia

Revelstoke is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Revelstoke is in southeastern in British Columbia and is 641 kilometers (398 mi) east of Vancouver. 

The population of Revelstoke was 7,139 in 2011. The mayor of Revelstoke is David Raven.

The Canadian Pacific Railway opened in the 1880s and ran through Revelstoke. The city was originally named Farwell after one of the local land owner and surveyors. It was then renamed Revelstoke after Lord Revelstoke, head of Baring Brothers & Co. The city of Revelstoke holds the Canadian record for snowiest single winter when 2447 cm (80 feet) of snow fell on Mt.Copeland outside town during winter of 1971-72.


Clive Revill

Clive Selsby Revill (born 18 April 1930) is a New Zealand actor who is best known for his roles in "Avanti!", "A Fine Madness", "The Assassination Bureau", and in "The Pickwick Papers". He also voiced Alfred Pennyworth in "" and Emperor Palpatine in the original release of "". He was nominated for an Golden Globe Award for his role in "Avanti!".

Revill was born in Wellington, New Zealand to British parents. He was raised in London, England. He was married to Valerie Nelson from 1970 until they divorced in 1977. Then he was married to Suzi Schor from 1978 until they divorced in 1988. They had one daughter, Kate Selsby. Revill now lives in Los Angeles, California.


Ronald Toby

Ronald P. Toby (1942 — ) is an American historian, academic, writer and Japan studies expert.

Toby earned a doctorate in Japanese history from Columbia University in 1977.

Toby has been a history professor at the University of California at Berkeley, Keio University and the University of Tokyo.

In an overview of writings by and about Toby, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 18 works in 30+ publications in 3 languages and 790+ library holdings.


Kindergarten Cop

Kindergarten Cop is a 1990 American action comedy movie directed by Ivan Reitman. It is about two undercover cops from Los Angeles pretending to be teachers at an elementary school in Astoria, Oregon to find the ex-wife of a drug dealer, who wants to kidnap their son. Arnold Schwarzenegger, Penelope Ann Miller, Pamela Reed, Richard Tyson, Carroll Baker, Linda Hunt and Matthew Lillard are in the cast. The movie was released in December 1990. It received mixed reviews by critics. However, the movie earned over $200 million at the box office, making the movie very successful.

Division of Bendigo

The Division of Bendigo is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. The division was created in 1900 first federal election in 1901. It is named for the city of Bendigo. In the early years was covered only Bendigo, but on later boundaries the seat has included towns such as Echuca, Castlemaine, Maryborough and Seymour. It now includes Bendigo, Castlemaine, Kyneton and Maldon. 

Bendigo has often been held by both the Australian Labor Party and the conservative parties. Bendigo has had 15 members, the second-highest number (with Denison) of any federal electorate. Famous members have been its first member, Sir John Quick, who was a leading federalist, and Prime Minister Billy Hughes. Hughes, who came from Sydney, represented Bendigo for two terms at a time when the federal Parliament met in Melbourne. John Brumby, who held the seat from 1983 to 1990, later became Premier of Victoria.



Holyland Model of Jerusalem

The Holyland Model of Jerusalem is a model of Old City of Jerusalem from the period of the Second Temple. It was first held in the Holyland Hotel in Jerusalem. It was opened in 1966, together with other models of ancient structure models of Israel. In 2006 the model was moved to a new site in the Israel Museum.


T.O.P

T.O.P. or Choi Seung-hyun (born November 4, 1987) is a South Korean entertainer. He is a rapper, singer-songwriter, music producer, actor and model. He was born on November 4, 1987. He is the oldest member of BigBang.

Shrine of the Book

The Shrine of the Book (, ) is a famous building in the Israel Museum in Jerusalem. It shows the Dead Sea scrolls that were discovered in 1947 at Khirbet Qumran by the Archaeologist Dr. Yigael Yadin.


Walytjatjata

Walytjatjata (also spelled Walytjatjara) is a place in the Northern Territory of Australia that is culturally important to the Pitjantjatjara Aboriginal community. It is located in the far south of the Territory, about away from the border with South Australia. It is surrounded to the north by the western hills of the Mann Ranges. An outstation was built here in the 1980s, although nobody currently lives there permanently. Most of the families associated with the place live in Pipalyatjara, about to the south-east. The houses there are sometimes used for hunting, foraging, painting and cultural events. Nearby are several rockholes and a sacred rock formation that is associated with the .

The name "" refers to something having an owner in Pitjantjatjara.


QVC

QVC is a multinational group that represents shopping at home. The name "QVC" means Quality, Value and Convenience. 

The group are a television network that runs 24 hours a day and seven days per week. Celebrities on QVC have included Rachael Ray, Susan Lucci and Joan Rivers. This network specializes primarily in fashion, shoes and clothing. QVC serves almost 235 million customers in six countries. It was founded by Joseph Segel.

Home Shopping Network

The Home Shopping Network, or HSN, are a major American television group that sell primarily fashion, jewelry, shoes and clothing, although they may sometimes sell other products. HSN were launched in 1982, though did not become national until around 1985. HSN services are broadcasted in several countries around the world.

Evening gown

An evening gown is a fancy dress. It is usually worn to parties or formal dinners. These dresses are usually floor-length dresses

Gloria Reuben

Gloria Elizabeth Reuben (born June 9, 1964) is a Canadian actress and singer. She acts in both television series and movies. Reuben played Elizabeth Keckley in the 2012 movie "Lincoln". She played Jeanie Boulet in the medical drama "ER". Reuben was born in Toronto, Ontario.

Wikivoyage

Wikivoyage is a free travel and tourism guide on the web. It is written by volunteer authors using a wiki. Anyone can edit articles. The name "Wikivoyage" is a combination of the words "wiki" and "voyage", the French word for travel, journey, or trip.

Wikivoyage started publicly in December 2006 as a German-language version that was supported by German and Swiss authors. It was owned by a German non-profit association named Wikivoyage e.V. The Italian version started in December 2007.

In 2012, the content of Wikitravel in other languages was copied to Wikivoyage. At the same time Wikivoyage became hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation (WMF), a non-profit organization that hosts other wikis such as Wikipedia. Wikivoyage was officially re-launched by Wikimedia on January 15, 2013. At that time Wikivoyage was available in German, Italian, English, French, Dutch, Russian, Swedish, Portuguese and Spanish languages. The English version is the biggest, with more than 27,400 articles in September 2016.

Wikivoyage is written by the collaboration of "Wikivoyagers" from around the world. Articles cover different levels of geography, from continents to districts of a city. Articles mostly consist of: destinations, itineraries, phrasebooks, and travel topics.

Geographical units are described in articles based on, "can you sleep there?"

The hierarchy includes:

Articles list attractions such as hotels, restaurants, bars, stores, nightclubs, tour operators, museums, statues or other works of art, city parks, town squares or streets, festivals or events, transport systems or stations, bodies of water, and uninhabited islands.

An itinerary describes a list of destinations and attractions to visit during a specific amount of time, with recommendations of how long to stay and routes to follow. Itineraries usually have a well-defined path.

A phrasebook has:

Travel topics include the following: Something that is too large or too detailed to go in a destination article. General travel information that applies to many destinations. Major events that occur in different places. Specialist information such as scuba-diving sites.


RR Lyrae

RR Lyrae is a pulsating variable star in the constellation Lyra. It is the model for the variable stars known as RR Lyrae variables. It pulses over a short cycle of 13 hours, 36 minutes. Each radial pulsation causes the radius of the star to vary between 5.1 and 5.6 times the Sun's radius.

Stars of this type are often found in globular clusters, and used as standard candles to measure distances to other galaxies.

RR Lyrae and its type are pulsating stars of spectral class A (and rarely F), with a mass of around half the Sun's. It is thought they previously shed mass and consequently, they were once stars with similar or slightly less mass than the Sun, about 0.8 solar masses.

RR Lyrae stars pulse in a manner similar to Cepheid variables, so the mechanism for the pulsation is thought to be similar. The nature and histories of these stars is thought to be rather different.
Unlike Cepheids, RR Lyraes are old, low mass, metal-poor "Population II" stars. They are much more common than Cepheids, but also much less luminous. The average absolute magnitude of an RR Lyrae is about 0.75, only 40 or 50 times brighter than our Sun. Their period is shorter, typically less than one day, sometimes ranging down to seven hours.

The relationship between pulsation period and absolute magnitude of RR Lyraes makes them good standard candles for relatively near objects, especially within the Milky Way. They are extensively used in globular cluster studies, and also used to study chemical properties of older stars.

Knowing the period-luminosity relation for local RR Lyrae-type variable stars allows the distance of more distant stars of this type to be determined. The distance of RR Lyrae remained uncertain until 2002 when the Hubble Space Telescope was used to fix its distance within a 5% margin of error. The result was . When combined with measurements from the Hipparcos satellite and other sources, the result is a distance estimate of .

Rosalind Russell

Rosalind Russell (June 4, 1907 – November 28, 1976) was an American actress who acted in lots of stage plays and many movies. She played a fast talking newspaper reporter in the 1940 screwball movie "His Girl Friday" and Mame Dennis in the movie "Auntie Mame". Russell was born in Connecticut. She died from breast cancer at age sixty-nine in Beverly Hills, California.

L'Osservatore Romano

L'Osservatore Romano is the official newspaper of the Holy See. It was first published in 1861. It is not used for official publications, which appear in Acta Apostolicae Sedis. L'Osservatore Romano is published daily, in Italian. There are also weekly or monthly editions in many other languages.


Mirrors (song)

"Mirrors" is a 2013 song by American singer Justin Timberlake. The song is on his third studio album "The 20/20 Experience". "Mirrors" was released 11 February 2013. 

Galactic Centre

The Galactic Centre (or Galactic Center) is the rotational center of the Milky Way galaxy. 

It is a supermassive black hole of 4,100 ± 0.034 million solar masses. It powers the compact radio source Sagittarius A*. 

It is away from Earth in the direction of the constellations Sagittarius, Ophiuchus, and Scorpius where the Milky Way appears brightest.

Walter Baade searched for the centre of the Milky Way galaxy in the mid-1940s. He used the Hooker telescope at Mount Wilson Observatory in California. 

Up until then the structure and position of the galactic center was not known for sure.

In 2006, the Sagittarius Window Eclipsing Extrasolar Planet Search (SWEEPS) conducted a survey of 180,000 stars for seven days. The objective was to detect extrasolar planets by the transit method.

OGLE and other observation programs have successfully detected extrasolar planets orbiting around central bulge stars in this area by the gravitational microlensing method.

Enterococcus

Enterococcus is a genus of lactic acid bacteria of the phylum Firmicutes.

Enterococci are Gram-positive cocci that often occur in pairs or short chains. They look like streptococci. Two species are regular gut flora organisms in the intestines of humans: "E. faecalis" (90-95%) and "E. faecium" (5-10%).

Enterococci are "facultative anaerobic organisms". This means they can live in both oxygen-rich and oxygen-poor environments.

Members of the genus "Enterococcus" were classified as Group D "Streptococcus" until 1984. Genomic DNA analysis showed they were a separate genus.

Important infections caused by "Enterococcus" include urinary tract infections, bacterial endocarditis, diverticulitis, and meningitis.

Sensitive strains of these bacteria can be treated with ampicillin, penicillin and vancomycin. Urinary tract infections can be treated by antibiotics, but many virulent strains of "Enterococcus" are resistant. From a medical standpoint, an important feature of this genus is the high level of antibiotic resistance. This rules out some important antibiotics.

Mycoplasma

Mycoplasma is a genus of bacteria. They do not have a cell wall around their cell membrane. 
They are gram-negative, and need sterols such as cholesterol for growth. Many common antibiotics such as penicillin that target cell walls do not affect mycoplasma. "Mycoplasma" are the smallest bacterial cells yet discovered. They are typically about 0.1  µm in diameter.

Many species are parasitic, pathogenic or saprophytic, and can survive without oxygen. In humans, "M. genitalium" causes urethritis, and "M. pneumoniae" is a common cause of pneumonia. Some live as saprophytes but the majority are parasites of plants and animals. The parasitic nature is due to the inability of mycoplasmal bacteria to synthesise the required growth factor. 

Micropaleontology

Micropaleontology (also sometimes spelled as micropalaeontology) is the branch of paleontology that studies microfossils. Microfossils are fossils generally not larger than four millimeters, and commonly smaller than one millimeter. A microscope is used to study them. Every kingdom of organisms is represented in the microfossil record. Microfossils can provide important information about the ecology in the past.

People who study micropaleontology are called micropaleontologists. Taxonomy and statistics are important parts of micropaleontology. 

Microfossils are most common in sediment that forms beneath water, particularly ocean water or lake water. Very old microfossils may be found in rock. Special techniques are used to separate microfossils from rock. For example, the shells of diatoms and some other organisms are made of silica; other materials in the rock can sometimes be removed with acid, leaving just the silica shells.

Micropaleontology can be divided into four areas of study. The different areas of study use different techniques to separate the microfossils. This is because the microfossils are made of different minerals: 

The area of study for pollen and spores, including fossils, is called palynology.

Palynology

Palynology is the study of very small natural particles. The word literally means the "study of dust". A palynologist is someone whose job is to identify what the particles are. Samples of particles can come from the air or water or soil or rocks. They could be organic and inorganic. Micropaleontology is a related area of study; it involves very small fossils.

A palynologist uses a microscope. They may also use chemical tests to find out what a particle is made of.

The methods used to study fossils in micropaleontology and in palynology are often different. Micropaleontology often involves breaking and dissolving rocks. Palynology often involves soil or sediment.

The main work of a palynologist is to identify each particle. Many different kinds of particles might be in the same sample. They may include:

When the palynologist knows what particles are present in a sample, they may be able to say what the temperature or environmental chemistry was like where the sample came from. They may also be able to say where the sample came from.

Palynology is used in forensic science to learn where something came from, by looking at the particles in or on it.

Palynology is also very important in the study of climate history. In bodies of water such as lakes, ponds, and the ocean, sediment builds up slowly, so that the oldest sediment is at the bottom. There are ways to take a sample of the sediment that doesn't disturb the layers (either using a tube, or by freezing).

In glacial lakes, the sediment may have varves, which are two layers per year that are different colours. If there are varves, a lot of detailed information can be discovered in a core sample.

Delta Cephei

Delta Cephei (δ Cep, δ Cephei) is a binary star system about 887 light-years away in the northern constellation of Cepheus, the King. At this distance, the apparent magnitude of the star is reduced by 0.23 as a result of gas and dust along the line of sight. 

Delta Cephei, found by John Goodricke in 1784, was only the second Cepheid variable discovered. It is very important because its distance is extremely well known. This is partly because it is in a star cluster, close enough for the precise Hubble Space Telescope/Hipparcos parallaxes to give a good result. As a result, it is known as a "fundamental distance calibrator", or absolute candle. Delta Cephei is a classical, or type I, Cepheid variable.

The only Cepheid variable closer to us is Polaris, the North Star, whose distance is still not exactly known.

Delta Cephei is emitting around 2,000 times the Sun's luminosity. This is producing a strong stellar wind, which, with the pulsations and shocks in the star's atmosphere, is ejecting mass at the rate of masses per year. This is the equivalent to the mass of the Sun roughly every million years. The matter is flowing outward at a velocity of about 350 km s. This expelled gas forms a nebula about one parsec across, centered on Delta Cephei, and contains 0.07–0.21 solar masses of neutral hydrogen. A bow shock is being formed where the stellar wind is colliding with the surrounding interstellar medium.

Quantum state

The quantum state of something is a mathematical tool that describes everything that can be physically measured about that thing. For example, the quantum state of a hydrogen atom, has all the physical information one can get from measuring a hydrogen atom, like its position, momentum, energy, angular momentum, spin, and so forth.


Inge Lønning

Inge Lønning (20 February 1938 – 24 March 2013) was a Norwegian Lutheran theologian, academic, and politician for the Conservative Party of Norway.

Lønning was born on 20 February 1938 in Fana, Bergen, Norway. He was raised in Oslo, Norway. Lønning studied at the University of Oslo. He served as a councilman in Oslo. Lønning died on 24 March 2013 from an illness after going on a trip in Beitostølen, Norway, aged 75.


Haw

Haw or HAW may refer to:


Saguia el Hamra

Saguia el Hamra was one of the two territories that made up the territory Western Sahara, when it was under Spanish rule, until 1978. At that time, Western Sahara was called "Sahara Occidental". It makes up the northern part of the territory, that extends from about 26° northern longitude, to about 27° 50'. It covers an area of roughly . It is named after the river Saguia el Hamra, which only exists during part of the year - a wadi. During the rainy season, it turns into a lake, located near the capital, El Aaiún. The other territory was called Río de Oro

Frank Thornton

Frank Thornton (Frank Thornton Ball; 15 January 1921 – 16 March 2013) was an English actor. He is best known for his roles as Captain Peacock in "Are You Being Served?" and in its sequel "Grace & Favour" ("Are You Being Served Again"), and as Truly in "Last of the Summer Wine".

Thornton was born on 15 January 1921 in Dulwich, London, England. He studied at Alleyn's School and at the London School of Dramatic Art. Thornton was married to Beryl Jane Margaret Evans from 1945 until his death in 2013. They had a daughter, Jane Thornton. He died on 16 March 2013 in his home in Barnes, London, England from natural causes, aged 92.


Jackdaw

The Jackdaw is a large bird, a member of the crow family Corvidae. It is black, with a grey back of the head.

The jackdaw is common over the whole of Europe and much of Asia. It is mostly a resident, although northern and eastern populations migrate south in the winter. It is about in length,

The jackdaw is gregarious and vocal, living in small groups with a complex social structure. It is found in farmland, open woodland, on coastal cliffs, and in urban settings. 

Jackdaws are omnivorous and opportunistic. They eat a wide variety of plant material and invertebrates, as well as food waste from urban areas. Jackdaws are monogamous and build simple nests of sticks in cavities in trees, cliffs, or buildings. About five pale blue or blue-green eggs with brown speckles are laid and incubated by the female. The young fledge in four to five weeks.

In his book "King Solomon's Ring", Konrad Lorenz described and analysed the complex social interactions in a Jackdaw flock which lived around his house in Altenberg, Austria. He ringed them for identification and caged them in the winter to prevent their annual migration. 

Lorenz found that the birds have a hierarchy, with higher-ranked birds dominating lower-ranked birds. Pair-bonded birds share the same rank. Young males establish their individual status before pairing with females. Unmated females are the lowest members in the pecking order, and are the last to have access to food and shelter. Lorenz noted one case in which a male, absent during the dominance struggles and pair bondings, returned to the flock, became the dominant male, and chose one of two unpaired females for a mate. This female immediately assumed a dominant position in the social hierarchy and demonstrated this by pecking others. According to Lorenz, the most significant factor in social behaviour was the immediate and intuitive grasp of the new hierarchy by each bird in the flock.


Peggy Sue Got Married

Peggy Sue Got Married is a 1986 American romantic fantasy comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Francis Ford Coppola. It stars Kathleen Turner and Nicolas Cage. Turner's character, Peggy Sue Bodell, goes back in time to 1960 when she attends her class of 1960 high school reunion in 1985.

Dry stone wall

A dry stone wall is a wall made of stone without using mortar. They are made by carefully choosing rocks that fit together. There are dry stone walls in the Yorkshire Dales in northern England.


Sun Country Airlines

Sun Country Airlines is an American low-fare airline. It was started by many former Braniff International Airways employees. It is headquartered in the Dakota County suburb of Eagan, Minnesota. Sun Country uses nearby Minneapolis/Saint Paul International Airport as a "hub". It currently flies to 43 destinations throughout the Caribbean, United States, Mexico, and Costa Rica.

Most of Sun Country's routes either arrive in or depart from Minneapolis-St. Paul. The airline also sometimes has flights between other cities, including Dallas, Texas 

Sun Country has Boeing 737 airplanes.

Virgin America

Virgin America was an U.S. airline. It began operations in 2007. Its corporate headquarters were located in California. The airline used Airbus A319 and Airbus A320 aircraft, flying to destinations throughout the United States and Mexico.

The airline was partly owned by the Virgin Group. The Virgin Group also controls Virgin Atlantic Airways and Virgin Australia. However, the Virgin Group had less than a fifty percent share of the airline. This is due to U.S. federal laws that do not allow foreign control of domestic airlines. 

Virgin America was looking to sell all or part of its airline in early 2016. On April 4, 2016, Alaska Airlines announced it would buy Virgin America. Alaska retired the Virgin America name on April 25, 2018, and the airline's branding gradually started to disappear from planes and interiors from that date onwards.

Rebecca Romijn

Rebecca Alie O'Connell (née Romijn, born November 6, 1972) is an American movie and television series actress. She played Mystique in the X-men movies and Alexis Meade in the television sitcom "Ugly Betty". Romijn was born in Berkeley, California. Her father is Dutch.

Godsend (movie)

Godsend is a 2004 supernatural horror-thriller movie. It is about a couple who lose their child, after which they are put through supernatural forces and nightmares. The movie stars Robert De Niro and Rebecca Romijn. This movie received very bad reviews from critics. Its intake was over $30 million, making "Godsend" a mild success in the box office.


Gengen-Wer

Gengen Wer is a god in Egyptian mythology that appears as a goose. He is long forgotten by the Egyptian people, but was famous in Ancient Egypt. He is seen in the series of Rick Riordan's "The Kane Chronicles" books as a god who is senile. He was sensitive as the earlier Egyptians wrote. He was long forgotten by the Egyptian people, but was admired in Ancient Egypt. He is often associated with artistic expression and laid an egg in the plain of chaos that all matter came from.

Mount Ebenezer

Mount Ebenezer is a pastoral station and roadhouse in the south of the Northern Territory, Australia. It is located on the Lasseter Highway, from the Stuart Highway to the east and to Uluṟu in the west. Mount Ebenezer is owned by the community of Imaṉpa, which is surrounded by the property. It is one of the few Aboriginal-owned stations in the Territory. It is managed by Lisanote Pty Ltd, a company also owned by the Imaṉpa Community. This company also operates the Angas Downs Indigenous Protected Area, which borders the property to the west. The lease for the property is held by the Fogarty family.

The area falls within the traditional homeland of the southern Luritja people (Matuntara). Mount Ebenezer, the mountain that the station was named after, is in the Basedow Ranges and can be seen to the north of the roadhouse. The mountain itself is named for Ebenezer Flint, who worked in the area in 1871 on the Overland Telegraph Line. In the early 1920s, a pioneer named William Liddle established the Angas Downs sheep station to the west of the Basedow Ranges. He had previously worked at the telegraph station in Alice Springs. He settled at Angas Downs with his wife Mary (an Aranda woman) and had several children. From the late 1920s, the family began to use the Mount Ebenezer area as an extension of Angas Downs.

Mount Ebenezer was established as its own station in 1947 by William's second son, Harold Liddle. He was one of the first people of Aboriginal descent to get a perpetual lease for a pastoral property. Liddle sold the new station to Ted Kunoth in 1952. Kunoth built a roadhouse to service tourist traffic between the Stuart Highway and Uluṟu. In 1978, Kunoth agreed to allow the Aboriginal people of the area to set up a community on a part of the station's lands. The area at Imaṉpa, beneath the Basedow Ranges, was removed from the property for this. Kunoth sold the property's lease to Alan Rogers, who then resold to the Fogarty family in 1993.


Evil Dead (2013 movie)

The Evil Dead is a 2013 American horror movie. It is about five friends who stay at a remote cabin. This movie was at first rated NC-17, but changes were made so the movie would get an R rating from the MPAA. "Evil Dead" was also rated "18" by the BBFC (UK) and rated "R" in Australia. This movie got positive reviews by the critics.

It is a remake of 1981 movie "Evil Dead".

Jon Lovitz

Jonathan M. "Jon" Lovitz (born July 21, 1957) is an American comedian, actor and singer. He was known for his sketches on "Saturday Night Live" from 1985 through 1990. He was also known for his guest-star role as Steve on "Friends". He won two Emmy Awards for his writing on comedy series and a Screen Actors Guild Award for his acting in a crew. 

Lovitz was born on July 21, 1957 in Los Angeles, California to a Romanian-Hungarian-Russian-Jewish family. He studied at the University of California at Irvine.


Jerry Colonna

Gerardo Luigi "Jerry" Colonna (September 17, 1904 – November 21, 1986) was an Italian-American comedian, singer, actor, songwriter, and musician. He was known for his big mustache and for working with Bob Hope on comedy shows.

Colonna was born on September 17, 1904 in Boston, Massachusetts to an Italian family. He was married to Florence Purcell in c. 1930 until his death in 1986. They had one son, Robert. Colonna died on November 21, 1986 in Woodland Hills, California from kidney failure, aged 82.


Kozhikode district

Kozhikode is a district in the state of Kerala, in India. It is divided into four taluks - Kozhikode, Vadakara, Koyilandy and Thamarassery.

Río de Oro

Rio de Oro was one of the two territories of Western Sahara, when the territory was under Spanish rule. Rio de Oro, which literally means "river of gold" is more to the south. The other part was called Saguia el Hamra. The territory is named after a wadi. The capital of the territory is called Dakhla. When the territory was ruled by the Spanish, its name was "Villa Cisneros". It has a size of roughly . To the north, the 26th parallel is the border, and to the south, the territory is limited by the 21° 20' parallel (and the border with Mauritania).

Originally, Portuguese traders called the territory "Rio do Ouro", they traded goods for gold dust, in the year 1442. They believed to be in Mali ruled by Mansa Musa. Mali was famed for its gold deposits, despite the fact that gold was never found there, and only further south in Akjoujt and south of the Niger River. Historic maps show a river running from the center of Africa to the Atlantic Ocean, newer maps show a shorter river which ends in a wadi named Megeta Mersug. In 1886, a Spanish expedition searched for this river, but did not find it.

Platform shoe

Platform shoes are shoes that have extremely dense soles. They are often made out of plastics, rubber or cork. Platform shoes were first worn during the Ancient era. They are known to add height to whoever is wearing them. The shoes are oftentimes worn to avoid coming in contact with urban street filth, grime and muck. These shoes were very popular between the 1930s and the 1980s in the United States, Europe and the United Kingdom. They were worn mostly by girls or young women, although middle-aged or elderly women sometimes wear the shoes. Comfort platforms were invented during the disco music era, and would be designed to mix added heights and sneaker style or orthotic comforts. The fad eventually fizzled out during the late 1980s and early 1990s, though by then people of all ages, particularly girls and young to middle-aged women, wore the shoes.

1930's
Moshe Kimel introduced the modern platform shoe in the 30's for actress Marlene Dietrich. This started a fad among the elite and well to do. The growing popularity of the shoe sparked several well known copies such as "the rainbow" by Salvatore Ferragamo . At this time the shoes were typically made with cork due to the production material changes many had to face during World War II. As many trends do this one slowly disappeared from the main stream media, and didn't reaper till the late 60's. 

1970's-1980's
Carole Basetta was the well known designer producing shoes for famous artists such as David Bowie . This time it was not just a feminine fashion statement but men also wore platforms as well because platforms started coming in different forms like boots, trainers, and sandals. Tony Randell wore clear platforms with goldfish in the heals on a tv show and again these shoes appeared in Starsky and Hutch . In the 80's brands popularized the comfort platform which was meant for everyday use. 

Late 90's early 2000's
While introduced in the early 90's platforms didn't pick up in mainstream fashion till the late 90's. This may be due to Naomi Campbell's runway fall in 1993 while wearing Vivienne Westwood's platform heels. After the 90's platforms did not pick up again till around 2003-2004 when YSL made a tribute sandal to commemorate the 70's shoe style. Many celebrities' liked this design for the added sex appeal. 

2010-2020
This era of platform shoe was more popular with the platform boot style. Some of the more well known brands are Demonia, Bordello, and Dolls kill. With the rise of E-girl as a subculture in 2019 the sale of gothic style platform boots have gone up. During the 2010 era clear shoes wear also popularized by Kim Kardashian West. These clear platform shoes allow to to put trinkets in your shoe ranging from flowers, kids toys, and plastic fish to Halloween decorations, spiders, and baby doll heads.
Gown

A gown is a type of clothing usually worn by women. There are different kinds of gowns. Some are worn on formal occasions such as marriages. Some are worn in hospitals. Some are worn to sleep in.

Mary Jane (shoe)

Mary Janes are low-cut, rounded-toed shoes that are worn almost entirely by girls or women. They are usually low or mid heeled, though there are some that are high heeled. The shoes have one thin strap over the instep of the foot. They are made almost exclusively of leather. These shoes are worn at school, in church or during work (for certain places), and with skirts, dresses and certain types of pants.

Classic Mary Jane shoes is for the of the punk rock, psychobilly, and goth subculture and the kinderwhore and Lolita fashion and the with and religious, birthday parties, visits and the with and schoolgirl style or the School uniform and the with a Velcro

Nature (journal)

Nature is a scientific journal. It was first published on 4 November 1869. It is the world's most cited scientific journal. That means that, when scientists write formal reports of their experiments, they list all the earlier studies that they read in their reference section. They list studies from "Nature" in their reference sections more than studies from any other journal. It is also the longest continuously published scientific weekly.

Most scientific journals are now specific to just one kind of science, for example only biochemistry or only mining science. "Nature" is one of the few journals which still publish original research articles across the whole range of science. Important new advances and original scientific research is published as articles or letters in "Nature". "Nature" also prints surveys and reviews of important research fields.

Research scientists are the primary audience for the journal, but ordinary people read it as well. Because of this, articles are written and edited to make them understandable to scientists in other fields and any educated person. 

In the first pages of each issue are editorials, news and feature articles on issues of general interest to scientist. Topics include current affairs, science funding, business, scientific ethics and research breakthroughs. There are also sections on books and arts. Because of limits on the length of articles, often the printed text is a summary of the work in question. Details may be put in "supplementary material" on the journal's website.

Nature has spun off a series of more specialised journals which publish longer, more technical articles which would be unsuitable for Nature's wider readership.

Diabetic retinopathy

Diabetic retinopathy, is the most common eye disease caused by diabetes, it damages the retinas in both eyes, causing vision problems which may lead to blindness.

It affects up to 80 percent of all patients who have had diabetes for 10 years or more. However it is possible that at least 90% of these new cases could be kept from becoming severe with early diagnosis and proper treatment.

Diabetic retinopathy often has no early warning signs. As new blood vessels form at the back of the eye as a part of "proliferative diabetic retinopathy" (PDR), they can bleed (ocular hemorrhage) and blur vision. The first time this happens, it may not be very severe. In most cases, it will leave just a few specks of blood, or spots, floating in a person's visual field, though the spots often go away after a few hours.

These spots are often followed within a few days or weeks by a much greater leakage of blood, which blurs vision. In extreme cases, a person will only be able to tell light from dark in that eye. It may take the blood anywhere from a few days to months or even years to clear from the inside of the eye, and in some cases the blood will not clear. These types of large hemorrhages tend to happen more than once, often during sleep.

On funduscopic exam, a doctor will see spots, flame hemorrhages, and dot-blot hemorrhages.

Elevation of blood-glucose levels can also cause edema (swelling) of the crystalline lens as a result of sorbitol (sugar alcohol) building up in the lens. This edema often causes temporary myopia (nearsightedness). A common sign of swelling of the lens is blurring of distance vision while near vision remains adequate.

During the first three stages of diabetic retinopathy, no treatment is needed, unless there is macular edema. To prevent diabetic retinopathy from getting worse, diabetics should control their levels of blood sugar, blood pressure, and blood cholesterol.

Proliferative retinopathy is treated with scatter laser surgery, which helps to shrink the abnormal blood vessels. During the surgery 1,000 to 2,000 laser burns are placed in the areas of the retina away from the macula, causing the abnormal blood vessels to shrink. Two or more sessions usually are required to complete treatment. There may be some loss of peripheral (side) vision, and color vision, and night vision may also be slightly reduced.

Scatter laser treatment works best before the abnormal fragile, new blood vessels which grow because of the disease have started to bleed. Treatment may still be possible after bleeding has begun in some cases.

Macular edema is treated with focal laser treatment. Up to several hundred small laser burns are placed in the areas of retinal leakage surrounding the macula. These burns cauterize the blood vessels, reduces tha amount of leakage and fluid build-up in the retina. The surgery is usually done in one session but further treatments may be needed. If both eyes are affected by macular edema only one is treated at a time usually a few weeks apart.

Focal laser treatment stabilizes vision and reduces the risk of vision loss by 50 percent. In a small number of cases, if vision is lost, it can be improved.
Viteroctomy is the surgical removal of the "vitreous humur". The vitreous humur is a clear, thick, gel-like fluid, that fills the inside of the eyeball and helps it to maintain its shape.
This treatment is done in cases of proliferative retinopathy that causes severe scar tissue to form on the retina or when new blood vessels continue to grow on the retina after laser treatments.

According to research done by the National Eye Institute, prompt treatment of diabetic macular edema with the drug Lucentis, with or without laser treatment, resulted in better vision than laser treatment alone, or steroid injections. When injected into the eye, Lucentis, and two other similar drugs, Avastin or Aylea, reduce fluid leakage and interfere with the growth of new blood vessels in the retina.


Kramer vs. Kramer

Kramer vs. Kramer is a 1979 American drama movie. It was written and directed by Robert Benton. It is based on a novel by Avery Corman. It stars Dustin Hoffman and Meryl Streep as New York City married couple Ted and Joanna Kramer. She leaves him and their son; the couple divorce. Fifteen months later, she decides she wants custody of the child, taking Ted to court.

Kozhikode

Kozhikode, also known as Calicut, is a city in the state of Kerala in southern India. Kozhikode is the third largest city in Kerala. It is part of the second largest urban agglomeration in Kerala with a metropolitan population of 2,030,519 as per 2011 census. The city lies about north of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram.

Jerzy Nowak

Jerzy Nowak (June 20, 1923 – March 26, 2013) was a Polish actor and teacher. He was known for his roles as a Jewish investor in "Schindler's List", as a "bumpkin farmer" in "", and as the great creative Zucker in "The Promised Land".

Nowak was born on June 20, 1923 in Brzesko, Poland. He was raised in Kraków, Poland. Nowak studied at the Ludwik Solski Academy for the Dramatic Arts.

He was married two times. He was married to his second wife, Maria Andruszkiewicz-Smith, from 1989 until his death in 2013. He had no children.

Nowak died on March 26, 2013 in Warsaw, Poland from natural causes, aged 89.

Curse of Tippecanoe

The name Curse of Tippecanoe (also known as Tecumseh's Curse, the Presidential Curse, Zero-Year Curse, the Twenty-Year Curse, or the Twenty-Year Presidential Jinx) is used to describe the death of Presidents of the United States in office while elected or re-elected in a year ending in "0".

The "curse" began when President William Henry Harrison (elected in 1840) died in office from pneumonia just one month after becoming President. According to a folk tale, the "curse" happened because then-General Harrison had fought on Native American grounds during the 1811 Battle of Tippecanoe. The battle was famous, and "Old Tippecanoe" became Harrison's nickname. But the battle made the Native Americans so angry that they cursed his name.

The last President included in this "curse" to die was John F. Kennedy. He was elected in 1960 and assassinated in 1963. Two later Presidents elected in "0" years: Ronald Reagan (1980), survived an assassination attempt and George W. Bush (2000), who also survived an assassination attempt. 

Current President Joe Biden would be next in line seeing how he was elected in 2020.

The following Presidents were part of the "curse":


The only president who died in office without being elected in a "cursed" year was Zachary Taylor, who was elected in 1848 and died in 1850.

The most recent two Presidents elected in a "zero" year survived the "curse":


Many people think that the curse was broken or lifted when John Hinckley tried to kill Ronald Reagan while he left a hotel in Washington, D.C.. After Reagan survived the attack no other Presidents after him were harmed until George W. Bush was elected.


Assassination attempt on Ronald Reagan

The Assassination attempt on Ronald Reagan happened on Monday, March 30, 1981, 69 days after becoming President. Ronald Reagan was leaving after a speaking engagement at the Washington Hilton Hotel in Washington, D.C.. As Reagan left to enter his car, John Hinckley, Jr. fired his gun.

At 2:27 pm Eastern Time, Reagan exited the hotel through "President's Walk" and its K Street NW exit toward his waiting limousine. Hinckley waited within the crowd of civilians. While the Secret Service blocked those attending the president's speech, in a "colossal mistake" the agency allowed an unsearched group to stand within feet of him, behind a rope line.

Reagan unexpectedly passed right in front of Hinckley. Believing he would never get a better chance, Hinckley fired a Röhm RG-14 .22 Long Rifle blue steel revolver six times in 1.7 seconds.

Five out of the six shots missed the president. The first bullet hit White House Press Secretary James Brady in the head. The second bullet hit District of Columbia police officer Thomas Delahanty in the back of his neck as he turned to protect Reagan. Hinckley now had a clear shot at the president, but the third bullet overshot him and hit the window of a building across the street.

As Special Agent In Charge Jerry Parr quickly pushed Reagan into the limousine, the fourth bullet hit Secret Service agent Timothy McCarthy in the abdomen as he spread his body over Reagan to protect him. The fifth bullet hit the bullet-resistant glass of the window on the open side door of the limousine. The sixth and final bullet ricocheted off the armored side of the limousine and hit the president in his left underarm, grazing a rib and lodging in his lung, stopping nearly 1 inch (25mm) from his heart. Parr's prompt reaction saved Reagan from being hit in the head. Reagan suffered from a punctured lung and heavy internal bleeding. He received medical attention quickly.

The powers of the President were never actually given to anyone else during this time through the presidential line of succession. Secretary of State Alexander Haig caused anger and arguments at a press conference by stating "I am in control here", while Vice President George H. W. Bush returned to Washington D.C. Since the Vice President was not physically present in Washington D.C., Secretary Haig thought that, as Secretary of State, he was to meant to assume command. In reality, according to the US Constitution, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Tip O'Neill was to take over from President Reagan, and Vice President Bush to be in charge. Secretary Haig was angry about his mistake as was Speaker O'Neill.

The shooter was 30-year old John Hinckley. Hinckley said that he wanted to shoot President Reagan to impress actress Jodie Foster. He planned the assassination after he saw the movie "Taxi Driver" and there was a scene similar to the event.

Hinckley decided to copy DeNiro's character in the movie. He began to stalk President Jimmy Carter. He was surprised at how easy it was to get close to the president—only one foot away at one event. He was arrested in October 1980 at Nashville International Airport for illegal possession of firearms. Even though Carter made a campaign stop there, the Federal Bureau of Investigation did not connect this arrest to the President and did not tell the United States Secret Service.

He wrote three or four more notes to Foster in early March 1981. Foster gave these notes to her dean, who gave them to the Yale police department. After this, the police wanted to find Hinckley, but failed. Hinckley soon moved to Washington, D.C. to carry-out his assassination plan.

Nobody was killed in the attack. Press Secretary James Brady was left paralyzed and permanently disabled. Brady died in August 2014. Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity. He was in a psychiatric facility until 2016.

The members of his staff were anxious for the president to appear to be recovering quickly, and the morning after his operation he saw visitors and signed a piece of legislation. Reagan left the hospital on the 13th day. He was able to travel outside of Washington 49 days later.

Before the shooting, Reagan had the lowest approval ratings of any president during his first term in office. After the shooting, Reagan's approval ratings rose. The assassination attempt boosted his popularity and some may say that it helped him win his re-election campaign in 1984.

Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity on June 21, 1982. The defense psychiatric reports had found him to be insane while the prosecution reports declared him legally sane.

Following his lawyers' advice, he was not a witness in his own defense. Hinckley was confined at St. Elizabeths Hospital in Washington, D.C.. He was released in 2016.



Murchison meteorite

The Murchison meteorite is named after the place it fell: Murchison, Victoria, Australia. It is large (over 100 kg) and it was seen falling. It is one of the most studied meteorites, since it belongs to a group of meteorites rich in organic compounds, known as carbonaceous chondrites.

On 28 September 1969 at about 10:58 am, a bright fireball was seen. It separated into three fragments before disappearing, leaving a cloud of smoke. About 30 seconds later, a tremor was heard. People found fragments over an area larger than 13 km², with fragments up to 7 kg. One, weighing 680 g, broke through a roof and fell in hay. The mass is over 100 kg.

This type of meteorite is rich in carbon. Murchison contains over 15 amino acids. The amino acids found in the Murchison meteorite can be (and have been) synthesised in laboratory experiments. This was done by the action of electric discharge on a mixture of methane, nitrogen, and water with traces of ammonia.

The amino acids were mostly racemic. This means the chirality of their enantiomers are almost equally left- and right-handed. This suggests they are not caused by terrestrial contamination. A complex mixture of alkanes was isolated as well, similar to that found in the Miller-Urey experiment. Serine and threonine, often earthly contaminants, were absent from the samples.

In 1997 research showed that individual amino-acids from Murchison were enriched in the nitrogen isotope N relative to their terrestrial counterparts. This confirmed an extraterrestrial source. The organic materials identified included sugar-like compounds (polyols).

Several lines of evidence show that the inside of well-preserved fragments from Murchison are pristine (not contaminated). A 2010 study identified 14,000 molecular compounds (including 70 amino acids) in a sample of the meteorite. There may be 50,000 or more different molecular compositions in the meteorite.

Measured purine and pyrimidine compounds are in the Murchison meteorite. Carbon isotope ratios for uracil and xanthine show a non-terrestrial origin for these compounds. The results show many organic compounds which are components of life on Earth were already present in the early Solar System. They may have played a role in life's origin.

Law Abiding Citizen

Law Abiding Citizen is a 2009 American crime drama thriller movie. The subjects in this movie are capital punishment and murder. Jamie Foxx and Viola Davis are in the cast. This movie was rated NC-17 for extreme violence, although was later edited for an R-rating. The movie got negative reviews from the critics. Its box office performance was very good.

Boeing 314

The Boeing 314 Clipper was a flying boat. It was made by the Boeing Airplane Company between 1938 and 1941. It was one of the biggest planes at that time, and it used the wing of the XB-15 bomber. Twelve Clippers were made for Pan Am. Three of them were sold to BOAC during the Battle of Britain (1940).

Pan American had asked for a flying boat with a very long range. Boeing wanted to make it, and Pan American asked for six of Boeing's planes. Boeing engineers used a wing taken from one of Boeing's earlier planes. The new plane had Wright Twin Cyclone.

The plane made flew for the first time on June 7, 1938. The test pilot found some things wrong with the plane. Boeing fixed these and the plane was fine.
Weight was very important. Every passenger could only have of baggage for free. They had to pay $3.25 per lb ($7.15/kg) if they went over this limit.

Pan Am's "Clippers" were meant for luxury. The seats could be changed into beds. The plane normally flew at only , so flights sometimes lasted more than 12 hours. The 314s had a lounge and dining area, and the planes had chefs from four-star hotels. Men and women had dressing rooms, too. The luxury on Pan American's Boeing 314s was better than anything since then. They were for very rich people. It cost about the same amount as it would have cost to fly on Concorde in 2006.

The 314 was also successful because of its Pan Am flight crews. They were very good at long-distance flying. Many of the flights had another crew for training. Only the best pilots flew the Boeing 314. If it was hard to see because of fog, pilots sometimes landed at sea and then moved Clipper on the water.

The first 314, "Honolulu Clipper", started being used in January 1939.

When war started in the Pacific, "Pacific Clipper" was flying to New Zealand. Instead of going back to Honolulu, it went to New York. This was done to avoid being shot down by Japanese fighters.

Pan Am's Boeing 314s were used by the military in World War II. The only thing that changed was how the painting on the plane looked. The Clippers were still flown by their crews from Pan Am. The Boeing 314s used by the military were called C-98s. Winston Churchill flew on Boeing 314s sometimes.

After the war, many Clippers were given back to Pan Am. However, the Boeing 314 was now out-of-date.

One Pan Am 314, called the "California Clipper", had flown more than one million miles when it was retired. Three Boeing 314s crashed.



No Boeing 314s still exist today. However, there is a replica at the Foynes Flying Boat Museum, Foynes, County Limerick, Ireland.



Theoren Fleury

Theoren Wallace "Theo" Fleury (born June 29, 1968) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger that played 16 seasons in National Hockey League (NHL).

Fleury was drafted by the Calgary Flames with the 166th overall pick in the 1987 NHL Draft. Fleury played in the NHL for four teams, Calgary Flames from 1988 to 1999, Colorado Avalanche during the 1998-99 NHL season, New York Rangers from 1999 to 2002, and Chicago Blackhawks during the 2002-03 NHL season. He won the Stanley Cup with the Flames in the 1988–89 NHL season. Fleury also won a gold medal with Team Canada in the 2002 Winter Olympics.

Fleury wrote an autobiography titled "Playing with Fire", and it was released on October 16, 2009. In the autobiography, he wrote about being sexually abused at the hands of his coach, Graham James. He also wrote about his battles with drug and alcohol addictions and mentioned that he placed a loaded gun in his mouth and contemplated suicide in 2004. Fleury is currently a motivational speaker and has participated in numerous charitable causes. He was a participant on the second season of the figure skating reality show Battle of the Blades and finished in 5th place with his partner Jamie Salé.


Hank Blade

Henry "Hank" Blade (April 28, 1921 – February 8, 2003) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre that played 24 games in the National Hockey League with the Chicago Black Hawks. 

Blade also played for the Ottawa Commandos and Ottawa Senators of the QSHL, Kansas City Pla-Mors and Milwaukee Sea Gulls of the USHL, Pittsburgh Hornets of the AHL and Calgary Stampeders of the PCHL and the WHL. He died on February 8, 2003.


La Güera

La Güera (also known as Tagwirt, Lagouira, or El Gouera) (Berber: ⵜⴰⴳⵡⵉⵔⵜ, Arabic: الكويرة) is a ghost town on the Atlantic coast at the southern tip of Western Sahara. It is on the western side of the Ras Nouadhibou peninsula. The ghost town is west of Nouadhibou. It is also the name of a daira at the Sahrawi refugee camps in south-western Algeria. The name comes from the Spanish word "" which is a ditch which carries rainwater to the crops. By 2002, it had been abandoned and parts of it had been covered by sand. At the time, only a few Imraguen fishermen lived there and the area was guarded and controlled by a Mauritanian military outpost, despite this not being formally Mauritanian territory.

La Güera is the southernmost town of Western Sahara. It is claimed by both the Kingdom of Morocco and the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic. Lagouira is situated south of the Moroccan Wall, and abandoned by both Moroccan and POLISARIO forces.

Histrionic personality disorder

Histrionic personality disorder (HPD) is a cluster B personality disorder. The name is derived from Latin "histrio", which is usually translated as actor. People with this condition constantly seek to direct attention to their own person. Very often they also flirt and try to seduce others in inappropriate ways to get this attention, for example by being exhibitionist. These attempts at seduction usually start when they are teenagers. Histrionics feel a strong need to receive a lot of appreciation, admiration and reassurance. HPD affects about four times as many women (4%) as men (1%). It has a prevalence of between two and three percent in the general population, and between ten and fifteen percent in mental health institutions.

HPD lies in the dramatic cluster of personality disorders. People with HPD have a high need for attention, make loud and inappropriate appearances, exaggerate their behaviors and emotions, and crave stimulation. They may exhibit sexually provocative behavior, express strong emotions with an impressionistic style, and can be easily influenced by others. Associated features include egocentrism, self-indulgence, continuous longing for appreciation, and persistent manipulative behavior to achieve their own needs.

A mnemonic that can be used to remember the characteristics of histrionic personality disorder is "PRAISE ME":

Most histrionics also have other mental disorders. HPD is comorbid (often occurs alongside): mood disorders, eating disorders, somatoform disorders, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and other personality disorders - especially antisocial, borderline, narcissistic and dependent.

Waltham Cross

Waltham Cross is a town in southeast Hertfordshire just north of London. It is named after a cross in the town centre dating from 1294, put there by King Edward I of England.

Salvation (Christianity)

Salvation in Christianity is found through the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus. This is why Good Friday, the day the Christian churches remember His death, is called good. Also Easter celebrates His resurrection and is the most important Christian holiday. Christians believe that atonement with God was gained by Jesus for all sinners who will accept Him, as He led a perfect life.

Many Christian writers say that Jesus saves us in three ways.

Justification means that God has forgiven all our sins. This is based on Jesus having died in our place. This becomes real for any person when they put their faith in Jesus.
Sanctification means that we become people that live a good life. This process is usually gradual, but may happen quickly.

Glorification means that when we die or Jesus returns to earth we will be taken to heaven to live with him.

Various Christian groups have somewhat different views about how salvation happens. However, all agree that the death of Jesus, followed by his resurrection is what makes salvation possible. They also agree that individual humans must respond to God's initiative. 

Before salvation can take place, a person must become aware that they need it. The Holy Spirit is God's instrument in this.
John Calvin called this Predestination, Saint Augustine and John Wesley called it "prevenient" (coming before) grace. Others call it common grace. The Catholic Encyclopedia states that salvation "begins with the grace of God which touches a sinner's heart, and calls him to repentance. This grace cannot be merited; it proceeds solely from the love and mercy of God"

A person who knows that they are in need of salvation, must also know that it is available. This happens when the person hears the gospel. The gospel is the news that Jesus has died and risen and promises eternal life to those who receive Him. The person then believes this message and responds. Various groups of Christians see this response in different ways. The Catholic and Orthodox churches, and some Restoration Churches say that the required response is Baptism. Other Protestants suggest a prayer to "ask Jesus to enter their heart (life)". In American evangelism, sometimes the suggested response has been to go to the front of a church in a public declaration of faith. St. Paul seems to have set down the proper response in his letter to the Romans, Chapter 10 verse 9. "if you confess with your mouth “Jesus is Lord” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved". Christians believe that the proper response to Jesus brings about justification, (forgiveness of sins), and begins the process of sanctification. 

Sanctification is also the work of God with the Christian responding to that work. Some churches say that the sacraments are very important in this. This would include receiving the Mass and confession. Others would emphasize reading the Bible, prayer, going to church and telling others about Jesus.



Taffy Abel

Clarence John "Taffy" Abel (May 28, 1900 – August 1, 1964) was an American professional ice hockey defenseman that played 8 seasons in the National Hockey League.

Abel played 3 seasons with the New York Rangers and 5 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks. He also played for the Minneapolis Millers of the Central Hockey League for 23 games and won a silver medal with the United States in the 1924 Winter Olympics. He won the Stanley Cup with the Rangers in the 1927–28 NHL season. After he retired, he returned to his hometown and coached ice hockey as well as operated a tourist hotel. He was inducted into the United States Hall of Fame in 1973. He was the first United States-born player to become a NHL regular player.


Madge Sinclair

Madge Sinclair (April 28, 1938 - December 20, 1995) was a character actress. She did voices for many movies. She was born in Kingston, Jamaica. She died in Los Angeles, California due to leukemia.

Pokémon Puzzle League

Pokémon Puzzle League is a puzzle video game for the Nintendo 64 game console. It was released in North America and Europe in 2000. Unlike most "Pokémon" games, it was never released in Japan. It is based on Nintendo's "Panel de Pon" puzzle video game series with a "Pokémon" theme. It is the only game to take place in the "Pokémon" anime universe. It was released for the Wii's Virtual Console in 2008.

Players clear blocks that come down by lining them up in horizontal or vertical lines of three or more blocks. The lines have to have the same kind of block. As new blocks come down, the playfield rises. If it makes it to the top, the player loses. The player can stop the playfield from rising by clearing blocks. In two-player games, clearing more than one line at once causes "garbage" blocks to come down on the opponent's side of the field. Garbage blocks can be cleared by clearing lines below them.

The game has 2D and 3D modes. In 3D mode, the playfield is a cylinder that is 18 blocks wide.

In two-player games, players can select one of fourteen Pokémon trainers to play as. Unlike other "Pokémon" games, trainers and their Pokémon do not have an effect on the gameplay.

Pokémon Puzzle Challenge

Pokémon Puzzle Challenge is a puzzle video game for the Game Boy Color game console. It was released in Japan on September 21, 2000, in North America on December 4, 2000, and in Europe on June 15, 2001. It is based upon Nintendo's "Panel de Pon" video game series, with a "Pokémon Gold and Silver" theme.

Players clear blocks that come down by lining them up in horizontal or vertical lines of three or more blocks. The lines have to be of the same kind of block. As new blocks come down, the playfield goes up. If the playfield reaches the top, the game ends. The player can stop the playfield by clearing blocks. The more lines a player clears at once, the higher their score will be.

There are three modes of play: single-player, multi-player, and training. Players can play as a number of different Pokémon from "Pokémon Gold and Silver", including Pikachu, Cyndaquil, and Totodile. New Pokémon can be unlocked by winning against other Pokémon trainers. 

The Frighteners

The Frighteners is a 1996 supernatural horror thriller movie. The main stories of this movie are exorcism and unexpected incidents during the early 1990s. Dee Wallace and Michael J. Fox are in the cast. This supernatural movie was released July 19, 1996 in the United States. The reviews were mostly positive. The movie earned back almost, but not quite, its budget.

George Gaynes

George Gaynes (born George Jongejans; May 16, 1917 – February 15, 2016) was a Russian-born American actor. He is known for his roles as Commandant Eric Lassard in the "Police Academy movie series" and as Henry Warnimont in "Punky Brewster".

Gaynes was born on May 16, 1917 in Helsinki, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire.His uncle was actor George Gaye. Gaynes married Allyn Ann McLerie in 1953. They have two children.


Irwin Corey

"Professor" Irwin Corey (July 29, 1914 – February 6, 2017) was an American comedian, actor, and activist. His career began in 1938. Corey began his stand-up career in an San Francisco club, the Hungry i.

Corey was born on July 29, 1914 in Brooklyn, New York to an Jewish family. His parents were forced to give him up in an Hebrew Orphan Asylum of New York. He was never adopted, so he spent the rest of his teenage years in the Asylum. Corey studied at the Belmont High School in Los Angeles, California.

Corey was influenced by Charlie Chaplin and by The Marx Brothers. He had influence Lenny Bruce, Mort Sahl, Shelley Berman, Jonathan Winters, Bob Newhart, and Tom Smothers. Lenny Bruce once said that Corey is "one of the most brilliant comedians of all time". 

Corey was married to Fran Corey from 1941 until her death in 2011. They had two children, Margaret Corey (dead) and Richard Corey. He also has a grandson, Amadeo. He lived in his home town of San Francisco, California until moving to Manhattan, New York for his comedic stage career.

Corey died at his Manhattan apartment on February 6, 2017, aged 102.



Warm Bodies (movie)

Warm Bodies is a 2013 American romantic comedy zombie movie. It is based on the novel of the same name. Teresa Palmer, Nicholas Hoult and John Malkovich make up the main cast. The subject is about zombie romance and having supernatural connections. This movie has received positive reviews from critics. Its box office intake has also been very good.

Alternative fuel vehicle

Alternative fuel vehicles are vehicles that use energy that comes from something other than petroleum (oil). (Gasoline and diesel fuel come from petroleum). Most of the alternative energy does not need to be imported from other countries, so money stays in the country. Some (but not all) come from renewable sources. Many produce less pollution than gasoline or diesel. 

Alternative fuel vehicles cover a wide range of engines and motors.

Also, there are bicycles, rickshaws, and two and three-wheeled human powered vehicles.


Angas Downs Indigenous Protected Area

Angas Downs Indigenous Protected Area is a protected area in the south of the Northern Territory, Australia. It consists of a pastoral lease that is owned by the indigenous community Imaṉpa. It is located along the Luritja Highway, about 135 km east from Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park and 100 km south-east of Kings Canyon. It borders the Mount Ebenezer Station to the east and the Curtin Springs Station to the west. The property was made an indigenous protected area on 10 June 2009, and forms part of Australia's National Reserve System.

Angas Downs is part of the homeland of southern Luritja and northern Yankunytjatjara people. Together they are called Matutjara, and speak a dialect that is a mix of the two languages. The people living at Imaṉpa include Luritja, Yankunytjatjara and Pitjantjatjara. The property contains several places (songlines and sacred sites) that are important to native families' "Tjukurpa". Several animals that live in the reserve represent ancestral totems, reminders of people's identity, kinship and descent. Many of the plants and animals have also been important sources of food for the locals for thousands of years.

Previous land management practices and other pressures damaged Angas Downs and many native species disappeared. Game animals and edible plants are less common, and feral animals (camel and horse) and weeds are a major problem. The Central Land Council runs a ranger program in Imanpa.

The area of Angas Downs falls within the traditional homeland of the southern Luritja and northern Yankunytjatjara people. Together they are called Matutjara, and speak a dialect that is a mix of the two languages.

In the early 1920s, a pioneer named William Liddle came to this area looking for land in which he could raise sheep. He arrived at Wollunga, a soakage in the northern end of what is now Angas Downs, and found water there. Further south, he passed through a break in the Wollara Range, visiting another water hole near the site of what would later become the first homestead of Angas Downs. On his way south, Liddle located more water sources at Wilpiya (near the Kernot Range) and at Curtin Springs. In Oodnadatta in 1927, he bought 2000 sheep and drove them northwards along the Finke River and then southwards to the Wollara Range. In 1930, Liddle got a pastoral lease from the government for a block of land around the Wollara Range. He named his property Angas Downs, and settled here with his wife Mary (an Aranda woman) and their children. They built their homestead in the pass of the Wollara Range, which then became known as the Liddle Hills.

In 1945, William sold Angas Downs to two of his sons, Arthur and Milton. They moved the homestead to its present location, where there is a more reliable source of water. They also changed the station's stock from sheep to cattle. In 1947, another of William's sons, Harold Liddle, established a station of his own to the east at Mount Ebenezer. Arthur Liddle took over Milton's half of Angas Downs in 1956.

From July to October 1962, Frederick G. G. Rose stayed at Angas Downs and documented the local Aboriginal people and their way of life. He took a big interest in documenting how aboriginal culture was affected by contact with White civilisation. He also recorded the genealogy of the Liddle family and other Aboriginal families living on Angas Downs.

The Aboriginal community of Imaṉpa was formed near Mount Ebenezer in 1978. At Angas Downs, Arthur Liddle and his family continued to raise cattle during the 1980s and 1990s. As with many pastoral enterprises during this time, Angas Downs struggled with money. The property was eventually bought by the nearby Imaṉpa community, on 2 May 1994. Since then, it has been owned by the Imanpa Development Association, and managed by their company Lisanote Pty. Ltd. Angas Downs was declared an Indigenous Protected Area in 2009. The property still holds 300–400 cattle, which are restricted to a 266 km enclosure in the southeast.

The reserve covers about . The land is mostly flat, but there are two main ranges: the Kernot Range in the southwest and the Wollara Range (or Liddle Hills) in the centre. The old homestead is located in the centre of the property, in a valley of the Wollara Range. The new homestead is further to the south, along the Luritja Highway. This highway runs north–south through the middle of the property. It meets the Lasseter Highway at the southern end of the reserve. Important soakages on the property include Wollunga and Yaua in the north, Wallara in the southeast, and Wilpiya (also spelled Wilpia or Wilbia), located at the southeastern end of the Kernot Range. 

Angas Downs contains many different types of plants and habitats, including woodlands, gypsum depressions, limestone plains, spinifex, sand dunes, woodlands, alluvial floodplains and quartzite hills. Several species of native mammals including echidnas, the Ooldea dunnart, kultarr, red kangaroo, eastern wallaroo, Gould's wattled bat, lesser long-eared bat, spinifex hopping mouse, sandy inland mouse and dingos have been recorded on the Angas Downs. Mala were previously present in the area, but are no longer seen on the property.

More than 90 species of birds have been recorded on the reserve. Emu, bustard (bush turkey), bush stone-curlew appear and mulga parrot, Major Mitchell's cockatoo, Australian ringneck, Bourke's parrot and budgerigar are common.

More than 50 reptile species have been recorded in the protected area since 2009. These include "Simoselaps betholdi" (Jan's banded snake), "Suta punctata" (little spotted snake), "Demansia psammophis" (yellow-faced whipsnake), "Tiliqua multifasciata" (centralian blue tongue), "Ramphotyphlops endoterus" (interior blind snake), "Pygopus nigriceps" (western hooded scaly-foot), "Nephrurus laevissimus", "Nephrurus levis levis", "Morethia ruficauda" and "Egernia inornata" (desert skink) among others.


Fernie, British Columbia

Fernie is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Fernie is in the East Kootenay region of southeastern British Columbia.

The population of Fernie was 6,320 in 2021.The mayor of Fernie is Nic Milligan.

Fernie is the only city-class municipality in Canada that is completely encircled by the Rocky Mountains. The Lizard Range in Fernie has the Fernie Alpine Resort, which is one of the largest ski resorts in Canada, as well as Island Lake Catskiing, which is a resort. The city is known for its mining history. Mount Fernie, Mount Klauer, The Three Sisters and Mount Proctor are on the north of Fernie. The fictional Kodiak Valley ski resort in the 2010 movie "Hot Tub Time Machine" was filmed at the Fernie Alpine Resort in Downtown Fernie.

Fernie has an ice hockey team, the Fernie Ghostriders which play in the Kootenay International Junior Hockey League.

On October 17, 2017, an ammonia leak at the Fernie Memorial Arena killed three workers. The Ghost Riders moved to Sparwood for the 2017–18 KIJHL season. The city removed the ammonia and the Ghostriders returned to the arena for the 2018–19 season.


Creepshow

Creepshow is a 1982 horror movie directed by George A. Romero and written by Stephen King. Some actors in the movie include Hal Holbrook, Adrienne Barbeau, Fritz Weaver, Don Keefer, Tom Atkins, Carrie Nye, Ted Danson, Ed Harris, Leslie Nielsen, Gwen Verdon and E. G. Marshall. Romero also help create the makeup and special effects along with artist Tom Savini. The movie had positive reviews. The movie was released on November 10, 1982. Two more sequels were made. Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 out of 4 stars.

Tokelauan language

Tokelauan is a Polynesian language. It is closely related to Tuvaluan. People who speak Tokelauan and people who speak Tuvaluan can understand each other.

Tokelauan is spoken in Tokelau, American Samoa, and by Tokelauan people in New Zealand.. It is one of the official languages of Tokelau (the other is English).

Tokelauan is written in the Roman alphabet, using 15 letters: a, e, i, o, u, f, g, k, l, m, n, p, h, t, and v.


Division of Flinders

The Division of Flinders is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria. The division was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It once covered country areas south and east of Melbourne which are now outer southern suburbs on the Mornington Peninsula, including Dromana, Hastings and Portsea.

It is named for Matthew Flinders, the first man to sail right around Australia, and the person who gave Australia her name. 

It has usually been a fairly safe seat for the Liberal Party and the earlier conservative parties. It was won by the Australian Labor Party in 1929 when Prime Minister Stanley Bruce was defeated. This was the first time an Australian Prime Minister has lost his own seat at a general election. The only other time this has happened was when Liberal Prime Minister John Howard lost his seat of Bennelong in the 2007 election. 

James Faibairn was Australia's first Minister for Air; he was one of three government ministers killed in the Canberra air disaster in 1940.

Sir Phillip Lynch and Peter Reith were former Deputy Liberal leaders.

Greg Hunt was Minister for the Environment in the Abbott Government.



Sada Thompson

Sada Thompson (September 27, 1927 - May 4, 2011) was an American television, movie and stage actress. She acted in lots of stage plays, television shows and many very notable movies in her career.

Thompson was born in Des Moines, Iowa. She died from lung disease while in Connecticut.

Maggie McNamara

Maggie McNamara (June 18, 1927 - February 18, 1978) was an American actress and model. She acted mostly in movies. She was in the controversial 1953 movie "The Moon is Blue". McNamara acted in theater plays. She was born in New York City. McNamara committed suicide using barbiturates. She died at age 49.

Corrective rape

Corrective rape (sometimes called curative rape) is a hate crime where a person is raped, because of their perceived sexual orientation. People claim to be able to "cure" homosexuals by raping them. Additionally, studies relying on convenience samples can result in higher rates of abuse, which have limited validity describing rates of abuse in the wider population. The people raping say that they can "correct" their orientation, to turn them heterosexual, or to make them "act" more in conformity with gender stereotypes. The term was coined in South Africa after well-known cases of corrective rapes of lesbians like Eudy Simelane and Zoliswa Nkonyana became public. There are many health problems associated with corrective rape, and although some countries have laws protecting LGBT people, corrective rape is often overlooked.


Bou Craa

Bou Craa is a town in Western Sahara, about from El Aaiún. It is a mining town, where phosphate is mined. The world's ongest conveyor belt connects it to the coast neare El Aaiún. Boucraa contains the largest known reserves of phosphate.

Mug Root Beer

Mug Root Beer is a root beer beverage made by PepsiCo. The beverage dates back to the early to mid 1940s in San Francisco, where the beverage was first produced. There are regular and diet versions. There is also Mug Cream Soda.


Fermat's little theorem

Fermat's little theorem is a theorem from number theory. It is named after Pierre de Fermat who found it in the 17th century. It is about the properties of primes. It says that if "a" is a number, and "p" is a prime number, then in the notation of modular Arithmetic, it can be expressed as,
If a is not a multiple of p, then the following is often used:

Macedonians

Macedonians () are a nation and a South Slavic ethnic group native to the region of Macedonia in Southeast Europe. They speak the Macedonian language.

The Slavic languages from which Macedonian developed are thought to have grown in the region during the post-Roman period. Many parts of Macedonian culture developed during the rule of Medieval Byzantine, Bulgarian and Serbian Empires. Each of these empires controlled the region for a time.

Macedonians' genetic background is thought to be the same as Balkan prehistoric and historic demographic processes. This background is also found in other South Slavs, especially Bulgarians, Serbs, Bosnians, Montenegrins, but also in northern Greeks and Romanians.

The appearance of Ril Slavs in Macedonia and the Balkans happened after the end of Roman authority. Migrations into the area happened, but on a smaller scale: 
"It is now generally agreed that the people who lived in the Balkans after the Slavic "invasions" were probably for the most part the same as those who had lived there earlier, although the creation of new political groups and arrival of small immigrants caused people to look at themselves as distinct from their neighbours, including the Byzantines". 
Later, the Sclaveni in Macedonia were added into the Bulgarian Empire.

The history of the Macedonians has been shaped by population shifts and political developments in the region of Macedonia. After the end of the Ottoman Empire in the early 20th century, the Socialist Republic of Macedonia was created after World War II, a state in the framework of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.

A large majority of ethnic Macedonians live along the valley of the river Vardar, the central region of North Macedonia. They form about 64.18% of the population of North Macedonia (1,297,981 people according to the 2002 census ). Smaller numbers live in eastern Albania, northern Greece, and southern Serbia, mostly near the border areas of North Macedonia, small part of southern Kosovo and in the west-south region in Bulgaria. A large number of Macedonians have immigrated overseas to Australia, United States, Canada and in many European countries: Germany, the United Kingdom, Italy, and Austria, among others.

In the past, the Macedonian population was mostly involved with agriculture. The beginning of the People's Republic of Macedonia started a social change. The change was based on Socialist principles, a middle and heavy industry were started.

The Macedonian language () is a member of the Eastern group of South Slavic languages. Standard Macedonian was started as the official language of the Socialist Republic of Macedonia. After being codified in the 1940s, a strong literary tradition has developed.

The closest relative of Macedonian is Serbo-Croat along with some Bulgarian dialects. All the South Slavic languages, including Macedonian, form a dialect continuum, in which Macedonian is between Bulgarian and Serbian. The Torlakian dialect group is intermediate between Bulgarian, Macedonian and Serbian.

The orthography of Macedonian includes an alphabet, which is an adaptation of the Cyrillic script. There are also language-specific ways of spelling and punctuation.





Gender role

Gender role is the idea that people should behave in certain ways because of their gender. As an example, in a hunter-gatherer economy, men usually do more hunting and women do more gathering. In a money economy, it was traditionally the role of the man to earn money, and the role of the woman to educate the children. Such behavior may be a result of social and cultural factors. In the case it is the result of socialization. There is still a discussion to what extent the observed behaviour is a function of the personality, and to what extent social factors play a role in the determination of gender-specific differences in behaviour.

Gender roles are dependent on the culture and history of the society that they are part of. While most cultures express two genders, some express more. Androgyny, for example, has been proposed as a third gender. Other societies have been claimed to have more than five genders, and some non-Western ones have three genders – man, woman and third gender. Gender expression refers to the external manifestation of one's gender identity, through "masculine," "feminine," or gender-variant or gender neutral behavior, clothing, hairstyles, or body characteristics.

The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women says that stereotyped gender role should be abolished.


Dryadoideae

The Dryadoideae subfamily of the Rosaceae consists of four genera. These genera are unusual in the family Rosaceae because they all have the nitrogen-fixing bacteria called "Frankia" in their roots. Dryadoideae plants are subshrubs, shrubs, or small trees. Their fruits are either an achene or an aggregate of achenes.

Mont-Saint-Hilaire, Quebec

Mont-St-Hilaire is a small town in the province of Quebec. This small city is along the Richelieu River on the south shore of Montreal city. In 2011, Mont-St-Hilaire had a population of 18 000 citizens. There are many new neighborhoods on the mountain side.

The first Lord of Mont-St-Hilaire was Jean-Baptiste Hertel de Rouville in 1694. Mr. Hertel bought the mountain before anyone was living there. In 1745, the first village was built. In 1768, the first road "Chemin de La Montagne" was built to give access to the first citizens.

In 1837, the Mont St-Hilaire’s church was built. In 1898, a famous painter named Ozias Leduc painted the church. The sculptor Jodi Bonnet and the painters Ozias Leduc and Paul-Émile Borduas lived in the town. 

Many activities are available in this small city. You could hiking in the mountain, picking apple, or to get one the bicycle on the cycle track

The Weeknd

Abel Makkonen Tesfaye (born February 16, 1990), known by the stage name The Weeknd, is a Canadian singer-songwriter and record producer. The Weeknd was born in the , Ontario. He is a Canadian citizen of Ethiopian descent. He performs a mixture of R&B, rock and hip hop. On March 6, 2011, the rapper Drake spoke about The Weeknd as a new artist on Twitter, He did this to increase the curiosity of the public.

Abel Makkonen Tesfaye was born on February 16, 1990, in Scarborough, Ontario, Canada, to parents Samra and Makkonen. His father left when Abel was young. His mother worked several jobs and, as a result, was taken care of by his grandmother. She took Abel to their Ethiopian Orthodox church services.

At age 11, Abel tried marijuana for the first time and moved onto harder drugs. He got these drugs from Ohio, US.

On March 21, 2011, Tesfaye released his first album, "House of Balloons", to public and critical approval. This record contains several successful songs, including "Wicked Games" and "High for This". Also the title track is based on the hit "Happy House" by Siouxsie and the Banshees. The latter has been recognized by the music magazine Pitchfork. The eclectic music of Tesfaye combines samples of other artists like Beach House and Aaliyah. He also released two other albums the same year with singles named "Thursday" and "Echoes of Silence". With Drake’s help, he performed the popular song "The Zone".

In addition, Tesfaye gave his first performance in London in June 2012, and was surprised that among the spectators were famous singers like Katy Perry and Florence Welch. At this first show, he sang a unique interpretation, the reprise of "Dirty Diana" by Michael Jackson. In November 2012, at the age of 22, The Weeknd released "Trilogy", comprising the last three albums remixed with Universal Music Group. The Recording Industry Association of America certified "Trilogy" gold in the U.S. shortly after its release. In 2013, he gave a concert in the Trianon Room in Paris. The audience during the presentation consisted mainly of young adults aged between the ages of 17 and 30.

The Weeknd's songs are known for being rhythmic and sensual. In addition, he had the opportunity to start his career singing alongside rapper Wiz Khalifa with the hit "Remember Me". He has also worked with the artists Kendrick Lamar, J. Cole and Frank Ocean.

The Weeknd's fourth album, "Beauty Behind the Madness" (2015), spawned the number-one hit singles "Can't Feel My Face" and "The Hills", along with the top-three song "Earned It", which was used in the soundtrack for the film adaptation of "Fifty Shades of Grey". On September 22, 2016, The Weeknd released a single, "Starboy", which features French electronic duo Daft Punk. They helped produce the song, and it has topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 and Canadian Hot 100 charts. The followup singles, "I Feel It Coming" (also featuring Daft Punk) and "Party Monster", were released on November 18. The Weeknd's fifth studio album, also called "Starboy", was released on November 25, 2016. The album entered the US "Billboard" 200 chart at number one, and all 18 songs entered the "Billboard" Hot 100. Only Drake has more entries from one album, with the 20 songs from his album "Views" entering the chart.

On March 30, 2018, he released the EP, "My Dear Melancholy," which contains six songs. The first track and first single, "Call Out My Name", entered the US "Billboard" Hot 100 at number four, with the EP entering at the top of the "Billboard" 200 album chart with 169,000 copies sold and streamed in its first week.


Tesfaye has won three Grammy Awards from eight nominations.
The Weeknd dated American model Bella Hadid from September 2015 until November 2016.

In late 2016, he began dating American singer-actress Selena Gomez. They broke up in late 2017.

Horse harness

A horse harness is a piece of equipment that allows a horse to pull a vehicle such as a carriage, wagon or sleigh. Harnesses may also be used to hitch animals to other loads such as a plough. Harnesses can be in leather or in biothane with stainless or chrome. Draft horses can be hitched on a cart: two-wheel buggies, or wagons. Light horses can be hitched on sulky, four-wheel buggies or antic wagons.

Kale

Kale is a vegetable with green or purple leaves. It is also called borecole. It is in the group of vegetables called "Brassica oleracea" or wild cabbage. It is cruciferous because of the shape of its flowers.

A plant that would have been first cultivated in the Mediterranean area, it was called in these times cabbage well before the well rounded variety existed. Kale was a significant crop in Roman times; it became a basic staple for peasants in the Middle Ages and it was brought in the United States by the English in the XVII century.

Kale is one of the most resistant from the cabbage family; it can support temperatures as low as -­15 °C but it doesn’t sustain high temperatures. Since it resists to cold temperatures and grows easily, kale was for a long time a very appreciated winter vegetable especially in Scotland, Germany, Holland and Scandinavia. Today, it is eaten the world over.

Kale has large stringy leaves, very curly, with a well-marked flavor. Their color varies from pale green to dark green, sometimes to blue-tinted green. Those leaves are not well rounded, a characteristic expressed by the Latin word which describes this variety of cabbage « acephala » and which means « without head ». Those leaves surmount a fine whitish and very fibrous stem, it can measure from 30 to 40 cm. Kale is so decorative that ornamental varieties were developed.

Kale is an excellent source of vitamin K, C, A and manganese; it is a very good source of fiber, copper, tryptophan, calcium, vitamin B6 and potassium. Kale is a good source of iron, magnesium, vitamin E, omega 3 fats, vitamin B2, protein, vitamin B1, folate, phosphorus and vitamin B3.

Kale is rarely eaten raw. We can add it sparingly to salads. It transmits its well-marked taste to soups and stews. You can blanch it to attenuate its flavour. Kale is delicious coated with sauce, sprinkled with cheese or in purée (alone or with mashed potatoes).

Choose kale with firm leaves, well colored and relatively small, without stain or mold. One cup cooked makes 130 grams. Cut the leaves around the stem, cut the core, separate each leaf. Wash well with running water or with vinegary water to remove dirt and bugs that could remain. We cook kale in water or we steam it from 20 to 30 min, braised in a slow cooker, stuffed or sautéed in a wok.

Put the kale leaves very tight rather than loose in refrigerator without washing it, inside a perforated plastic bag. It can be kept in this way from five to ten days, but it is more flavorful and less bitter when it is eaten rapidly. Kale can be frozen after having been blanched two to three minutes, until the leaves soften a bit.

Dakhla, Western Sahara

Dakhla (Berber: ⴷⴰⵅⵍⴰ) is a city in the south of Morocco. It lies about south of El Aaiún. When South Morocco was under Spanish rule the name of the city was Villa Cisneros. The city was founded in the 16th century. Today, its main economic activities are fishing and tourism. In 2004, 55,618 people lived there. The city is built on a narrow peninsula of the Atlantic Coast.

There is a paved road that runs through the desert for about to the estuary of Wadi Draa. There are almost no settlements south of Dakla, to the border with Mauritania. Nouadhibou, in Mauritania is about to the south.

There are daily bus connections form Dakhla to the north. There are no public transport connections to Mauritania to the south.

Belsize Park

Belsize Park is an area in the London Borough of Camden in northwest London.

Boeing 377

The Boeing 377, sometimes called the Stratocruiser, was an airliner made by Boeing after World War II. It was made from the C-97 Stratofreighter, which was a type of Boeing B-29 Superfortress used to move troops around. The Stratocruiser first took off on July 8, 1947.

The Stratocruiser had four piston engines. It had a pressurized cabin and two decks. Airlines could fly for much longer with the Stratocruiser, to places like Hawaii.

However, the Stratocruiser was a lot more expensive than the Douglas DC-6 and Lockheed Constellation. Only 55 Stratocruisers were made for airlines.

The Boeing 377 used the bottom and the wings of the B-50 Superfortress. The 377 was bigger than the Lockheed Constellation and Douglas DC-6 and it could fly for longer. Boeing stopped making the 377 in 1950.

Pressurization (first used on the Boeing 307) meant that if the plane was flying at , to the passengers it would be like they were on the ground.

56 Stratocruisers were made. 55 of these were made for airlines.

The Stratocruiser flew to Hawaii as well as many other places. It was one of the only planes with two decks (another one was the Breguet Deux-Ponts) until the Boeing 747 was made.

In the early 1960s the Stratocruiser was overtaken by jet planes like the de Havilland Comet, Boeing 707 and Douglas DC-8.


Many other types were made, but most of them only had changes made to the shape of the windows.

A company called Aero Spacelines started changing 377s to planes called Guppies in 1960s. There were three types: the Pregnant Guppy, Super Guppy, and Mini Guppy.

The first of them was the Pregnant Guppy. After this they made the Super Guppy and then the Mini Guppy. The Super Guppy and the Mini Guppy had turboprop engines.


The Stratocruiser had 13 hull-loss accidents between 1951 and 1970. A hull-loss accident is when a plane is damaged so badly it cannot be fixed. 140 people died in these. The worst accident happened on April 29, 1952.



Trading Places

Trading Places is a 1983 American comedy movie. It is a satire directed by John Landis. It is set in Philadelphia and New York City. It stars Dan Aykroyd, Eddie Murphy, Ralph Bellamy, Don Ameche, Denholm Elliott and Jamie Lee Curtis.

Kabbalah

Kabbalah (also Cabala or Qabbālâ) is a Jewish mysticism of the Torah. The kabbalah started in the 1st-century by Rabbi Simeon bar Yochai. It continued in the 13th century in Spain by Rabbi Moses de León. It tries to explain how something beyond thought and imagining can still be seen and felt. The kabbalah has a great influence on the Jewish spiritual life. It is based on the various spiritual movements.

The kabbalah is based on the tree of the 10 Sephirot called the "Tree of Life". In the tree are presented the 10 powers that affect each domain in the world.


Bronchoscopy

Bronchoscopy is a medical procedure which is used to look at the inside of a person's airway's. It can be used to see the inside of the trachea, and the bronchi and bronchioles within the lungs. There are three types of bronchoscopy: rigid, flexible fiberoptic bronchoscopy and CT virtual bronchoscopy (CTVB).

Rigid bronchoscopy is a straight rigid tube used to see into the trachea and proximal bronchi. It is usually done in an operating room under general anesthesia. It is usually used when there is a blockage in either the trachea or the primary bronchi. The diameter of the tube is large enough to insert instruments to remove obstructions.

During the procedure, a thin, flexible fiberoptic tube called a bronchoscope. is passed through the nose or mouth nose into the airways. The bronchoscope has a light and a camera which lets the doctor see into the airway. 

This technique uses data from multiple CT scans to create a three dimensional (3D) image. This allows doctors to see what is going on without having to operate.

Hibiscus trionum

Hibiscus trionum is an annual plant that is native to the east of the Mediterranean in the Levant. 

It has spread both because people grow it as a garden plant, and because it can grow as a weed. The plant grows to a height of 20-50 cm, sometimes as much as 80 cm, and has white or yellow flowers with a purple centre. Common names for the same plant include bladder hibiscus, bladder ketmia, bladder weed, flower-of-an-hour, flower-of-the-hour, modesty, puarangi, shoofly, and venice mallow.



Golders Green

Golders Green is a suburban area in the London Borough of Barnet in northwest London. Many Jews live in Golders Green.

Neil Clark Warren

Dr. Neil Clark Warren (born September 18, 1934) is an American Christian theologian, inspirational speaker, chairman and co-founder of the online dating services eHarmony and Compatible Partners.

Warren was born on September 18, 1934 in Urbandale, Iowa. He was raised in both Des Moines, Iowa and in Chicago, Illinois. Warren studied at Pepperdine University, at the Princeton Theological Seminary, and at the University of Chicago. He now lives in Kennebunkport, Maine.


Peter Yarrow

Peter Yarrow (born May 31, 1938) is an American singer. He is known for his songs such as "Puff, the Magic Dragon", "Lemon Tree", and "I'm In Love with a Big Blue Frog". He is also a political activist and supported veterans' rights.

Yarrow was born on May 31, 1938 in New York City, New York to a Ukrainian-Jewish family. He studied at High School of Music and Art and at Cornell University. Yarrow is married to Mary Beth McCarthy (niece of Eugene McCarthy). They have two children.


Simon of Cyrene

Simon of Cyrene was the man who was forced by the Romans to carry the cross of Jesus. He is found in the Gospel of Luke, the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Mark.

James T. Kirk

James Tiberius Kirk is a fictional character in the television and movie franchise "Star Trek". He the captain of the Starship "Enterprise". He served on not only The Original Series but after that they began to record movies and in the first movie, we see the Enterprise refit with rectangular nacelles. James T. Kirk died in the deflector room of the USS Enterprise NCC-1701-B but later dying on the planet in Star Trek: Generations. This is the last movie with the character Captain James Kirk until the 2009 movie when Chris Pine plays him. He is played by Chris Pine twice more in the next two movies. Kirk is played by actor William Shatner and by Chris Pine.

Long Thanh International Airport

Long Thanh International Airport () is a planned international airport (under contruction) in Long Thanh, Dong Nai Province, in southern Vietnam. The airport is planned to be open in 2025.


A Room with a View (movie)

A Room with a View is a 1985 British romantic drama movie. It is based on the novel of the same name by E.M. Forster. It was directed by James Ivory and produced by Ismail Merchant. It is set in Florence, Italy and in Surrey, England during the 1900s. It stars Helena Bonham Carter, Maggie Smith, Julian Sands, Denholm Elliott, Daniel Day-Lewis, Judi Dench and Simon Callow.

Public broadcasting

Public broadcasting is television or radio broadcasting which is not run for profit. In some cases, it is state-owned. Examples include PBS in the United States, BBC in the UK, CBC in Canada, ABC in Australia and NHK in Japan.

Brookline, Massachusetts

Brookline is a city in Massachusetts. It is west of Boston, Massachusetts. The 2020 United States Census reported that Brookline's population is 63,191. The city was settled in 1638. Brookline was incorporated in 1705.


Richard Scarry

Richard McClure Scarry (June 5, 1919 – April 30, 1994) was an American author and illustrator. He published over 300 books with over 100 million sales worldwide. His work became popular in the 1960s, and led to a cartoon show on Showtime (TV channel) and Nickelodeon.


Children's literature

Children's literature refers to books written for children and young people. Many famous authors wrote for children including Hans Christian Andersen, Beatrix Potter, Dr. Seuss, A.A. Milne, J. M. Barrie, Edith Nesbit, Enid Blyton, Lewis Carroll, Astrid Lindgren, JRR Tolkien and C. S. Lewis. The Newbery Medal is an award given to writers for children.

Children's literature can be divided into several categories, but it is most easily categorised by genre or the intended age of the reader. An example of a classification based on age is young-adult fiction, which is written for children between the ages of 12 and 18.

A literary genre is the style of the book. It also refers to the technique, tone, content, or length.

Many children's books are meant to teach children the consequences of engaging in "bad" behaviour, such as running away, stealing and lying. "Tom Sawyer" and "Toby Tyler" are two notable examples of the genre.

Britsh Awards

There are a few children's literature awards in Britain. These include, Waterstones Award and the Caldecott Award.

Deborah Jeane Palfrey

Deborah Jeane Palfrey (March 18, 1956 – May 1, 2008) was an American businesswoman and criminal. She was best known by the name she was given by the media, the D.C. Madam. Palfrey operated an escort agency, Pamela Martin and Associates, in Washington D.C.. She was convicted on April 15, 2008 of racketeering, using the mail for illegal purposes, and money laundering. Two weeks later, at age 52, she was found hanged in a garage. Autopsy results and the police said her death was a suicide.
Palfrey was born in the Pittsburgh suburb of Charleroi, Pennsylvania. She grew up in Orlando, Florida.

Fumihiko Maki

In 1993, he won the Pritzker Architecture Prize.



Division of Yarra

The Division of Yarra was an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It was located in inner eastern suburban Melbourne, and was named after the Yarra River. It originally covered the suburbs of Abbotsford, Collingwood, Richmond and part of Fitzroy. By 1969, it no longer covered Abbotsford or Fitzroy, but included Burnley and Hawthorn. Yarra was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first Federal election in 1901. It was abolished in 1969.

It was a very safe Labor seat. It was held by only four people--Frank Tudor, a leader of the Australian Labor Party; James Scullin, the 13th Prime Minister of Australia; Stan Keon, an important figure in the ALP-DLP Split; and Jim Cairns, who later became Deputy Prime Minister of Australia.

Betty Mars

Betty Mars (30 July 1944-20 February 1989) was a French actress. She acted mostly in foreign movies. Mars was also a singer. She jumped out an apartment window and died three weeks later. Her death was declared a suicide.

Daequan Cook

Daequan Cook (born April 28, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Chicago Bulls of the NBA since 2013. He played for the Oklahoma City Thunder from 2010 through 2012. Then he played for the Houston Rockets from 2012 through 2013.

Cook was born on April 28, 1987 in Dayton, Ohio. He studied at Paul Laurence Dunbar High School.


Jimmy Butler

Jimmy Butler III (born September 14, 1989) is an American professional basketball player who got drafted 30th overall in 2011 to the Chicago Bulls. Butler played for the Bulls from 2011–2017. He later played for the Minnesota Timberwolves and Philadelphia 76ers. He is currently playing for the Miami Heat of the NBA.

Butler was born on September 14, 1989 in Houston, Texas. He studied at Tomball High School. Then went to Tyler Junior College from 2007–2008. After that, he went to Marquette University from 2008–2011. Butler is among few NBA players of his era to play four years in college.


Alan Kalter

Alan Robert Kalter (March 21, 1943 – October 4, 2021) was an American television announcer. He was best known as the announcer for the "Late Show with David Letterman", starting in 1995 until his retirement in 2015.

Kalter was born on March 21, 1943 in New York City, New York. He was raised in Brooklyn, New York. Kalter studied at Hobart College. He was married to Carol Cepler until they divorced. He married Peggy Masterson in 2003. 

Kalter died at a hospital in Stamford, Connecticut on October 4, 2021, at age 78.

Andrea Feldman

Andrea Feldman (April 1, 1948 - August 8, 1972) was an American actress. She acted in several notable movies. She was born in New York City. She committed suicide by jumping from a fourteen floor building.

Bill Wendell

Bill Wendell (William Joseph Wenzel, Jr.; March 22, 1924 – April 14, 1999) was an American NBC television announcer. He was the announcer for the "Late Show with David Letterman" from 1993 until he retired in 1995.

Wendell was born on March 22, 1924 in New York City, New York. He studied at Fordham University. Wendell died on April 14, 1999 in Boca Raton, Florida from cancer, aged 75.


Roland Burris

Roland Wallace Burris (born August 3, 1937) is an American politician. He was a United States Senator from the state of Illinois. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

In 1978, Burris was the first African-American elected to statewide office in Illinois, when he was elected Illinois Comptroller. He was in that office until his election as Illinois Attorney General in 1990. Since then, he has unsuccessfully run for office four more times.

Burris was born on August 3, 1937 in Centralia, Illinois. He studied at Centralia High School, Southern Illinois University Carbondale, at the University of Hamburg in Germany, and at Howard University School of Law.

Burris is married to Berlean Miller. They have two children. He has lived in Chatham, Chicago, Illinois since the 1980s. He built his own tomb at the Oak Woods Cemetery in Chicago.


Libby Holman

Elizabeth Lloyd "Libby" Holman (née Holzman; May 23, 1904 – June 18, 1971) was an American stage actress and singer. She also acted in a few movies. She was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. On June 18, 1971 near Stamford, Connecticut, Holman committed suicide using carbon monoxide. Holman was 67 when she died.

Natural killer T cell

Natural killer T cells (NKT) are cells formed from small lymphocytes. They are a type of T cell, and are different from natural killer cells (NK). NKT cells are important, but make up only 0.1% of all peripheral blood T cells.

NKT cells are a subset of T cells which also have molecular markers normally associated with NK cells. They are important in recognizing glycolipids from organisms such as mycobacterium, which cause tuberculosis.

NKT cells seem to be essential for several aspects of immunity because their dysfunction or deficiency leads to the development of autoimmune diseases (such as diabetes and atherosclerosis) and cancer. NKT cells have recently been implicated in the disease progression of human asthma.

The clinical potential of NKT cells lies in the rapid release of cytokines that promote or suppress different immune responses.

Tell Me Something I Don't Know

"Tell Me Something I Don't Know" is a song by Selena Gomez. It was released as a single on August 5, 2008 on iTunes. A Radio Disney version (which removes the Hurricane Katrina reference) was released on September 9, 2008, on iTunes. The song is on the Kidz Bop 15 CD. A new version of the song is on Selena Gomez & the Scene's debut album, "Kiss & Tell".

The song peaked at number 58 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at 13 on the Australian Hitseekers Singles chart and at 1 on the Malaysia Muzik Singles & Urban Chart.

The music video starts with scenes reminiscent of (but not from) the film; Gomez cleaning a house and the maid yelling at her. Gomez then leaves the house and does a dance routine with her backup dancers, while the maid watches from the house window. The video also features Gomez in front of a black background with lyrics from the song (such as "I'm ready for it" and "One in a million") flying around her.

Melody Anderson

Melody Anderson (born December 3, 1955) is an Canadian singer, actress and public speaker. Her roles in movies happened mostly in the 1960s and 1970s, though she continued acting until around the mid 1990s. Anderson was born in Edmonton, Alberta.

Atherosclerosis

Atherosclerosis is a type of arteriosclerosis in which the wall of the artery has lesions. These lesions may lead to narrowing due to the buildup of atheromatous plaque. There are usually no symptoms. 

When severe, it can cause coronary artery disease, stroke, peripheral artery disease, or kidney failure.

June Allyson

June Allyson (October 7, 1917 – July 8, 2006) was an American movie, television, and stage actress. She was born in the Bronx, New York City. She died from bronchitis and respiratory failure.


Interferon

Interferons (IFNs) are proteins released by body cells in response to pathogens such as viruses, bacteria, parasites or to tumor cells. They allow cells to trigger the defenses of the immune system.

IFNs belong to the large class of glycoproteins known as cytokines. Interferons are named after their ability to "interfere" with virus replication inside host cells. 

IFNs also have other functions: 

About ten distinct IFNs have been identified in mammals; seven of these have been described for humans. All IFNs are very important for fighting viral infections.

Meta Platforms

Meta Platforms, Inc., known before 2021 as Facebook, Inc., is an American multinational Internet corporation which owns Facebook. It was owned by Mark Zuckerberg, other founders and the shared ownership given to its employees but it went public on February 1, 2012, and was headquartered in Menlo Park, California. Meta, Inc. started to be publicly negotiated on May 18, 2012.

It owns several social media platforms, including Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Threads. It owns Reality Labs, a virtual reality company.

Replication

Replication may refer to:

In science:

In computing:

Angela Bettis

Angela Bettis (born January 9, 1973) is an American movie, television, and stage actress. She was born in Austin, Texas. In the 2002 telefilm Carrie, Angela, Jodelle Ferland and the baby replaced Sissy Spacek for being Carrie.

Culver's

Culver's is an American fast food franchise. The company was founded in 1984. It operates primarily in the Midwest, though the company has plans to expand beyond there. Culver's sells frozen custard, burgers, fried chicken and salad.

M.U.G.E.N.

M.U.G.E.N. (or simply known as MUGEN) is a modifiable 2D fighting game engine that was created by Elecbyte and initially released in 1999. It was programmed in C, which was originally used in Allegro library, and it compared to 5 versions: DOS MUGEN, Winmugen, Linux Mugen, Mugen 1.0 and Mugen 1.1 as the latest release.

The Japanese term "mugen" means dream, fantasy or infinite.

In 1999, Elecbyte had a plan to create a customizable original fighting game engine, DOS-MUGEN. Then later, they created the first original MUGEN character called Kung Fu Man, among with 2 non-playable characters according to the intro and ending storyboards. Aside from it, the engine was released on July 17, 2001. It works platforms such as DOS Mugen, Winmugen and Linux Mugen which is allowed the users to customize before they distribute their website. DOS Mugen was ceased when Elecbyte switched into Linux platform in November 2001. Elecbyte had a request for donations in their site to legally obtain a Windows compiler to create a Windows version of M.U.G.E.N. However, the developers discontinued the project in 2003 and their website was shut off afterwards. Later, they speculated leaks to make public of a private Windows-based beta that was provided to donators. The public beta of Winmugen was released with "no limit" hack after their development.

In January 2011, they decided to create the latest release of previous versions, Mugen 1.0. It has more game features like victory screen to show the win quote of a character.

It is a 7-button (A,B, C, X, Y, Z and Start) game which includes Joystick, arrow keys, letters, number keys, number lock keys and function keys (for debugging). The main mode in menu screen is Arcade Mode, where you can choose only 1 character if you want to play it and fight random characters like other fighting games, especially Team Arcade and Team Co-op modes. VS mode is a 2-player challenge where you can play against your friend. In Team Arcade and Team VS modes, you can play with 1 non-playable character to beat opponents, excluding Team Co-op and Survival Co-op modes. In Survival mode, it is the endless stream of opponents where you can fight them. In Watch mode, you can see the characters with AI during the fight but you can't play as the character unless you press function that turn into playable character if the option of debugging keys is on.


The Shirelles

The Shirelles were a popular American girl group. They were very active from 1957 to 1982. Some of their songs were "I Met Him on a Sunday" and "Tonight's the Night". This group had four African American female singers. They had many hit records. The group broke apart in the very early 1980s.

The group was formed by Shirley Owens (later Shirley Alston Reeves) who was the lead singer. At one time they had six songs in the Top Ten. 

Two of their songs, "Will You Love Me Tomorrow" (written by Carole King) and "Tonight's the Night", were selected by Rolling Stone on its list of the greatest songs of all time. Their song "soldier Boy" sold over five million copies.

The Blossoms

The Blossoms were a popular girl group from California. It rose to fame during the 1960s. They sang R&B, pop and rock. The group had many hit songs and records. Darlene Love often sang with them. The prominent members of the group were Fanita James, Gloria Jones, Darlene Love, Jean King and Annette Williams.

The Blossoms broke up in 1990.

Dulwich

Dulwich ( ) is a wealthy area in the London Borough of Southwark in south London.



Barnes, London

Barnes is an area in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames in southwest London.

Justin Martyr

Justin Martyr ( AD 100 AD 165), also known as Saint Justin, was an early Christian from Nablus on the West Bank, who was martyred in Rome. He is known for his writings defending Christianity.

Streatham

Streatham is a very green area, with a large common. There are formal Victorian Gardens hidden at the top of Streatham Common called The Rookery. There is also a free children's paddling pool which is filled only in the summer months. It is in the London Borough of Lambeth in South London.

Streatham has the longest high street in Europe with many great shops and restaurants along it as well as streatham odeon, streatham leisure centre, and trio pizzeria.

Field Museum of Natural History

The Field Museum of Natural History (or Field Museum) is in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.. It is on Lake Shore Drive next to Lake Michigan. The museum has more than 21 million exhibits.

The museum was founded in 1893 and had used old exhibitions that were shown from the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893, including exhibits about trains.

The Field Museum has a large collection of dinosaur skeletons in the Evolving Planet exhibit. The human cultural anthropology exhibits have things from ancient Egypt, the Pacific Northwest, the Pacific Islands, and Tibet. The taxidermy collection has many large animals, including two African elephants and the Lions of Tsavo featured in the 1996 movie "The Ghost and the Darkness". 

The Ancient Americas exhibit has Native American artifacts. The museum also has Sue, the largest and most complete Tyrannosaurus skeleton in the world.


List of colleges and universities in Vermont

In the state of Vermont, United States, there are 23 colleges and universities. This includes one research university, six master's universities, an art school, a culinary school, a law school. 

The state's largest school is its public university, the University of Vermont. 




Museum of Science and Industry (Chicago)

The Museum of Science and Industry (or MSI) is in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.. It is in Jackson Park, in the Hyde Park neighborhood between Lake Michigan and The University of Chicago. The museum was sponsored by Julius Rosenwald, the Sears, Roebuck and Company president and philanthropist. It was supported by the Commercial Club of Chicago. It opened in 1933 during the Century of Progress Exposition.

MSI is the largest science museum in the Western Hemisphere. It has a full-size replica coal mine, a German submarine (U-505) captured during World War II, a 3,500-square-foot (330 m2) model railroad, the first diesel-powered streamlined stainless-steel passenger train (Pioneer Zephyr), and the Apollo 8 spacecraft that carried the first humans to the Moon.


Shedd Aquarium

Shedd Aquarium (formally the John G. Shedd Aquarium) is an indoor public aquarium in Chicago, Illinois in the U.S.. It opened on May 30, 1930. The aquarium has more than 25,000 fish. It was the largest indoor aquarium in the world until the Georgia Aquarium opened in 2005. The aquarium holds 5,000,000 US gallons (19,000,000 l; 4,200,000 imp gal) of water. The Shedd Aquarium was the first inland aquarium with a permanent saltwater fish collection. It is surrounded by Museum Campus Chicago, which includes the Adler Planetarium and the Field Museum of Natural History. It is named after businessman John G. Shedd. 

The aquarium has 2 million annual visitors. It was the most visited aquarium in the U.S. in 2005. In 2007, it was the most popular cultural attraction in Chicago. It contains 1,500 species including fish, marine mammals, birds, snakes, amphibians, and insects. The aquarium received awards for best exhibit from the Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA) for Seahorse Symphony in 1999, Amazon Rising in 2001, and Wild Reef in 2004.


Adler Planetarium &amp; Astronomy Museum

The Adler Planetarium & Astronomy Museum is a planetarium in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.. It was the first planetarium built in the Western Hemisphere and is the oldest in existence. The planetarium was founded and built in 1930 by the philanthropist Max Adler, with the assistance of the first director of the planetarium, Philip Fox. The Adler Planetarium opened to the public on May 12, 1930.

The planetarium is on Northerly Island. It is part of Chicago's Museum Campus, along with the John G. Shedd Aquarium and the Field Museum of Natural History. For its design, architect Ernest A. Grunsfeld, Jr. was awarded the gold medal of the Chicago chapter of the American Institute of Architects in 1931. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987.


Central Bank of Russia

The Central Bank of Russia () is the central bank of Russia in Moscow. The bank began in 1860. It was closed in the Soviet period. It opened again in 1990 after the USSR fell apart.


Malakunanja II

Malakunanja II or Madjedbebe is a rock shelter in Arnhem Land, in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is about 50 kilometres from the coast. Madjedbebe was first occupied by humans around 65 thousand (at least 59.3 thousand) years ago. This is the oldest site showing the presence of humans in Australia. More than 1500 items have been found in the shelter, including stone tools and grinding stones, ochre, and charcoal. Some of these were buried more than 2.5 metres below the surface. The shelter also includes faded paintings on the walls. The paintings are drawn with ochre.

Harrowing of Hell

The Harrowing of Hell, in Christianity, is when Christ went down to Hell after his death on Good Friday, and helped many souls escape. It is mentioned in 1 Peter 3:18-22. It was a story used in the first of the English religious dramas written during the Middle Ages. The Bible does not say for sure if Christ really went to Hell or not. People understand this differently.

Mary Jane Girls

The Mary Jane Girls were an American R&B, disco and funk music group. They were popular in the 1980s. Their hit songs included "All Night Long" and "In My House". The group were associated with Rick James. They disbanded in 1987.

Manuel García Ferré

Manuel García Ferré (October 8, 1929 – March 28, 2013) was a Spanish-Argentine animation director and cartoonist. He was known for his animated series "Hijitus".

Ferré was born on October 8, 1929 in Almería, Spain. He was raised in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Ferré became an official Buenos Aires citizen in 2009. He was never married. Ferré died on March 28, 2013 in Buenos Aires after going through heart surgery, aged 83.


Hjalmar Andersen

Hjalmar Johan "Hjallis" Andersen (March 12, 1923 – March 27, 2013) was a Norwegian speed skater. He won three gold medals at the 1952 Winter Olympic Games in Oslo, Norway. He was the only triple gold medalist at the 1952 Winter Olympics, the most successful athlete there.

Andersen was born on March 12, 1923 in Rødøy, Norway. He was married to Gerd Andersen until her death in 2003. They had three children. Andersen fell in his home on March 25, 2013. He was unconscious until he died two days later on March 27, 2013, aged 90. 


Clara Blandick

Clara Blandick (June 4, 1876 - April 15, 2009) was an American actress. She acted in stage plays and movies. She played Auntie Em in the movie "The Wizard of Oz". She also did many other movies. She was raised in Boston. She moved to New York City for her acting career. Blandick committed suicide at age 133 using sleeping pills.

Mario Party 4

Mario Party 4 is a party board video game for the Nintendo GameCube. It is the fourth game in the "Mario Party" series. It is the first "Mario Party" game for the Nintendo GameCube. It was developed by Hudson Soft and published by Nintendo. It was released on October 21, 2002 in North America, on November 8, 2002 in Japan, and on November 29, 2002 in Europe.

"Mario Party 4" plays the same as the first three "Mario Party" games. Players go around on boards collecting coins and stars. Along the way, they may use items to help them. Items can be bought in an item shop. After all four players go, they play a mini-game. Whoever wins the mini-game wins coins. The player who has the most stars at the end of the game wins. One new feature in this game is the Warp Space. If a player lands on this space, they must switch spaces with another player. Who the player has to switch spaces with is chosen by a wheel.

Six boards are available to play on. One of the boards must be unlocked in Story Mode. Eight characters are playable, including Mario, Luigi, and Princess Peach.

Hey You, Pikachu!

Hey You, Pikachu! is a life simulation video game for the Nintendo 64 game console. It is a spin-off game in the "Pokémon" series. It was released on December 12, 1998 in Japan and November 6, 2000 in North America.

The game involves talking to Pikachu, the game's main character, with the Nintendo 64's "Voice Recognition Unit". The "Voice Recognition Unit" is an add-on microphone for the Nintendo 64 controller. It allows the Nintendo 64 to recognize and understand the human voice. The player talks to Pikachu in order to complete tasks given by the game. The player can also pick up and use items.

The player's goal is to befriend a wild Pikachu using a device made by Professor Oak to befriend wild Pokémon. Through earning the Pikachu's trust, the Pikachu will eventually live in the player's house. There are three different activity days, each with a different goal. The player keeps the Pikachu for 365 days. If the player reaches the 365th day, the Pikachu is released back into the wild.

Ramón José Velásquez

Ramón José Velásquez Mujica (28 November 1916 – 24 June 2014) was an Venezuelan politician. He served as Acting president of Venezuela between 1993 and 1994. He was known as a historian, journalist, lawyer, politician and entertainer of companies for his knowledge of the "national life".

In 1993, when president Carlos Andrés Pérez was impeached, Congress made Velásquez acting president. He served from June 5, 1993 through February 2, 1994.

Velásquez was born on November 28, 1916 in San Juan de Colón, Táchira, Venezuela. He studied at Central University of Venezuela. He married Ligia Betancourt Mariño. He moved to Caracas, Venezuela in 1993.

Velásquez died at the age of 97.



Martha Gellhorn

Martha Gellhorn (November 8, 1908 - February 15, 1998) was an American novelist and journalist. She wrote many novels. She also wrote news stories for the "Atlantic Monthly".

Gellhorn was born in St. Louis, Missouri. She died by suicide with an overdose of drugs. She was 89 when she died.

Octavio Lepage

Octavio Lepage Barreto, (November 24, 1923 – January 6, 2017) was Acting President of Venezuela from May 21, 1993 through June 5, 1993.

Lepage was born on November 24, 1923 in Santa Rosa, Anzoátegui, Venezuela. He studied at Central University of Venezuela. Lepage married Verónica Peñalver. In 1993, he moved to Caracas, Venezuela. Lepage died in Caracas, Venezuela on January 6, 2017, aged 93.

Hyperbola

A hyperbola is a type of conic section. Like the other three types of conic sections - parabolas, ellipses, and circles - it is a curve formed by the intersection of a cone and a plane. A hyperbola is created when the plane intersects both halves of a double cone, creating two curves that look exactly like each other, but open in opposite directions. This occurs when the angle between the axis of the cone and the plane is less than the angle between a line on the side of the cone and the plane.

Hyperbolas can be found in many places in nature. For example, an object in open orbit around another object - where it never returns - can move in the shape of a hyperbola. On a sundial, the path followed by the tip of the shadow over time is a hyperbola.

One of the most well-known hyperbolas is the graph of the equation formula_1.

The two disconnected curves that make up a hyperbola are called arms or branches.

The two points where the branches are closest together are called the vertices. The line between these two points is called the "transverse axis" or "major axis". The midpoint of the transverse axis is the "center" of the hyperbola.

At large distances from the center, the branches of the hyperbola approach two straight lines. These two lines are called the asymptotes. As the distance from the center increases, the hyperbola gets closer and closer to the asymptotes, but never intersects them.

The "conjugate axis" or "minor axis" is perpendicular, or at a right angle to, the transverse axis. The endpoints of the conjugate axis are at the height where a segment that intersects the vertex and is perpendicular to the transverse axis intersects the asymptotes.

A hyperbola that has a center at the origin of the Cartesian coordinate system, which is the point (0,0), and has a transverse axis on the x-axis can be written as the equation
"a" is the distance between the center and a vertex. The length of the transverse axis is equal to "2a". "b" is the length of a perpendicular line segment from a vertex to an asymptote. The length of the conjugate axis is equal to "2b".

The two branches of the above type of hyperbola open to the left and the right. If the branches open up and down and the transverse axis is on the y-axis, then the hyperbola can be written as the equation 

A hyperbolic trajectory is the trajectory followed by an object when its velocity is more than the escape velocity of a planet, satellite, or star. That means its orbital eccentricity is greater than 1. For example, meteors approach on a hyperbolic trajectory, and interplanetary space probes leave on one. 
Eleanor Marx

Eleanor Marx (16 January 1855 – 31 March 1898) was an English socialist activist and writer. She was also a literary translator. She was the youngest daughter of Karl Marx. She committed suicide using poison, aged 43.

Eta Carinae

Eta Carinae (η Carinae or η Car) is a superbright hypergiant star in the constellation Carina, about 7,500 to 8,000 light-years from the Sun. 

The system contains at least two stars, of which the primary is a luminous blue variable (LBV) that initially had around 150 solar masses, of which it has lost at least 30. A hot supergiant of about 30 solar masses is in orbit around the primary. An enormous thick red nebula surrounding Eta Carinae makes it impossible to see this companion optically, but the dumbell-shaped gas cloud is formed by two stars. 

The Eta Carinae system is inside the Homunculus nebula, itself part of the much larger Carina nebula. Together they have a combined luminosity of over five million times the Sun's. It is not visible north of latitude 30°N and is seen moving round the pole south of latitude 30°S. Due to its mass and the stage of its life, it is expected to explode as a supernova in the future.

Eta Carinae was first recorded as a 4th magnitude star. It brightened from 1837 to 1856 in an event known as "the Great Eruption". Eta Carinae became the second brightest star in the sky between 11 and 14 March 1843 before fading well below naked eye visibility. 

It has brightened since about 1940, peaking above magnitude 4.5 in 2014. Eta Carinae is circumpolar south of latitude 30°S, so it is never seen north of latitude 30°N.

This stellar system is currently one of the most massive that can be studied in detail. Until recently, Eta Carinae was thought to be the most massive single star, but in 2005 it was proved to be a binary system. The most massive star in the Eta Carinae multiple star system probably has more than 100 times the mass of the Sun. There are other massive stars which are known to be more luminous and are more massive.

Stars like Eta Carinae produce over a million times as much light as the Sun. They are quite rare — only a few dozen are present in a galaxy the size of the Milky Way. They are assumed to be near or over the Eddington limit. That means the outward pressure of their radiation is almost strong enough to counteract gravity. Stars over 120 solar masses exceed the Eddington limit, and their gravity is barely strong enough to hold in their radiation and gas.

Eta Carinae's chief significance for astrophysics is its giant eruption, which was observed around 1843. In a few years, Eta Carinae produced almost as much visible light as a supernova explosion, but it survived. It was a 'supernova impostor' or 'failed supernova'. Eta Carinae's giant eruption was the prototype for this phenomenon.

One remarkable aspect of Eta Carinae is its changing brightness. It is currently classified as a luminous blue variable (LBV) binary star due to peculiarities in its pattern of brightening and dimming.

The ionizing radiation emitted by the secondary star in Eta Carinae is the major radiation source of the system. Much of this radiation is absorbed by the primary stellar wind.


Anne Sexton

Anne Sexton (November 9, 1928 - October 4, 1974) was an American novelist, poetry and children's book writer. She wrote primarily about topics like mental illness and severe depression. She was born near Boston, Massachusetts. She later committed suicide by way of carbon monoxide poisoning. She was 45.

Leerdam

Leerdam is a city in the Netherlands, in the province of Utrecht. It has about 21,000 inhabitants (2016). Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Vijfheerenlanden. Until 2019, Leerdam was a municipality in the province of South Holland.

Khmer

Khmer might mean:


Helen Twelvetrees

Helen Twelvetrees (December 25, 1908 - February 13, 1958) was an American movie and stage actress. She acted in many stage plays from the 1920s to the early 1950s. Twelvetrees was born in Brooklyn, New York. She killed herself by using sedative drugs.

Tribadism

Tribadism is a lesbian sexual act in which a woman rubs her vulva against her partner's vulva or another part of her partner's body for sexual stimulation. It is also known as scissoring, a sex position in which the women intertwine their legs and rub their vulvas together, or as tribading or tribbing.

Federal monarchy

A federal monarchy is a federation of states with a single monarch as overall head of the federation, but also having lesser monarchs, or a republican system of government, in the various states joined to the federation. An example is Malaysia.

Geniocracy

Geniocracy is a kind of government. In this system, very intelligent people, geniuses, control the country. Supporters of this kind of government believe that if the smartest people rule, it will be good for the people. Scientists and sociologists would run the country using their good ideas.

Democratic republic

A democratic republic is the idea which combines both this term is used for the kagha empire the great republicanism and democracy. This means that people can take part in the decisions that affect the way their community is run. There is no monarch. The country could be a presidential, semi-presidential or parliamentary. 

Many countries consider themselves democratic republics. Many of these countries are dictatorships where elections are rigged in various ways. For example, in Eastern Europe, countries had Soviet troops stationed after WWII. Elections were organized so that the electorate had no real choice. The consequence of this is that "democratic republic" has become a synonym for "dictatorship.


Mob rule

Mob rule is sometimes called "ochlocracy" or "mobocracy". There is sometimes no legal government and mobs of people decide whatever they want. It is government by a mob (crowd of people). In this system, the mob becomes the ruler or dominant force in society. Actually, it is rare for a whole country to be under mob rule. Most times, the mobs overthrow their leaders and be for a time without a government. Parts of a country may try to secede (break off) from the country. That has been quite common in certain parts of the world.

Mobs do have leaders, who make speeches complaining about what is wrong, and what they want instead of the legal government. Sometimes mods succeed in taking over the whole country (Russian revolution), sometimes they fail because the government succeeds in using force to stop them. The British decision to ban the trade of slaves (William Wilberforce) was fiercely resisted by the people who made money out of the trade. Slave trade mobs attacked the homes of people known to support abolition. 


Demarchy

Demarchy is a political system based on many decision-making groups that deal with specific functions in a given area (transport, parks, land use, etc.) The members that make up each group are chosen randomly every year. Democracy in Athens used this method to appoint officials.

This system is advantageous because it can not be influenced by pressure groups, media and others. In demarchy "political machines" or special preparation of candidates are not important because nobody can predict who will be in government next.

Compulsory voting

Some countries have compulsory voting, which requires citizens to register to vote and to go to their polling place or vote on election day. If the voter does not attend a polling place, they may be subject to punishment such as fines or community service.

The Mark of Athena

The Mark Of Athena is the third book of the "Heroes of Olympus" series by Rick Riordan. In this book, the perspective of the story moves between Percy Jackson, Annabeth Chase, Leo Valdez, Jason Grace, and Piper McLean. All of the seven demigods appear in this book.

In the beginning, the Argo II is approaching Rome (Camp Jupiter) when suddenly, a statue pops into existence on the ship and almost knocks Annabeth overboard. The statue is Terminus, the Roman god of boundaries. He yells that he will not accept having weapons over the Pomerian Line (the camp boundary). After being irritated by a curious Leo and a charmspeaking Piper, Terminus tells them to "surrender, then leave". Annabeth sees Percy walking down in Camp Jupiter with Hazel and Frank as if they were best friends, and knew she was too close to give up. (She also notices that Percy is a praetor now and signs that New Rome had recently been attacked by an army of monsters.) She asks if it was against the rules to hover OVER New Rome, as technically it wouldn't be on Roman soil. Terminus agrees grudgingly to this, but tells them to not harm his city. But sadly one of the Greek campers becomes possessed and starts an attack on the Romans and the Seven are forced to leave. 

Sarah Kane

Sarah Kane (3 February 1971 – 20 February 1999) was an English playwright. Her writings dealt with the themes of desire, pain, love, torture and death. Her five plays are "Blasted" (1995), "Phaedra's Love" (1996), "Cleansed" (1998), "Crave" (1998) and "4.48 Psychosis" (2000). In 1995, she wrote the screenplay for the short movie "Skin". She also wrote two newspaper articles for "The Guardian".

Kane was born in Brentwood, Essex. She was raised by evangelical parents. A Christian in her early life, Kane later became an atheist. She was a lesbian.

Kane was depressed for years during her life. On 20 February 1999, she killed herself at King's College Hospital in Camberwell, London, by hanging herself with her shoelaces. She was 28. She had earlier been taken to the same hospital after overdosing on prescription drugs on 17 February.

Belshazzar

Belshazzar is a king of Babylonia in the Book of Daniel. He is the son of Nebuchadnezzar and is killed by Darius the Mede.
His banquet is the subject of a painting by Rembrandt.


S. Epatha Merkerson

Sharon Epatha Merkerson (the middle name is pronounced ee-pay-thuh), known as S. Epatha Merkerson, is an American actress. She was born on November 28, 1952. She is best known as Lieutenant Anita Van Buren in the "Law & Order" television series. She was on "Law & Order" from 1993 until it stopped airing new episodes in 2010, and she was in 391 episodes. This was more than any other actor on the show.

She has won a Golden Globe, an Emmy award, an Obie Award, four NAACP Image Awards, and a Screen Actors Guild Award.

Law &amp; Order: Criminal Intent

Law & Order: Criminal Intent is an American television show that was on NBC from September 30, 2001, to June 26, 2011. It was the second spin-off of Law & Order ( was the first one). It ran on NBC for the first six seasons, and then it moved to USA Network for the last four seasons. NBC did this to save money.

Dann Florek

Dann Florek (born May 1, 1950) is an American actor. He is best known for portraying Police Captain Donald Cragen in both the "Law & Order" and "" television series. He was on "Law & Order" for the first three years of the show, and has been on "Special Victims Unit" since it began.

Law &amp; Order: Trial by Jury

Law & Order: Trial by Jury is an American legal television show. It was a spin-off of the police/legal drama "Law & Order". It is the third spin-off of "Law & Order", after "" and "". It aired on NBC from March 3, 2005 to January 21, 2006.

The show focused mostly on the criminal trial of the accused. It showed the prosecution's and defense's preparation for the trial, as well as the trial itself. Things such as jury selection and deliberations in the jury room that were rarely shown on "Law & Order" were the focus of this show.


Law &amp; Order: LA

Law & Order: LA is an American police procedural and legal drama television series set in Los Angeles. It was the fourth spin-off of "Law & Order". It ran on NBC from October 18, 2010 to July 11, 2011. It is the only American "Law & Order" show to be set outside of New York City.

"Law & Order: LA" followed the same format as "Law & Order". The show was adapted to fit the Los Angeles criminal justice system.


Tesla, Inc.

Tesla, Inc. ( or ) is a company based in Austin, Texas which makes electric cars. It was started in 2003 by Martin Eberhard, Dylan Stott, and Elon Musk (who also co-founded PayPal and SpaceX and is the CEO of SpaceX). Eberhard no longer works there. Today, Elon Musk is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). It started selling its first car, the Roadster in 2008. 2003

The Tesla name originally comes from Nikola Tesla. He was an inventor who worked with electricity, electric cars and many other ideas along with Thomas Edison a century earlier. The company was formerly known as Tesla Motors, Inc. and changed its name to Tesla, Inc. in February 2017.

The company operates in two segments, Automotive, and Energy Generation and Storage. The Automotive segment offers electric vehicles, as well as sells automotive regulatory credits. It provides sedans and sport utility vehicles through direct and used vehicle sales, a network of Tesla Superchargers, and in-app upgrades; and purchase financing and leasing services.

The Energy Generation and Storage segment engages in the design, manufacture, installation, sale, and leasing of solar energy generation and energy storage products, and related services to residential, commercial, and industrial customers and utilities through its website, stores, and galleries, as well as through a network of channel partners. This segment also offers service and repairs to its energy product customers, including under warranty; and various financing options to its solar customers.

There were some test cars built from 2004 to 2007, but regular production started in 2008. From then until the end of 2011, they sold 2,150 Tesla Roadsters to customers in 31 countries. It sold for about $100,000 dollars, but it was very fast ( in 3.9 seconds) and could go a long way before the batteries needed to be recharged.

One big problem of electric cars compared to cars that run on gasoline is that most electric cars could not go very far before needing to be recharged. A gasoline car can often go before needing more fuel, but most electric cars could not go over on a charge (EV-1, RAV4-EV, etc.). The Roadster could go on a single charge. On February 6, 2018, SpaceX Falcon Heavy sent Elon Musk's Roadster into a Solar orbit.

The Model S replaces the Roadster. It is sold with different battery sizes – for $58,750 it can go . The top end can go on a charge and with all the extras can cost $100,000. The 2013 Model S was named the Motor Trend Car of the Year, the 2013 Car of the Year by Automobile Magazine and the 2013 World Green Car at the New York International Auto Show. It has a lower drag coefficient than a Toyota Prius, so it uses less energy to push the air out of the way as it moves.

As of 2019, the 2019 Tesla Model S can go up to an EPA rated on a single charge. In 2020, this range was made longer, at .

The Model X is a mid-sized, all-electric, luxury, crossover utility vehicle (CUV) made by Tesla, Inc. that uses falcon wing doors for access to the second and third row seats. The prototype was unveiled at Tesla's design studios in Hawthorne on February 9, 2012. The Model X has an official EPA rated range and the combined fuel economy equivalent and energy consumption for the AWD P90D was rated at .

The Model 3 is a mid-size (US) / compact executive (EU) luxury all-electric four-door sedan manufactured and sold by Tesla, Inc. According to Tesla officials, the 2019 Model 3 Standard Battery version delivers an EPA-rated all-electric range of and the 2019 Long Range Battery version delivers . The Model 3 has a minimalist dashboard with only a centre-mounted LCD touchscreen. Tesla stated that the Model 3 carries full self-driving hardware to be optionally enabled at a future date.

Within a week of unveiling the Model 3 in 2016, Tesla revealed they had taken 325,000 reservations for the car, more than triple the number of Model S sedans sold by the end of 2015. These reservations represent potential sales of over US$14 billion. By August 2017, there were 455,000 net reservations, and an average of 1,800 reservations were being added per day.

Limited production of the Model 3 began in mid-2017, with the first production vehicle rolling off the assembly line on July 7, 2017, and the official launch and delivery of the first 30 cars on July 28. On July 1, 2018, it was announced that Tesla had met its production goal of 5,000 cars in a week. Total production through end of June 2018 has been 28,578 cars.


Naomi (given name)

Naomi is an English name meaning "enjoyment, pleasure" in Hebrew and Arabic. The pronunciation of the name is [ ney-oh-mee, -mahy, ney-oh-mahy, -mee ]. 
Noemie is a version used in French-speaking countries. It is also a Japanese name, meaning various things depending on the kanji used. This name was ranked #54 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


In music:

In fiction:


Peripheral neuropathy

Peripheral neuropathy happens when the nerves of the peripheral nervous system suffer damage due to disease, trauma to the nerves or through side effects of an illness. The four patterns of this condition are polyneuropathy, mononeuropathy, nononeuritis mp and autonomic nerve damage. The most common of these is polyneuropathy which affects the feet and legs. The actual forms may be broken down by causes. Losses of muscle bulk and muscle twitches may be seen. Damage to the sensory nerves may lead to numbness, strong tingling or burning pain that is described as electric-like, freezing and burning. Autonomic nerve damage leads to issues, such as hypertension, sexual troubles, bladder dysfunction and abnormal heart rate. Neuropathy can happen with or without the presence of diabetes mellitus.

Nissan Motor Company

Nissan (In Japanese: 日産自動車株式会社; Nissan Jidōsha Kabushikigaisha) is a company from Japan that makes vehicles, including automobiles, trucks, and buses. In the United States it was previously called Datsun. 1933

Nissan makes cars under its own name, while its luxury cars have the brand Infiniti. In 1999, it made a partnership with Renault of France, and was joined by Mitsubishi Motors in 2016.

A partial list:


Tesla

Tesla usually refers to Nikola Tesla (1856–1943), physicist, electrical engineer, and inventor.

Tesla may also refer to:


Dick Wolf

Richard Anthony "Dick" Wolf (born December 20, 1946) is an American producer. He is best known for creating the Law & Order television series as well as its American spin-offs. He has a star on the Holywood Walk of Fame, and he has won an Emmy Award.


Geoff Peterson

Geoff Peterson is an animatronic human skeleton. It is the sidekick on the late-night talk show "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson". It is voiced by Josh Robert Thompson. It first appeared on "The Late Late Show" on April 5, 2010. It was built by Grant Imahara.

Arthur Gardner

Arthur Gardner (Arthur Goldberg; June 7, 1910 – December 19, 2014) was an retired-American actor and movie producer.

Gardner was born in Marinette, Wisconsin. One of his first roles was as a student in 1930's "All Quiet on the Western Front". He was the only surviving member of either the cast or crew.

He helped form the Levy-Gardner-Laven production company in 1951. Gardner's producing credits include the television series "The Rifleman" (1958-1963) and "The Big Valley" (1965-1969). His movie credits include 1974's "McQ" and 1975's "Brannigan", both starring John Wayne.

Gardner lived in Beverly Hills, California since the 1960s. His son was actor, Steve Gardner. Gardner died in Beverly Hills from natural causes, aged 104.


Assamese

Assamese might mean:


Asturian

Asturian might mean:


Azerbaijani

Azerbaijani might mean:


Belarusian

Belarusian might mean:


Burmese

Burmese might mean:


Moldovan

Moldovan might mean:


Sicilian

Sicilian might mean:


Louise Currie

Louise Currie (born Louise Gunter; April 7, 1913 – September 8, 2013) was an American movie actress. She was active from 1940 until her retirement in 1997. 

Currie was born on April 7, 1913 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. She studied at Martha Washington Seminary and at Sarah Lawrence College. Currie was married to John Whitney until they divorced. Then she was married to John Good from 1948 until his death in 1996. Then she was married to Grover Asmus from 2002 until his death in 2003. 


Tommy Kelly (actor)

Tommy Kelly (April 6, 1925 – January 26, 2016) was an American actor and teacher. He was known for his roles in "Peck's Bad Boy with the Circus", "Military Academy", "The Adventure of Tom Sawyer", and in "They Shall Have Music".

Kelly was born on April 6, 1925 in New York City, New York. His ancestry is Irish. Kelly used to be a teacher in Washington, D.C.. He retired from acting in 1950. Kelly died in Greensboro, North Carolina from congestive heart failure on January 26, 2016 at the age of 90.

Barbara Blida

Barbara Maria Blida, née Szwajnoch (December 3, 1949 - April 25, 2007) was a Polish politician. She was in the Parliament of Poland from 1989 until 2005. At one time, she was a member of the Cabinet. She joined the Polish United Workers' Party (the Communist Party representing Poland since World War II). Blida shot herself in the heart in the bathroom of her own house. She later died, age fifty-seven.

Officer Creek

Officer Creek is a watercourse in the north-west of South Australia, on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. It is normally mostly dry except for periods of very high rainfall. It runs from the Musgrave Ranges southward into the Great Victoria Desert. The only major community on Officer Creek is Kaltjiti.

The land around Officer Creek is part of the traditional homeland of the Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara. In September 1873, the explorer Ernest Giles and his team came to the creek during his second trip into the centre of Australia. At Kaltjiti, they encountered a large group of Aboriginal men. The Europeans fired shots from their rifles, allegedly because the Aboriginal people were throwing spears at them. Giles' group escaped unharmed, but did not report whether any of the Aboriginal men were hurt. He later acknowledged that aggression from the locals toward White people was usually due to them trespassing on sacred land. Giles may have interrupted an initiation or another kind of ceremony. Giles named the river "The Officer", and it was known by this name until the 1930s when it was renamed Officer Creek.


A Message From Earth

A Message from Earth is a high-powered digital radio signal that was sent from Earth towards Gliese 581 c. Gliese 581 c is a large terrestrial extrasolar planet, and the signal was sent due to the possibility of the planet containing lifeforms. The signal was sent on 9 October 2008. It contains 501 messages that were selected through a competition on the social networking site Bebo.

The message was sent using the RT-70 radar telescope of Ukraine's National Space Agency. The signal will reach the planet Gliese 581 c in early 2029.

Lake Neale

Lake Neale is a salt lake in the southwest corner of the Northern Territory, in Australia. It is on the north-west side of Lake Amadeus. The two lakes form part of a chain of salt lakes that stretches about , from Lake Hopkins in the west to the Finke River in the east. This drainage basin is known as the Amadeus Basin. The lake is usually a dry salt plain. It holds water for short periods after heavy rainfall. Lake Neale is on Aboriginal land, in the Petermann Aboriginal Land Trust. The Haasts Bluff lands are nearby to the north.

Lake Neale was named after Frank Neale, one of the pilots of an aerial expedition to accurately survey the desert regions northwest of Alice Springs in 1930. Neale flew one of the two planes that had been hired by explorer Donald Mackay for the expedition. The team made 15 survey flights over 24 days, in which they mapped the dimensions of Lakes Amadeus and Neale and found the even larger Lake Mackay, further to the north.

The first European to see Lake Neale was the explorer Ernest Giles in 1872. He had seen Kata Tjuta from far away and was making his way there. Lake Amadeus blocked his path. He also saw Lake Neale when he tried to reach Mount Unapproachable, on the northern side of the lake. He was coming from the east, and did not notice a land bridge between Neale and Amadeus. He mistook them as one big lake. William Tietkens corrected this mistake in an expedition of his own seventeen years later.

Kow Swamp

Kow Swamp is a lake in north-central Victoria, Australia. It was once a swamp. It is now used for water storage. 

Kow Swamp is in the Murray River valley, about west of the town of Gunbower and the Murray River, in the Shire of Campaspe. Its name comes from the Aboriginal word "Ghow" means the white gypsum soil found at the swamp. It is a popular site for recreational fishing. The lake is about . Its circumference is .

Kow Swamp is an archaeological site which has produced human skeletal remains dating from the late Pleistocene, over 10,000 years ago.

Kow Swamp was used to store water from the Murray for irrigation. In 1900 the capacity was increased to 51,730 megalitres.

Migratory locust

The migratory locust ("Locusta migratoria") is the most widespread locust species, and the only species in the genus "Locusta". It occurs throughout Africa, Asia, Australia and New Zealand. It used to be common in Europe but has now become rare there.

Because of the vast geographic area it occupies, which comprises many different ecological zones, numerous subspecies have been described. However, not all experts agree on the validity of some of these subspecies.

Many other species of Orthoptera with gregarious and migratory behavior are indicated with the name of 'locusts'.

The migratory locust is polyphenic. It has a solitary phase and a gregarious phase. This is a type of polymorphism where a single genotype produces two or more phenotypes. During development, an environmental factor causes a switch from one morph to another.

For the migratory locust, the switch is caused by population density. As the density of the population increases the locust transforms from the solitary phase to the gregarious phase, with intermediate phases.

The colour and size of the migratory locust changes according to its phase and its age. "Gregarious larvae" have a yellow to orange covering with black spots. "Solitary larvae" are green or brown. The "gregarious adult" is brownish with yellow, the latter colour becoming more intense and extensive on maturation. The "solitary adult" is brown with varying extent of green colour depending on the colour of the vegetation. "Gregarious adults" vary in size between 40 and 60 mm according to the sex. They are smaller than the solitary adults.


Kow Swamp archaeological site

The Kow Swamp archaeological site is on the eastern side of Kow Swamp in northern Victoria. A number of Pleistocene burials have been found in a sand dune, known as a lunette. Archaeologist Alan Thorne dug up the skeletons of more than 22 people between 1968 and 1972.

The discovery of human remains included skulls which appeared to be 'pre-sapiens', that is, earlier than modern man. Later studies did not confirm this.

Kow Swamp is named for an Aboriginal word, "Ghow", from the Yorta Yorta language. It means white gypsum soil which is found in the area. Kow Swamp is now a lake used to store irrigation water. It is 15 kilometres in circumference and about 3 metres deep. It was once a low lying swamp which only filled when the Murray River was in flood or running at high levels.

Australian aborigines have lived at Kow Swamp. There are canoe trees where the bark has been taken from the tree to make a canoe. There are also middens, which are rubbish heaps with evidence of what people ate. Early European settlers described an Aboriginal ceremonial site on the north side of the swamp. In 1925 part of a skull was found on the west side of the swamp during digging works. It was called the "Cohuna Cranium". The editor of the local newspaper "Cohuna Farmers Weekly" notified authorities and the importance of the discovery was realised. In the 1960s, Alan Thorne also found an ancient bone in the collection at the Museum of Victoria, and traced the find spot to Kow Swamp. Archaeological excavations took place between 1968 and 1972 by Thorne for the Australian National University in Canberra. Further remains were found around the swamp by a local person, Gordon Spark. By 1972 the remains of at least forty individuals had been excavated and studied. These discoveries helped prove the wide range of Aboriginal genetic history. They have been used to show that there were different waves of immigrants to Australia before European discovery.

Radiocarbon dating has shown that most of the burials took place between 13,000 and 10,000 years ago. The youngest burial was about 6,500 years old. Optically stimulated luminesence (OSL) dating in 2003 showed the burials were between 22,000 and 19,000 years old. However, these dates have been questioned due to the difficulty of making sure the dated sand is the same age as the actual burials. Dating research on bones from other sites in the region such as Nacurrie and Coobool Creek, support the 13,000 to 9,000 date range for Kow Swamp.

At first the skulls from Kow Swamp were thought to be from "Homo erectus", not modern "Homo sapiens". Thorne believed that it showed "the survival of "Homo erectus" features in Australia until as recently as 10,000 years ago". However, Donald Brothwell disagreed and said size and shape of the skulls at Kow Swamp had been caused by artificial cranial deformation. 

The size and shape of the skulls are different from modern Aboriginal skulls. They are also different to Pleistocene remains found at Lake Mungo and Keilor. These differences have been used to suggest that different people came to Australia at different times in the past. However, more recent studies do not support this theory. Most of the skulls were in small fragments, and only two were reasonably complete.

Aboriginal community groups have asked for the human remains from Kow Swamp be returned from Australian and overseas museum collections. The Kow Swamp skeletons were returned to the area and reburied. Casts of some of the Kow Swamp skulls are held by the Archaeology and Human Sciences department at the Australian National University. Some casts are also at London Natural History Museum and other institutions. 



Toni Basil

Mary Antoinette Hoole (stage name Toni Basil; September 22, 1943) is an American singer-songwriter, dancer and actress. She is best known by the 1982 hit single "Mickey". In addition, she has performed in many movies. Basil was born in Philadelphia. 

Polyphenism

Polyphenism is a kind of polymorphism where different forms of an animal are caused a single genotype. The animal inherits the capability, but the environment determines which form develops. This contrasts with genetic polymorphism, where each morph (form) inherits a slightly different genome.

Polyphenism occurs when the animal inherits a developmental switch. The switch is sensitive to some environmental cue or trigger. For example, the sex of crocodiles is determined by the prevailing temperature. Their gender is a polyphenic trait, and is not determined by the usual sex linkage.

The caste system of social insects is the division of labor between genetically identical individuals. Polyphenism determines whether larvae develop into queens, workers, and in some cases soldiers. In the case of the ant, "P. morrisi", an embryo must develop under certain temperature and photoperiod conditions in order to become a reproductively-active queen. This allows for control of the mating season, but like sex determination, limits the spread of the species into certain climates.
In bees, "royal jelly" provided by worker bees causes a larva to become a queen. Royal jelly is only produced when the queen is aging or has died.

Polyphenic pigmentation is adaptive for species which reproduce several times a year. Different pigment patterns provide camouflage throughout the seasons, and alter heat retention as temperatures change. Because insects cease growth and development after they are adults, their pigment pattern is set in adulthood. In the case of the peppered moth, "Biston betularia", the caterpillars are polyphenic. Their trigger is switched by the colour of the plants they are eating: see "this". 

Sarah Kofman

Sarah Kofman (September 14, 1934 - October 15, 1994) was a French philosopher and writer. She wrote many books about many topics. She committed suicide at age 60.

Antonov An-26

The Antonov An-26 is soviet built twin-engine transport aircraft. It is used by both airlines and air forces. It is a short takeoff and landing aircraft.

It is built under licence in China like "Y-7H". An-26 is a modernized variant of An-24.


Mount Unapproachable

Mount Unapproachable is a mountain in the southwest of the Northern Territory, Australia. It is on the northern side of Lake Neale. It is about above sea level. The area is far apart from other towns. The nearest towns are Kaltukatjara (116 km away), Kintore (135 km away) and Yulara (138 km away). The mountain is mostly made of sandstone.

The mountain was named by explorer Ernest Giles in 1872. Giles was on an expedition to find a way across the desert from east to west. He had just found and named Lake Amadeus. He could see the mountain rising to the west, and hoped to find water there. But, he was unable to get to the mountain because his path was blocked by the lake. Giles in fact over-estimated the size of Lake Amadeus and missed the bridge of land between Amadeus and Lake Neale.

In 1889, Giles' second-in-command, W. H. Tietkins, came back on his own expedition and surveyed the area. He wrote that he travelled to the Bloods Range, to the south of Lakes Amadeus and Neale. He named the highest peaks Mount Harris and Mount Carruthers. From the top of Mount Harris, he could see Kata Tjuṯa, the Petermann Ranges and the Tomkinson Ranges. Tietkins then travelled to the east for three days, and came to Lake Amadeus. At the western end of the lake and on the north shore, he described a sandstone range, which he named Long's Range after his brother-in-law. He climbed a nearby set of hills, and identified Mount Unapproachable as the westernmost peak of the Long's Range. He reported that his team reached Unapproachable around the middle of June and then spent several days travelling around the western edge of Lake Amadeus. He corrected Giles' earlier mistake and successfully mapped the lake's western shore.

Another team of surveyors visited the area in 1926, led by Donald Mackay and Herbet Basedow. On 1 July, they climbed a hill that Basedow identified as both Mount Unapproachable and Mount Harris. He found them to be the same mountain after comparing his own observations with those of Giles and Tietkens. Basedow decided that this hill was the Mount Unapproachable that Giles had described, and that Tietkens had mistakenly renamed it Mount Harris. But, on modern maps, Mount Harris and Mount Carruthers are the names given to two peaks in the Bloods Range.

Peg Entwistle

Peg Entwistle (February 5, 1908 – September 16, 1932) was a Welsh-born English stage actress. She acted in only one movie. In September 1932, she jumped from the letter "H" of what was then the Hollywoodland sign and later died at age 24.

Andrea Anders

Andrea Anders (May 10, 1975) is an American actress. She usually acts in television sitcoms. She was born in Madison, Wisconsin.

Thornaby-on-Tees

Thornaby-on-Tees is a town in the Borough of Stockton-on-Tees in North Yorkshire.

Lyutvi Mestan

Lyutvi Ahmed Mestan (), or shortly Lyutvi Mestan (born 24 December 1960), is a Bulgarian politician. He is of Turkish-Bulgarian origin. He was the 2nd chairman of the Movement for Rights and Freedoms. He has been the Member of Parliament for Kardzhali.


Kotli

Kotli () is the largest town of the Kotli District in Azad Kashmir.

Sengunthar

Sengunthar is a caste from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. They are also known as Kaikolar and use Mudaliar as title. They are present throughout the state of Tamil Nadu and also in some parts of Andhra and Kerala apart from the Tamizh Eezham. The considerable proportion of this community is engaged in the occupation of cloth merchants and weaving. They are included in the Central list of Other Backward Community. Senguntha Mudaliars have their historical connection with the Medieval and Later Chola Army Battalion.

Sam Waterston

Samuel Atkinson "Sam" Waterston (born November 15, 1940) is an American actor, producer, and director. He is best known for playing Executive Assistant District Attorney Jack McCoy in "Law & Order", and also for playing Sydney Schanberg in the 1984 movie "The Killing Fields". He won a Screen Actors Guild Award for his work on "Law & Order". He has also been nominated for an Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award for that show. He has won other awards, too. He has also been nominated for a lot of awards.

George Pickingill

George Pickingill (born 1816, died 1909) was an English cunning man.

Shlomo Yanai

Shlomo Yanai (born May 18, 1952 in Holon) is a retired Israeli military officer and businessman. He was raised in Tel Aviv. He held the rank of Major General. He was the CEO of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (TEVA) from 1 March 2007 to May 2012. He was offered the directorship of Mossad by Benjamin Netanyahu but turned it down. 

Van Wagenen House

The Van Wagenen House is a house in Jersey City, New Jersey. It is also known as the Apple Tree House. It has been part of the National Register of Historic Places since August 16, 2006.

The main part of the house was built in the 1740s, and an addition was made to it in the 1820s. A legend states that during the American Revolutionary War, General George Washington and the Marquis de Lafayette talked about war strategy under an apple tree in front of the house in 1779. However, this is probably not true. There used to be an apple orchard and a cider press at the house, which is why it is also called the Apple Tree House.

The house was called one of the most endangered (which means it is at a very high risk of being ruined) historic sites by Preservation New Jersey in 1996. The building really needed to be improved (made better). In 1999 the City of Jersey City bought the house and started to make it better. The city plans to use the house as a museum.

Beverly Archer

Beverly Archer (born July 19, 1948) is an American actress. She acts mostly on television. She played Iola in "Mama's Family". She also appeared on a lot of other television shows. Archer retired from acting in 2000. She was born in Oak Park, Illinois.

Candice King

Candice Rene King (née Accola) is an American actress, singer and songwriter. She appears mostly on television. She acted as Caroline in "The Vampire Diaries". 

Accola is a supporter of the It Gets Better Project, which aims to prevent suicide among LGBT youth.

Julie Adams

Julie Adams (born Betty Mae Adams; October 17, 1926 – February 3, 2019) was an American actress. She acted mostly from the 1950s to the late 1990s. She did many television series and movies. Adams was born in Waterloo, Iowa. She was raised in Arkansas. She was known for her roles in the 1950s movies "Bend of the River" and "Creature from the Black Lagoon". She was also known for her roles as Paula Denning on "Capitol" and as Eve Simpson on "Murder, She Wrote".

Adams died on February 3, 2019 in Los Angeles, California, aged 92.


Margaret Avery

Margaret Avery (born 20 January 1944) is an American actress. She works in both movies and television. She acted in "The Color Purple" and other movies. She was born in Magnum, Oklahoma.

Marvel Rea

Marvel Luciel Rea (November 9, 1901 – June 17, 1937) was an American actress. She performed in silent movies. She was also a comedian. Rea was born in Nebraska. She died in June of 1937, aged 35 after poisoning herself with ant paste.

Brachylophosaurus

Brachylophosaurus was a mid-sized herbivorous dinosaur, a member of the hadrosaur family. It is known from several skeletons and bonebed material from the Judith River Formation of Montana (U.S.) and the Oldman Formation of Alberta province in Canada. They lived about 8176.7 million years ago.

This animal had a bony crest, a flat, paddle-like plate over the top of the skull. Some individuals had crests that covered nearly the entire skull roof, while others had shorter, narrower crests. Other notable features are the unusually long forelimbs and the beak of the upper jaw being wider than other hadrosaurs of the time.

Otherwise, "Brachylophosaurus" was a typical hadrosaur. It reached an adult length of 9 meters (30 ft). Like other hadrosaurs, "Brachylophosaurus" had cheeks to keep food in the mouth while it chewed with its hundreds of close-fitting teeth. These teeth could be used to chew efficiently. This feature is rare among reptiles, but common among ornithischia like "Brachylophosaurus".

In 2003, evidence of tumors, including metastatic cancer, was discovered in fossilized "Brachylophosaurus" skeletons. Rothschild and co-workers tested dinosaur vertebrae for tumors using computerized tomography and fluoroscope screening. Several other hadrosaurs, including "Edmontosaurus", "Gilmoreosaurus", and "Bactrosaurus", also tested positive. Although more than 10,000 fossils were examined in this manner, the tumors were limited to "Brachylophosaurus" and closely related genera. The reason for this is not known.

In 1994, amateur paleontologist Nate Murphy discovered an immaculate, complete and uncrushed brachylophosaur skeleton which he nicknamed "Elvis". More impressive finds lay ahead for Murphy and his team from the Judith River Dinosaur Institute. In 2000, "Leonardo", a fully articulated and partially mummified skeleton of a young adult brachylophosaur, was discovered. It is considered one of the most spectacular dinosaur finds ever, and was included in the "Guinness Book of World Records". They subsequently excavated "Roberta", an almost complete slender skeleton, and "Peanut", a partially preserved juvenile with some skin impressions.

Ellen Wilkinson

Ellen Cicely Wilkinson (8 October 1891 – 6 February 1947) was an English politician. She was a Labour Member of Parliament for Middlesbrough and later Jarrow. Wilkinson was one of the first females in Britain to become a Member of the British Parliament. She was one of the founding members for the Communist Party around 1920. Ellen was born in Ardwick, Manchester. She committed suicide with an overdose of barbiturates. Wilkinson died in St Mary's Hospital, London at age fifty-five.

Leaving Las Vegas

Leaving Las Vegas is a 1995 American romantic drama movie. It is about a depressed alcoholic screenwriter, Ben Sanderson, who moves to Las Vegas where he meets a prostitute, Sera, whom he moves in with. Elizabeth Shue and Nicolas Cage are part of the cast. The movie was released October 27, 1995 in limited release and nationwide in the United States in 1996. The movie received positive reviews. It was successful in the box office.

Koi... Mil Gaya

Koi... Mil Gaya (English: "I have found someone") is an Indian science fiction movie released in 2003. The main characters in the film are played by Hrithik Roshan, Rekha, Preity Zinta and Rajat Bedi. The movie was directed and produced by Rakesh Roshan, the father of Hrithik Roshan. It is about a mentally retarded person who sees an alien in a forest which he thought would change his life forever. The movie was a superhit and became the most successful movie of 2003. It is regarded as one of India's first science fiction movies. Additionally, the film was a turning point in Hrithik Roshan's career after some of his previous films flopped. It has two sequels, which are Krrish (2006) and Krrish 3 (2013). In 2004, a Indian animated action television show based on the film was produced by Tilak Shetty, Munjal Shroff, and Graphiti Multimedia Nickelodeon and it was called "J Bole Toh Jadoo" and it is based on the alien in this film, who is named Jadoo.

Easter Monday

Easter Monday is the day after Easter Sunday. It is a holiday in many Christian countries. It is also the second day of the Octave of Easter. In 2022 it falls on April 18.

In the Catholic Church, Easter Monday is also called "Monday of the Angel" in relation to the announcement of the Resurrection of Jesus in the New Testament.


Juvenile idiopathic arthritis

Juvenile idiopathic arthritis (which is also called juvenile rheumatoid arthritis) is a condition which affects people ages 16 and under. The problem consists of excess swelling around joints in the knees, ankles, wrists, hands and feet. Symptoms consists of lethargy, strong pain and reduced physical activity. There is also stiffness in the morning which may improve later on during the day. Juvenile arthritis is an autoimmune disease. More boys than girls are affected and treatment includes pain-killers, physiotherapy and in extreme cases gold injections. It is not usually considered life-threatening but in 1976 a girl of 5 years was prescribed with steroids at Great Ormond Street Hospital to lessen her acute arthritic pain and died at home on 30th December after a swift attack of encephalitis. Her Death Certificate gives the cause of death as 'Still's Disease' a form of Juvenile idiopathic arthritis. 

Juan Mora Fernández

Juan Mora Fernández (1784 San José - 1854) was Costa Rica's first elected head of state in 1825. He was considered a liberal and moved the capital from Cartago to San José. He is remembered for bringing in land reform. He followed a progressive course.

Because of his land reforms, an elite class of powerful coffee barons was created. The barons eventually overthrew one of his later successors.

Ketogenic diet

A ketogenic diet is a diet in which most of the calories come from fat (70-75%). A moderate amount of calories come from protein (20-25%). Only a small number of the calories come from carbohydrates (5%). 

The diet forces the body to burn fats rather than carbohydrates for energy. Normally, the carbohydrates you eat are turned into glucose in the body, which is used for energy around the body and in the brain. But, if you don't eat enough carbohydrates, your body has a back-up system of burning fat instead. The liver can use stored fat and the fat you eat for energy. Stored fat is broken into two parts, fatty acids, and ketone bodies. Ketone bodies power the brain instead of glucose. This state of having a lot of ketone bodies in your blood is called "Ketosis." The liver can also make or release its own glucose through two processes(gluconeogenesis and glycogenolosis) as glucose is still needed for normal body function.

When you eat fewer carbs, your body starts using fat for fuel. This can cause your body to enter a metabolic state known as ketosis. Your liver converts fat into little energy molecules known as ketones, which your brain and other organs can utilize for energy.

The keto diet is any diet that elicits ketosis. To achieve ketosis Keto we need to limit carbohydrates and use fat for fuel, to produce ketones. The regular ketogenic diet has two to four times more fat by weight than protein, and very little carbohydrates every day. This means not eating foods that are made from starch or sugar. High-carbohydrate foods are foods like fruits, bread, pasta, grains, cookies, and ice cream. Also, you have to increase your intake of fatty foods, like oils(usually from olives, avocados, or coconuts), butter, and fatty meats. It's also important to not eat too much protein. You should only eat just enough protein so you don't lose muscles. Too much protein reduces the ketone bodies in your blood and blocks fat burning.

The ketogenic diet was originally created to treat people with epilepsy. Until other medicines became available, this was a good option for managing the condition.

Now, due to the other treatments available, and how restrictive the diet is, the ketogenic diet is usually prescribed when other options do not work for the patient.

The ketogenic diet can lower the number of seizures. Most children who respond do so within two weeks, though experts recommend a trial of at least three months before assuming it has been ineffective. Children with refractory epilepsy are more likely to benefit from the ketogenic diet than from trying another anticonvulsant drug. Adolescents and adults may also benefit from the diet, though this diet is hard to follow. Questions still remain on why this diet works.

The ketogenic diet can also have some side effects, especially if not done properly, such as gastrointestinal problems.

John Connally

John Bowden Connally, Jr. (February 27, 1917 – June 15, 1993), was an American politician. He served as the 39th Governor of Texas, Secretary of the Navy under John F. Kennedy, and Secretary of Treasury under Richard Nixon. While he was Governor of Texas in 1963, Connally was a passenger in the car where President Kennedy was assassinated, and he was seriously wounded during the shooting.

Connally was born in Floresville, Texas, near San Antonio. He is one of the seven children born to Lela (née Wright) and John Bowden Connally, Sr., a dairy and tenant farmer.

While Connally attended Floresville High School, he was one of the graduates who attended college. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. At University of Texas at Austin, he was the student body president and a member of the Friar Society. He subsequently graduated from the University of Texas School of Law and was admitted to the examination bar.

Connally served in the United States Navy during World War II, first as an assistant to James V. Forrestal. Then, he served again as part of the planning staff for the invasion of North Africa by General Dwight D. Eisenhower. He transferred to the South Pacific Theater, where he served with distinction. He was a fighter-plane director aboard the aircraft carrier USS "Essex" and won a Bronze Star for bravery. He was shifted to another Essex class aircraft carrier which was the USS "Bennington". He won a Legion of Merit. He was also involved in the military campaigns in the Gilbert, Marshall, Ryukyu, and Philippine islands. He quit the military in 1946 at the rank of lieutenant commander.

After he was released from the navy, Connally practiced law in the Alvin Wirtz law firm. He quit practicing law when Lyndon B. Johnson, who was a newly elected senator, persuaded him to return to Washington, D.C. to serve as a key assistant. He had close relations with Johnson before he started his navy career and kept them till Johnson's death in 1973.

Connally's main legal customers were the Texas oil wealthy person, Sid W. Richardson and Perry Bass, who was Richardson's nephew and partner, both of Fort Worth. Richardson's family dynasty business at the time was estimated at $200 million to $1 billion. Under Richardson's custody, Connally had experience in many enterprises and received tips on real estate purchases. The work required the Connallys to relocate to Fort Worth. When Richardson died in 1959, Connally was named as the profitable position of co-executor of the estate.

Connally served as Governor of Texas from 1963–1969. In the campaigns of 1964 and 1966, Connally defeated Republicans, Jack Crichton, a Dallas oil industrialist, and Thomas Everton Kennerly, Sr. (1903–2000), of Houston, respectively. He won with margins of 73.8 percent and 72.8 percent, respectively, giving him greater influence with the most of the legistlature being Democratic.

Connally was governor during a time of great expansion of higher education in Texas. He signed into law the creation of the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board. He appointed members of a governing body who backed the entry of women into previously male Texas A&M University in College Station, having been prompted to take such action by State Senator William T. "Bill" Moore of Bryan, who had first proposed the admission of women to the university in 1953.

On November 22, 1963, Connally was seriously wounded while riding in President Kennedy's car at Dealey Plaza in Dallas when the president was assassinated. He recovered from wounds in his chest, wrist and thigh. The ten-month investigation by the Warren Commission of 1963–1964 concluded that President Kennedy was assassinated by Lee Harvey Oswald and that Oswald had acted entirely alone. Connally did not dispute this conclusion but did for the rest of his life question the single bullet theory. In 1966, he told the press, "I am convinced beyond any doubt that I was not struck by the first bullet," and added, "but just because I disagree with the Warren Commission on this one finding does not mean I disagree with their over-all findings."

Connally died on June 15, 1993 in Houston, Texas from pulmonary fibrosis, aged 76. When Connally died, forensic pathologist Dr. Cyril Wecht and the Assassination Archives and Research Center petitioned Attorney General Janet Reno to recover the remaining bullet fragments from Connally's body, contending that the fragments would disprove the Warren Commission's single-bullet, single-gunman conclusion. The Justice Department replied that it "...would have no legal authority to recover the fragments unless Connally's family gave [it] permission." Connally's family refused permission.


SpaceX

Space Exploration Technologies Corp. (SpaceX) is an American aerospace company in Hawthorne, California. The company makes and launches space rockets and communications satellites (some of which one can use to have a connection to the internet). SpaceX was founded in 2002 by Elon Musk. SpaceX makes the Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy rockets, some rocket engines, Dragon spacecraft and Starlink satellites.

SpaceX was the first private company to make a rocket that use liquid propellant that reach orbit (Falcon 1 in 2008). SpaceX was also the first private company to successfully launch, orbit, and recover a spacecraft (Dragon in 2010). SpaceX also first landed a astronauts to the International Space Station (Crew Dragon Demo-2 in 2020). SpaceX has launched Falcon 9 rockets over a hundred times.

SpaceX has put a network of Starlink satellites into space. It gives internet service. In 2020, the network (or satellite constellation) became the largest in the world.

As of 2024's first quarter, there are astronauts in space, that were taken there by SpaceX,


In November 2023, the orbital flight test of Super Heavy and Starship, failed; The spaceship and booster separated. The spaceship came to an altitude of 148 km (92 mi). The spaceship was supposed to fly for 90 minutes, but at 8 minutes 5 seconds of flight, the (onboard) Autonomous flight safety system (or "flight termination system") destroyed the spaceship; By that time SpaceX had lost communications with the spacecraft. The flight did not reach orbit. The rocket is supposed to lift 100 metric tons to low Earth orbit and be used many times. The company also has an idea to launch a Starship rocket to Mars.

The company's goal is to make going to space cheap, so humans can colonize Mars.

In 2001, Elon Musk proposed a project to land a small greenhouse to grow plants on Mars. He said, "This would be the furthest that life [... has] ever traveled" in an attempt to get more public interest in space exploration and increase the budget of NASA. Musk tried to buy cheap rockets from Russia but returned empty-handed after not finding rockets for the price he wanted to pay.

Later, Musk realized that he could start a company that could build the rockets he needed. Musk calculated that the raw materials for building a rocket were actually 3% of the price of a rocket at the time, according to Steve Jurvetson (who has invested money in SpaceX). Making around 85% of launch hardware in-house, was one main reason why launch prices could become ten times cheaper; Using ways of easily changing software (or software engineering), was another main reason.

In early 2002, Musk was seeking workers for his new space company, soon to be named SpaceX. Rocket engineer Tom Mueller started to work for Musk. The first headquarters of SpaceX was in a warehouse in El Segundo, California. 

The company has grown from 160 workers in November 2005 to 1,100 in 2010, 3,800 workers and contractors by October 2013, nearly 5,000 by late 2015, and about 6,000 in April 2017. , the company had grown to nearly 7,000. In 2016, Musk gave a speech at the International Astronautical Congress, where he explained that the US government uses rocket technology as an "advanced weapon technology", making it difficult to hire non-Americans.

The Falcon 9 is a working, reusable two-part rocket that is launched using its nine Merlin engines in its first part and a special Merlin engine that was made for places where there is no air. It is powered by liquid oxygen and fuel made for rockets called RP-1. It can hold up to 22,800 kilograms (50,300 pounds), and can also support SpaceX's Dragon vehicle. It is the first rocket able to get into orbit that can get its first part back to earth.

Falcon Heavy is another working, reuseable rocket similar to Falcon 9. However, the Falcon Heavy has a three-core system for its first part instead of the single-core design of the Falcon 9. With the three cores, the rocket's 1st part has 27 Merlin engines. The second part still only has 1 Merlin(Vacuum Version) engine. Currently, Falcon Heavy is the world's most powerful operating rocket and the 4th most powerful rocket in the world. This added power allows the rocket to be able to put 63,800 kg (140,660 lb) into low earth orbit, and 26,700 kg (58,860 lb) into geosynchronous orbit.

On February 6, 2018, the Falcon Heavy took off for the first time at Kennedy Space Center, Florida, from Pad 39A.

The Dragon spacecraft is a cargo capsule that has taken equipment and supplies for the astronauts on the ISS; On other flights it has taken astronauts to ISS. The capsule is put on the Falcon 9 rocket (because the Dragon does not have big enough rockets to fly to space on its own) and flown into orbit. From orbit it separates from the boosters, then the capsule uses its own smaller rockets to get to the ISS. Then the capsule is filled up with old equipment, the results of scientific experiments, and garbage. It then reenters the Earth's atmosphere and parachutes into the ocean. The first flight of Dragon was in June 2010. 

In May 2014, a prototype version of Dragon V2 was shown to the public. It could hold both cargo and astronauts. Another feature of this upgraded version of Dragon - to protect the life of the crew in the event of a failure of Falcon 9 it was fitted with SuperDraco thrusters, which would push the capsule away from the rocket.
The Falcon 1 was SpaceX's first launch vehicle. It launched a total of 5 times, however only the 4th and final flights were successful. Falcon 1, as the name implies, ran on 1 Kestrel engine and could take a maximum of 670 kilograms to orbit.

Another early vehicle was the cancelled Falcon 5, which has 5 Merlin engines on its first stage, and 2 Kestrel on its second stage. It was cancelled in 2007 when it was removed from the company's user guide.

The last flight of a Dragon 1 spacecraft, was on 6 March 2020.

Since SpaceX started in 2002, the company has created three types of rocket engines — Merlin and the retired Kestrel for launch vehicle propulsion, and the Draco control thrusters. SpaceX is currently working on two further rocket engines: SuperDraco and Raptor. The Merlin engine was originally designed for sea recovery and reuse. Kestrel is a Liquid Oxygen/Rocket fuel pressure-fed rocket engine and was used as the Falcon 1 rocket's second stage main engine. Both names for the Merlin and Kestrel engines come from species of North American falcons: the kestrel and the merlin.

Draco are hypergolic liquid-propellant rocket engines that use monomethyl hydrazine fuel and nitrogen tetroxide oxidizer. Each Draco thruster creates of thrust. They are used as reaction control system thrusters on the Dragon spacecraft. SuperDraco engines are a much more powerful version of the Draco thrusters, which were meant to be used for landing and a way to get the capsule away in an emergency on the version 2 Dragon spacecraft, Dragon 2. The idea of using these SuperDraco engines for landing was cancelled in 2017 when it was decided to have a parachute descent and landing in the sea.

Raptor is a new family of methane-fueled engines to be used in its future Starship rockets. Testing versions were test fired in late 2016. On April 3, 2019, SpaceX did a successful test in which the engine was started but the rocket was held down in Texas on its Starhopper vehicle, which ignited the engine while the vehicle remained attached to the ground. On July 24, 2019 SpaceX did a successful test flight of 20 meters up, with its Starhopper test vehicle. On the 28th August 2019 SpaceX's Starhopper prototype did a successful test flight of 150-meters.

In November 2022, the company had 3,236 Starlink satellites that were working while in orbit; The number of Starlink satellites in orbit is 3,271. These satellites work together as a kind of satellite constellation: a Satellite internet constellation.

One goal is to build a network of 4,425 satellites capable of beaming the Internet to the entire world, including remote places which currently do not have Internet access. The Internet service would use 4,425 cross-linked communications satellites in 1,100 km orbits. It started to be made in 2015, and testing satellites were launched on the SpaceX PAZ mission in 2017. SpaceX filed with the US regulatory authorities plans for 7,518 more satellites in non-geosynchronous orbits to provide communications services called the "V-band low-Earth-orbit constellation". it would have 7,518 satellites to follow the [earlier] proposed 4,425 satellites that would function in Ka-band and Ku-band". One goal is to create up to 1,000,000 fixed satellite earth stations that will communicate with its Starlink system. In May 2019, SpaceX launched the first batch of 60 satellites aboard a Falcon 9 from Cape Canaveral, FL.

SpaceX's secondary mission is to reuse rockets, like planes. It first began to test reusability with a prototype called Grasshopper in 2012, as well as controlled soft landings into the water during Falcon 9 launches. In 2014, Grasshopper was replaced by F9R, which was an upgraded version of grasshopper included retractable landing gear and 3 engines, compared to Grasshopper's single engine. Falcon 9 was landed in December on a ground pad, followed by a landing on a drone ship the next year. Currently, SpaceX has landed successfully 48 boosters. Dragon capsules, as well as farings, are also being reused. Reusing parts of rockets greatly reduce costs.

SpaceX has created a family of super-heavy lift rockets, Starship. The rockets have two parts that can be used over and over again.

SpaceX first had a 12-meter-diameter Interplanetary Transport System plan in 2016. It was only planned for Mars travel and other interplanetary uses. In 2017, SpaceX designed a smaller 9-meter-diameter "Big Falcon Rocket" to replace all of SpaceX launch capabilities— Earth-orbit, lunar-orbit, interplanetary missions, and potentially, even earth transit—but do so on a fully reusable set of vehicles with a lower cost structure. Many of the components on Starship are made of 301 stainless steel. 

Musk's long term vision for the company is the creation of technology and means suitable for human colonization on Mars.

In 2006, SpaceX won a NASA Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS) Phase 1 contract to show that the company can take cargo to the ISS; The contract had a possible option for crew flight. This contract was designed by NASA to provide "seed money" through Space Act Agreements for developing new space opportunities. NASA paid SpaceX $396 million to work on the cargo configuration of the Dragon spacecraft. SpaceX spent more than $500 million to develop the Falcon 9 launch vehicle. These Space Act Agreements have saved NASA millions of dollars in development costs, making rocket development ~4-10 times cheaper than if produced by NASA alone.

In December 2010, with the launch of the COTS Demo Flight 1 mission, SpaceX became the first private company to successfully launch, orbit and recover a spacecraft. Dragon was successfully put into orbit, circled the Earth twice, and then made a controlled burn for a water landing in the Pacific Ocean. With Dragon's safe recovery. Before this mission, only government agencies had been able to recover orbital spacecraft.

COTS Demo Flight 2 was launched in May 2012. Dragon successfully connected with the ISS, - the first time that a private spacecraft had accomplished this feat.

Commercial Resupply Services (CRS) are a group of contracts given by NASA from 2008 to 2016 for delivery of cargo and supplies to the ISS on commercially operated spacecraft. The first CRS contracts were signed in 2008 and gave $1.6 billion to SpaceX for 12 cargo sending missions, covering deliveries to 2016. SpaceX CRS-1, the first of the 12 planned resupply missions, launched in October 2012, achieved orbit, connected to and remained on station for 20 days, before re-entering the atmosphere and splashing down in the Pacific Ocean. CRS missions have flown about twice a year to the ISS since then. In 2015, NASA extended the Phase 1 contracts by ordering three more resupply flights from SpaceX. After further extensions late in 2015, SpaceX is to fly a total of 20 missions. A second group of contracts (known as CRS2) were proposed in 2014. They were given in January 2016, for cargo transport flights beginning in 2019 and expected to last through 2024.

The Commercial Crew Development (CCDev) program has made commercially operated spacecraft that has taken astronauts to the ISS. SpaceX did not win a Space Act Agreement in the first round (CCDev 1), but during the second round (CCDev 2), NASA awarded SpaceX a contract worth $75 million to further develop their launch escape system, test a crew accommodations mock-up, and to further progress their Falcon/Dragon crew transportation design. The CCDev program later became Commercial Crew Integrated Capability (CCiCap), and in August 2012, NASA announced that SpaceX had been awarded $440 million to continue development and testing of its Dragon 2 spacecraft.

In September 2014, NASA chose SpaceX and Boeing as the two companies that will be funded to develop systems to transport U.S. crews to and from the ISS. SpaceX won $2.6 billion to complete and certify Dragon 2 by 2017. 

In early 2017, SpaceX was awarded four additional crewed missions to the ISS from NASA to shuttle astronauts back and forth. In early 2019, SpaceX successfully conducted a test flight of Crew Dragon, which it docked (instead of Dragon 1's method of berthing using Canadarm 2) and then splashed down in the Atlantic Ocean.

In January 2020, SpaceX conducted an In-Flight Abort Test, which demonstrated the ability to get away from a rocket in case of a problem. 

The first flight with crew took place on May 30, 2020. The flight launched astronauts Doug Hurley and Bob Behnken to the ISS.



Insulin glargine

Insulin glargine (also known as Lantus) is a diabetic insulin medicine of long-lasting origin that is used to control high blood sugar. The medication is used during the evening or night hours by people having Type 1 diabetes, latent autoimmune diabetes of adults or, rarely, in Type 2 diabetes. The medication is used with other insulins, including mealtime insulin.

Insulin lispro

Insulin lispro, better known as Humalog, is a quick-acting diabetic insulin taken before meals. People having Type 1 diabetes or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults (or rarely, Type 2 diabetes) use the medication. It was first approved in 1996.

Coon

Coon may refer to:

Dysthymia

Dysthymia (also called dysthymic disorder or neurotic depression) is a type of mental illness called a mood disorder. People with dysthymia have depression that is mild to moderate and lasts for a long time, sometimes years. A person must have symptoms for at least two years to qualify for a diagnosis of dysthymia.

The symptoms of dysthymia and major depressive disorder are similar. Both disorders can have serious effects on the body, mind, and emotions. Physical symptoms can include changes in appetite, low energy, feeling tired, and trouble sleeping. Mental symptoms include difficulty making decisions or concentrating. Emotionally, people with either disorder often feel hopeless and have low self-esteem. These symptoms are usually less severe with dysthymia.

In comparison to people with major depressive disorder, people with dysthymia may think about suicide and try to kill themselves. Dysthymia does not involve mania, hypomania (mild forms of mania), or mixed episodes (where a person has symptoms of both depression and mania).

Sometimes, people with dysthymia have "double depression." This happens when a person with dysthymia has episodes of major depression (where their depression gets much worse) on top of their existing dysthymia.

Dysthymia usually affects adults, though it can affect teenagers. People who are diagnosed early (before age 22) usually have more severe relapses (where they return to being dysthymic after having been healthy), and are more likely to have other mental illnesses along with their dysthymia.

Fibromyalgia

Fibromyalgia is a condition with chronic pain. The exact causes are not known. However, symptoms are not totally restricted to the pain. There are also sleep disturbances, joint stiffness and severe fatigue. The problem sometimes exists along with depression, stress and anxiety. Fibromyalgia affects mostly women, though men can also be affected. Adults are usually the victims, although children may also be affected.

A Single Man

A Single Man is a 2009 American drama movie. It is set in Los Angeles, California on November 30, 1962 and stars Colin Firth as a depressed, English, gay, professor thinking about committing suicide. Julianne Moore plays his best friend. This movie got very positive reviews by the critics.

University of Costa Rica

The University of Costa Rica () is a public university in the Republic of Costa Rica, in Central America. Its main campus is Ciudad Universitaria Rodrigo Facio. It is located in San Pedro Montes de Oca, in the province of San José. It is the oldest, largest, and most prestigious university in Costa Rica. It is also the most important research university in Central America. About 39,000 students attend UCR each year.

The University of Costa Rica is currently in the top 500 best universities worldwide, ranking at #1826 world-wide, and at #81 Latin America-wise.

The Boat Race

The Boat Race is a rowing race that happens every year in London. It is a race between the boat clubs of Cambridge University and Oxford University. The crews are made up of students. These two universities have a strong tradition in rowing and a strong rivalry between them.

The course is 4 miles long, along the River Thames. The first boat race was in 1829, and it is usually held on the last Sunday of March or the first Sunday of April. During the World Wars, the Boat Race did not happen. It is a very important sporting event in the United Kingdom. Millions of people watch it on television. In 2009, more than 250,000 people watched it along the river.

As of 2013, Cambridge has won the race 81 times and Oxford 77.

The 166th Boat Race will take place on the River Great Ouse on Sunday 4 April. It will start at Ely in Cambridgeshire. The reason is that Hammersmith Bridge on the Thames is unsafe, and the coronavirus dangers are greater in London.

Carle Thulka

Carle Thulka, also known as Lake Maurice, is a salt lake in South Australia. It is the largest of many salt lakes in the eastern end of the Great Victoria Desert. It is normally dry, except during and after periods of heavy rainfall. When it is full, the lake covers an area of around . It is part of the geological basin known as the Officer Basin. The smaller Lake Dey Dey is to the north. Since 1985, Carle Thulka is part of the lands belonging to the Maralinga Tjarutja, a southern branch of the Pitjantjatjara. The community of Oak Valley is near the western shore of the lake.

The exposed surface of the lake normally consists of dry clay, silt or sand, covered with a salty crust. The area around Carle Thulka is very dry. Two wells have been drilled to the southeast and northwest of Carle Thulka, to search for uranium and other minerals. Both wells yield very low levels of groundwater. The water contains high levels of salt. It has also been found to contain radium and sediments from the Cambrian era.

The lake is named after the explorer Richard Maurice. Maurice went on at least eight expeditions to the Great Victoria Desert between 1897 and 1903. He was not the first European to pass through this region: Ernest Giles and his team had explored the area almost 20 years before. Giles saw the lake in 1875, but he did not give it a name. He described the area as barren, and wrote that he and his team found no game between Carle Thulka and the Western Australian border. Maurice, in his own expeditions, recorded information and collected specimens on the plants, animals and geology of the area. In 1904, a mining surveyor named Frank George led a prospecting expedition through this region. He used Maurice's camels and equipment and travelled northwest of Lake Dey Dey and across the border to the salt lakes in Western Australia. George named Lake Maurice, and he reported that the area was not likely to contain anything suitable for mining.

The area around Carle Thulka was affected by the nuclear-weapon tests done during the 1950s. Dozens of Aboriginal families were removed from their ancestral lands and settled in towns far to the north (Ernabella), south (Yalata and Ooldea) and west (Cundeelee and Warburton). In the late 1940s, a single officer, Walter MacDougall, was sent to warn people in the area of the coming tests. The fallout from the hydrogen bombs was expected to harm or kill anyone within range. Officially, all were forced to leave their lands and were not allowed within 200 km of ground zero. Given that only one officer and an assistant were assigned to warn the people who lived across this huge area, many of the people were never informed, nor did they leave the area. Planes dropped information leaflets across the area, but the natives could not read the leaflets and were wary or afraid of the aircraft.


Serpentine Lakes

The Serpentine Lakes is a chain of salt lakes in the Great Victoria Desert of Australia. It runs for almost along the border between South Australia and Western Australia. When full, the lakes cover an area of . Most of it is located in the Mamungari Conservation Park. The Anne Beadell Highway crosses the northernmost arm of the lake.

The Serpentine Lakes are considered an important wetlands area. They form part of a major palaeo-drainage system, an ancient and inactive drainage system from the Palaeozoic era. The surface of the lake normally consists of dry clay, silt and sand, and is covered with a salty crust. The sediment is mostly quartz arenite. The lakes form the main channel of the palaeo-drainage system. Other channels are covered by dunes and are not well defined.

Tektites high in magnesium have been found in these lakes.

Google Translate

<nowiki>"Google Translate"</nowiki> is a machine translation website from Google that can translate text between different languages. It can translate words, sentences, documents and web pages between any combination of 133 supported languages as of 11th May, 2022. It was launched on April 28, 2006 and has always been free to use.

Google Translate can do more than just show the translation of words. It can also show how to pronounce (say) the word using text-to-speech, and show the definition (meaning) like a dictionary. More recently, it also lets the community make changes or suggestions, for example, if the computer made a wrong translation. This is very much like how one can contribute to websites like Google Maps and Wikipedia.

As of 2024, the following <onlyinclude>133</onlyinclude> languages are supported by Google Translate.

The following languages are not yet supported by Google Translate, but are available in the Translate Community. As of 2024, there are 126 languages in development and 25 of them are in beta version.

On 11th of May, 2022, Google Translate adds 24 new languages from around the world. Out of the 24 languages, 8 are from India. The newly supported languages are: Assamese, Aymara, Bambara, Bhojpuri, Dhivehi, Dogri, Ewe, Guarani, Ilocano, Konkani, Krio, Kurdish (Sorani), Lingala, Luganda, Maithili, Meiteilon (Manipuri), Mizo, Oromo, Quechua, Sanskrit, Sepedi, Tigrinya, Tsonga, and Twi.


Lake Dey Dey

Lake Dey Dey is a salt lake in South Australia. It is one of many salt lakes in the eastern end of the Great Victoria Desert. It is normally dry, except during and after periods of heavy rainfall. It is part of the geological basin known as the Officer Basin. The larger Lake Maurice is to the south. Since 1985, Lake Dey Dey is part of the lands belonging to the Maralinga Tjarutja, a southern branch of the Pitjantjatjara. The community of Oak Valley is located nearby to the southwest.

The surface of the lake normally consists of dry clay, silt or sand, covered with a salty crust. The area around Lake Dey Dey is very dry. Groundwater contains high levels of salt.

The lake is culturally important to the Maralinga Tjarutja people. Both Dey Dey and Lake Maurice have ' (Dreaming stories) associated with them, and some parts of Dey Dey are restricted so that only men who have been initiated have access. The major ' associated with Lake Dey Dey relates to , an ancestral spirit represented by the eastern grey kangaroo.

Bess Armstrong

Elizabeth Key "Bess" Armstrong (December 11, 1953) is an American actress. She got her start in acting on stage. Armstrong has done most of her acting on television but has been in some movies. She starred in the 1986 movie "Nothing in Common" with Tom Hanks and Jackie Gleason.

Armstrong was born in Baltimore, Maryland. 

Samuel Witwer

Samuel Weiler "Sam" Witwer IV (born October 20, 1977) is an American actor and musician. He has appeared in individual episodes of many television shows as well as minor recurring characters in shows including "Battlestar Galactica". 


 

Highgate

Highgate is a wealthy suburban area in north London. It is partly in the London Borough of Camden, partly in the London Borough of Islington and partly in the London Borough of Haringey.

Finchley

Finchley is a suburban area of the London Borough of Barnet in north London.

Boeing 720

The Boeing 720 is a jet airliner. It has two rows of seats, which means that it is a narrow-body airliner. It has four engines. The Boeing 720 was designed by Boeing in the 1950s. It was based on the Boeing 707, but the 720 is shorter and cannot fly as far. The 720 first took off in November 1959. Airlines began to use it in July 1960.

Two versions of the plane were made. The first one had Pratt & Whitney JT3C turbojet engines and was first used in 1960. The second one is called the 720B, and it has Pratt & Whitney JT3D turbofan engines. It was first used in 1961. Some 720s were changed to 720Bs.

Only 154 Boeing 720s were built, but it still made Boeing a lot of money because it did not cost a lot to design.

The Boeing 720 was replaced by the Boeing 727.

Boeing said it would make a new type of Boeing 707 in July 1957. At first, the new plane was called the "707-020", but it was changed to "720". The Boeing 720 is shorter than the Boeing 707.

The 720 had a lot of changes made to the outside of the plane. These changes helped the 720 fly faster than the 707−120. It had four Pratt & Whitney JT3C-7 turbojet engines. The engines made of thrust each.

At one point while the plane was being designed, it was called the "717-020". However, Boeing used the name "717" for a military jet, but this was changed to the MD-95 after Boeing bought McDonnell Douglas in 1997.

Since the plane was so similar to the Boeing 707, no prototype Boeing 720 was needed. Any new systems were tested on the Boeing 367-80. The first 720 took off on November 23, 1959. It was first used by United Airlines, on July 5, 1960. 65 720s were made.

The "720B" was a different type of 720. It had JT3D turbofan engines. These engines made of thrust each. The JT3D engines burned less fuel and could make more thrust. The first 720B took off on October 6, 1960. The first airline to use it was American Airlines in March 1961. 89 720Bs were made. American Airlines also changed some of their normal 720s to 720Bs.

Since the Boeing 720 was so similar to the Boeing 707, it did not cost much to design. This meant that it still earned Boeing money, even though not many planes were sold. Boeing made 154 Boeing 720s and 720Bs from 1959 until 1967.

Although the Boeing 720 was similar to the Boeing 707-120, it was 9 ft (2.73 m) shorter. It was also lighter.

The 707 had emergency exits over the wings. These are called over-wing emergency exits. The back over-wing exit was removed. Two extra over-wing exits could be put in so that the plane could hold more passengers.

The 720's wing was taken from the 707, but some changes were made to it. The 720 had the same wingspan as the 707-120. For the 720, the wing had something called a wing root glove. This glove helped the wing make less drag.

Although the 720 first had turbojet engines, the Pratt & Whitney JT3D was much more popular. The JT3D was a turbofan engine. 720s which had the JT3D were called 720Bs. American Airlines changed some of their normal 720s to 720Bs.

The 720 used the engines to make air to pressurize the cabin. However, the engines could not make enough air to do this, so some small holes were put in above the engines for more air.

The Boeing 720 did not have an APU, so it needed power from the ground to power the plane until the engines were started (the engines could make electricity for the plane).

The first Boeing 720 was for United Airlines. It first flew on November 23, 1959. United Airlines first used the plane on July 5, 1960. It flew from Los Angeles to Denver and then Chicago. American Airlines was the second airline to use the 720. The Boeing 720 was replaced by the Boeing 727 during the 1960s.

The first 720 had its name changed to "The Starship". It was turned into a private plane used by rock bands. Led Zeppelin used it most, in the 1970s. A bar was put in, as well as beds, a shower, a lounge area, a TV and video cassette player.

Honeywell used the last Boeing 720 in the United States. It flew from Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport. Honeywell used it for testing. Honeywell got rid of this plane on June 21 and 22, 2008. Honeywell replaced their Boeing 720 with a Boeing 757.

Pratt & Whitney Canada used the last 720 until 2010. It was used to test new engines. Pratt & Whitney Canada it with a Boeing 747SP. In May 2012, flown to the National Air Force Museum of Canada. It can now be seen there.



These airlines got new Boeing 720/720Bs:

The Boeing 720 has had 23 hull-loss accidents. It has been hijacked nine times. One plane was destroyed by a bomb in 1976. People died in 12 of the hull-loss accidents. 256 people have died on Boeing 720s. The three worst accidents were:


Sources: Boeing




King's Royal Hussars

The King's Royal Hussars are a cavalry regiment in the British Army.

Pope Pius I

Pope Pius I (; died 154) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 10th Pope, the official title is the Bishop of Rome from 140 until his death in 154.

Pius was born at Aquileia, in Northern Italy.

Pius became pope in 140. 

He was the first sole Bishop of Rome during his reign. Previously, the Bishop of Rome was a council of Bishops with the Pope being the head of the council. His feast day is celebrated on July 11.



National Institute of Statistics and Census of Costa Rica

The National Institute of Statistics and Census of Costa Rica (Spanish: "Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Censos de Costa Rica", or "INEC") is the government institution in charge of censuses and official surveys in the country. The main office is located in San José.

INEC was first called "Oficina Central de Estadística" in 1861. Later, in 1951, it was called "Dirección General de Estadística y Censos", until 1998, when INEC was its legal name. INEC ran its first census in 1864, and the last one was the 10th population and the 6th dwellings census, held in June 2011.



Liberia, Costa Rica

Liberia is the capital and largest city of Guanacaste province in Costa Rica. The city is northwest of the national capital, San José. Liberia is often called "la ciudad blanca" (the white city) by its residents because of the white gravel once used to make the city’s roads and the whitewashed colonial houses that once made up a large part of the city.

Nicoya

Nicoya is a town in Costa Rica's Guanacaste Province. It is one of the most important tourist zones. It serves as a transport hub to Guanacaste's beaches and national parks. The town is also the capital of the "cantón" of the same name (Nicoya Canton).

The town was built in an old colonial style. It was built in the Cordillera Volcánica de Guanacaste. Agriculture and cattle are the town's main economic activity.

In early 2006, a group of researchers led by adventure writer Dan Buettner and supported by National Geographic Magazine, the National Institute for Aging, and Alliance Healthcare, designated Nicoya as a Blue Zone. This designation is granted to global regions that are characterized by the longest life expectancies. Among the ideal Nicoyan lifestyle characteristics cited by the research were the water’s high calcium content, intense daily physical activity, year-long fruit consumption, and close inter-generational relationships.

While the town elected 61 year old Lorenzo Rosales Vargas as mayor on December 3, 2006 he was only able to serve for about a year before quitting due to health reasons. Since May 5, 2008 Eduardo Gutiérrez Rosales has been holding the office instead as Nicoya's first supply mayor. They are both members of the National Liberation Party (PLN).

Lens (optics)

A lens is a clear (transparent) object (like glass, plastic or even a drop of water) that changes the way things look by bending the light that goes through it. They may make things appear larger, smaller, or upside-down. Some places lenses are used include spectacles (eyeglasses), contact lenses, cameras, projectors, microscopes, telescopes, magnifying glasses, etc. Each eye also has a lens. 

They work by refraction, or the bending of light.

Lenses have three main shapes. Each different shape changes the image (making it bigger or smaller). The three types are:

The power of a lens is the reciprocal of its focal length:
P = 1/focal length.

The word "lens" comes from the Latin word for "lentil," because the earliest convex lenses in common use were shaped like the bean.

The oldest written record of lenses is in the ancient Greek play by Aristophanes called "Clouds", where lenses were used with sunlight to make fire.

Galileo Galilei is commonly believed to have used lenses to make the first known refracting telescope. However, he merely adapted and improved a design he learned from Dutch lensmakers such as Hans Lippershey. He was probably the first to use telescopes to make accurate astronomical observations, though.


Khuiratta

Khuiratta () is a town of the Kotli District in Azad Kashmir. In has been the headquarters of the district subdivision since 2010.

Lauren Alaina

Lauren Alaina Kristine Suddeth (born November 8, 1994) is an American country singer. She placed second on the 10th season of "American Idol". Her album "Wildflower" was released in 2011. She is from Rossville, Georgia. 


Banjo-Tooie

Banjo-Tooie is a platformer video game for the Nintendo 64 game console released in 2000. It was made by Rare and published by Nintendo. It is the sequel to "Banjo-Kazooie".

The main characters are a bear named Banjo and an orange bird named Kazooie. The game takes place two years after "Banjo-Kazooie". It follows Banjo and Kazooie as they try to stop the evil witch Gruntilda Winkybunion and her sisters, Mingella and Blobbelda, from bringing back Gruntilda's body to its original form.

The game was released on the Xbox 360's Xbox Live Arcade service on April 29, 2009.

Stockton-on-Tees

Stockton-on-Tees is a medium-sized town in the Borough of Stockton-on-Tees in County Durham.

Cashback reward program

When payment is made with credit card, sellers pay small percentage of the transaction to their bank or merchant. Many credit card companies, especially those in the United Kingdom and United States, share the commission with the owner of card by giving him money bonus, points that can be exchanged for prizes and discounts once some level of purchases is reached. A monetary benefit is known as cashback, sometimes pronounced as two separate words in the United States - (cash back). Usual cashback amount is between 0.5% and 2% of buyers net spending (purchases minus refunds and tax) as a yearly bonus, which is either added to the credit card account or paid by cheque, cash or wire to the participant.

Recently, major card issuers have increased cashback amount to 5% for purchases especially in grocery stores and petrol stations.

In most cases bonuses like cashback are offered to customers that pay off their credit debt on time every month.

Canton (country subdivision)

A canton is a type of administrative division of a country. Generally, cantons have fewer people and are smaller than other administrative divisions like counties, departments, or provinces. 

Cantons exist in many countries. The best-known cantons and the most politically important are those of Switzerland. The Swiss cantons are semi-sovereign.

Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia

Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia (March 10, 1900 – June 9, 1970) was the president of Costa Rica from 1940 to 1944.

Calderón was born on 10 March 1900 in San José. In his youth, Calderón studied in Costa Rica, France and Belgium, where he married Yvonne Clays Spoelders, who was later the first female diplomat of Costa Rica. After finishing his studies, Calderón became a practicing surgeon, which he would remain for most of his early career.

Karen Black

Karen Black (July 1, 1939 – August 8, 2013) was an American actress, screenwriter, singer and songwriter. She has acted in many movies. These include "The Great Gatsby", "Airport 1975" and "Easy Rider". Black has won 2 Golden Globe Awards for "Best Performance by an Actress In A Supporting Role in a Motion Picture".

She was born in Park Ridge, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, Illinois. She was the daughter of Elsie Mary (née Reif), a writer of several prize-winning children's novels, and Norman Arthur Ziegler. Her paternal grandfather was Arthur Charles Ziegler, a classical musician and first violinist for the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Her sister is actress Gail Brown. Black was of German, Czech and Norwegian ancestry.

Black was married four times. She had two children.

Black died on August 8, 2013 in Santa Monica, California from ampullary cancer, aged 74.


Pit Corder

Pit Corder (6 October 1918 - 27 January 1990) was a professor of linguistics at the University of Edinburgh. His important work was studying errors that language learners make. This is called error analysis. He was the first chairman of the British Association for Applied Linguistics, 1967-70.

Pit Corder was born at 4 Bootham Terrace, York, into a Quaker family. His full name was Stephen Pit Corder. His father, Philip Corder (b. 1885), was a schoolteacher from an English family, and his mother, Johanna Adriana van der Mersch (b. 1887), was Dutch. Pit studied at Bootham School, a Quaker boarding school near York. His father was a master at the school. Corder studied modern languages at Merton College, Oxford University, from 1936 to 1939.

After Oxford, Corder began teaching at Great Ayton Friends' School. Then, during World War II, he was in the Friends' Ambulance Unit in Finland and Egypt. He did not have to be a soldier because he was a conscientious objector. In 1946 Corder married Nancy Proctor (b. 1916), his second cousin. They had two sons and a daughter.

After the war, Corder worked for the British Council in Austria, Turkey, Jamaica and Colombia. During this time he taught classes, worked on syllabus design, and prepared new language-teaching materials. In 1957 Corder joined the school of applied linguistics at the University of Edinburgh. However, he still worked for the British Council at the same time. The British Council needed specialists in applied linguistics because it was expanding language teaching programs around the world. Corder studied for the diploma in applied linguistics to help the Council. He taught at Edinburgh University for over twenty years until he retired in 1983.

Tracy D. Terrell

Tracy Dale (David) Terrell (June 23, 1943 – December 2, 1991) was an American professor, linguist and education theorist who wrote "The Natural Approach" along with Stephen Krashen. The Natural Approach is a way of teaching language, or methodology. In this methodology, learners should be exposed to a lot of language. The approach also says that lowering effective or emotional barriers to learning is important. He published textbooks for college level languages. Dos Mundos Spanish, Deux Monde French, and Kontakte German based on Natural Approach theory.

Tracy D. Terrell graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a PhD in linguistics. He became an important American Hispanist and theoretical linguist. He taught at the University of California, Irvine from 1970 until 1985. Then, he took a job in the linguistics department at the at the University of California, San Diego. He retired in 1989, and finally died of AIDS in 1991. Along with Stephen Krashen, he developed the “Natural Approach” to second language learning. This was a popular way of teaching second languages. He was also well known and respected for his work in Hispanic linguistics. Dr. Terrell was fluent in Spanish, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Dutch Greek



Merrill Swain

Merrill Swain is a professor emerita of second-language education at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education, University of Toronto. She developed the output hypothesis. This idea about second-language acquisition says that learners cannot become very good at the grammar of a language only by taking in language and trying to understand it. They must also speak to learn. Swain also worked with Michael Canale on communicative competence. Swain was the president of the American Association for Applied Linguistics in 1998. She received her PhD at the University of California.



Magnetar

A magnetar is a type of neutron star with an extremely powerful magnetic field.

It is known as the largest and the most powerful type of magnet existing in the Universe. It has the most powerful magnetic field at 10 gauss. The theory regarding these objects was proposed by Robert Duncan and Christopher Thompson in 1992, but the first recorded gamma ray burst thought to have been from a magnetar had been detected on March 5, 1979. Magnetars were previously named as Anomalous X-ray Pulsars (AXPs). 

Ravindra Prabhat

Ravindra Prabhat (born April 5, 1969) is a Hindi-language poet, scholar, journalist, novelist and short story writer from India. He has been an administrator, editor, researcher, and screenplay writer. He writes for a major daily newspaper as a historian. He has received several awards.

Fiction

Non-fiction

Documentaries

Poetry collections

Magazines

"Ravindra Prabhat Ki Parikalpana aur Blog alochana karm"(2017) (Hindi)

Negligent homicide

Negligent homicide is the crime of killing a person unintentionally through negligence. For example, someone might write a text message while driving a car, instead of paying attention to the road. If that makes them hit and kill someone, that is negligent homicide.

It is a lesser crime than murder or manslaughter and the sentences are lower.

Crime of passion

The term crime of passion refers to a criminal act in which the perpetrator commits a crime against someone else due to strong impulse (for example, grief or heartbreak) rather than in the premeditated fashion. For example, the wife may take her revenge on a person with whom a husband may have had an affair, or vice versa. This is known by the term "temporary insanity" in the United States. 

Chancellor (education)

A chancellor is a leader of a university or a college. This title is mainly used in the Commonwealth nations. In other countries, such as the United States, it is more common to call him/her the university president.

The chancellor is often just a ceremonial figure. This means he or she does not make many decisions inside the University. He/She is just a person who is chosen to represent the University at official events and with other organizations. In this case, the Chancellor might not even live close to the University or take part in meetings there. For example, at the University of Cambridge the chancellor is a person who has done something important in his life, and is in some way connected to the University. Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh was the Chancellor at Cambridge for 36 years.

The vice-chancellor of a university is instead the chief executive. He/She is the one that makes all the decisions, goes at regular meetings and has the day-to-day duties to do. The vice-chancellor is often very closely linked to the University: for example, he/she might be a fellow there, who decides to take on additional responsibilities. The vice-chancellor might also represent the university at important events if the chancellor is not available.

Neck (body part)

The neck is the part of the body that connects the head to the trunk. 

The neck contains the cervical spine (the bones in the neck) many important blood vessels, the trachea (through which breathing is done) the larynx (where the voice comes from) the esophagus, lymph nodes, muscles, nerves, connective tissue, and skin. Blood vessels include Carotid artery and Jugular vein.

White-headed capuchin

The white-headed capuchin ("Cebus capucinus") is a medium-sized New World monkey. It is a member of the family Cebidae and the subfamily Cebinae. The monkey is also known as the white-faced capuchin or the white-throated capuchin. It lives in the forests of Central America and the northwestern part of South America. The white-headed Capuchin is important to rain forests because it spreads seeds and pollen.

It is a very intelligent monkey that has been trained to assist paraplegic people.

The monkey is medium-sized. It can weigh up to . Their color is mostly black. They have a pink face. They also have white on the front part of the body. It has a prehensile coiled tail. It is used to help support the monkey on a branch.

The white-headed capuchin can eat many different types of food. These include fruit, plants, insects and small vertebrates. The monkey lives in troops. (groups) these groups can have more than 20 animals, both males and females. the animal is noted for its ability to use tools. They are known to rub plants on their fur as a herbal medicine. They can also use tools as weapons and for getting food. The monkey is known to live for over 54 years.

The white-headed Capuchin was first described by Carolus Linnaeus in his 18th century work, "Systema Naturae". It is a member of the family Cebidae. It is part of the family of New World monkeys. It is part of the genus "Cebus". It is part of the "C. capucinus" species group. 

Some scientists think there are three subspecies of white-headed Capuchin:

The white-headed Capuchin has mostly black fur. It has white or yellow fur on the neck, throat, chest, shoulders, and upper arms. The face is pink or a white-cream color. The face can have marks like dark brows or dark fur patches. There is also an area of black fur on the top of the head.

The body of an adult monkeys can be between in length plus the tail. They can weight of up to . The tail can be as long as . Males are larger than females.

The white-headed capuchin is an omnivore. Its mainly eats fruit and insects. It find food at all levels of the forest. It also finds food on the ground. To find food, it uses many methods. These include taking the bark off of trees, searching through leaf litter, breaking dead tree branches and rolling over rocks. They also use stones to break open hard fruits. 
Fruit is between 50% and 67% or more of their diet. In one study, white-headed capuchins ate 95 different fruit species. Its favorite fruits includefigs from the family Moraceae, mangos and related fruits from the family Anacardiaceae and fruits from the family Rubiaceae. It normally only eats ripe fruit. It typically eats only the pulp and juice. The monkey spits out the seeds and fibers. It also east flowers, young leaves and bromeliads. The bromelids are also used as a water source. 

The insects they eat include beetle larvae, butterfly and moth caterpillars, ants, and wasps. They also eat the larvae of and ants and wasps. It eats larger animals such as birds, bird eggs, frogs, lizards, crabs and mollusks. The amount of vertebrates eaten is different for each troop. Even troops ;icing next to each other can have large differences in their diets.

The diet can vary between the rainy and dry season. Some tribes will eat many types of fruits in the rainy season and during the dry season, they eat mostly insects, ant and wasp larvae and vertebrates. Access to water can also be a problem during the dry season. The white-headed capuchin likes to drink every day. In forests where water holes dry up, there can be competition between troops over water holes.

The white-headed Capuchin has a polygamous mating system. The male mates with many females. The dominant male is normally the father of most of the young. Dominant males avoid breeding with their own daughters who are members of the troop. This is rare among New World monkeys.

The gestation period is 5 to 6 months. A single young is normally born from each pregnancy. Twins can sometimes be born. Most births happen from December to April. The baby is carried on the mother's back for about 6 weeks. After 4 to 5 weeks the baby can get off from its mother's back for a short period of time. At 3 months, it can move around by itself. Weaning happens between 6 and 12 months. It is common for Capuchins other than the mother help care for the infant. Males and females engage in this alloparenting.

The white-headed Capuchin matures slowly. It takes 3 years for a capuchin to reach sexual maturity. Females normally give birth for the first time at 7 years old. They give birth every 26 months. Males reach maturity at 10 years old. 

The white-headed Capuchin lives in Central America and a small part of South America. In South America the white-headed Capuchin lives in the north-western part between the Pacific Ocean and the Andes Mountains in Colombia and Ecuador. It is one of the most commonly monkeys in Central America's national parks.

It is very common in Costa Rica and Panama, but the monkey has been thrown out from Honduras and much of Nicaragua. Many Honduran Capuchin monkeys were moved to the island of Roatán. Nany of the Nicaraguan Capuchin monkeys were captured and moved to the island of Ometepe.


Barbara Acklin

Barbara Acklin (February 28, 1943 – November 27, 1998) was an American soul singer and songwriter. She was very popular in the 1960s and 1970s. She had several hit singles, including "Love Makes a Woman". She was born in Oakland, California and raised in Chicago. Acklin later moved to Omaha, Nebraska. She died there from pneumonia when she was 55.

Lola Albright

Lola Albright (July 20, 1924 – March 23, 2017) was an American actress. She has been in many movies. She was a fashion model before her acting career. Albright was born and raised in Akron, Ohio.

Albright died at her home in Toluca Lake, California on March 23, 2017, aged 92.

Martha Byrne

Mary Martha Byrne (December 23, 1969) is an American television actress. She appears mostly in soap operas. She played Lily in "As the World Turns". She played Andrea in "General Hospital". She was born in Ridgewood, New Jersey. 

Georges Appert

Georges Appert (1850 – 1934) was a French historian, writer and Japan studies expert. He was a professor of law at the University of Tokyo. 

Appert was a government advisor in Japan from 1879 to 1889.

In an overview of writings by and about Appert, OCLC/WorldCat lists roughly 26 works in 43 publications in 5 languages and 132 library holdings. Some of the works are:



Rosanne Cash

Rosanne Cash (born May 24, 1955 ) is an American singer, songwriter and author. She originally did country music, but then expanded to pop, folk and rock music. Cash has had many hit songs during her singing career. She is the daughter of Johnny Cash. Rosanne Cash was born in Memphis, Tennessee. She moved to Nashville in 1981, and New York City almost nine years later.

Semiotics of culture

Semiotics of culture is a field of semiotics which explains the phenomena of culture as created by sign processes (semiosis) used in communication.

Semiotics of culture was established by Juri Lotman (University of Tartu) and his colleagues in Moscow and elsewhere.

Carrie Brownstein

Carrie Rachel Brownstein (born September 27, 1974) is an American singer, guitarist and actor. She sings with the band Wild Flag. Brownstein plays indie and alternative rock music. Since 2011, she has acted on the sketch comedy television series "Portlandia".

Brownstein was born in Seattle, Washington. She grew up in Redmond, Washington and lives in Portland, Oregon. In 2010, she stated that she is bisexual.

Deep brain stimulation

Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) is a surgery where doctors put wires that can carry corrective electric signals inside a patient's brain. Electronic equipment located outside the brain can then send signals to specific parts of the person's brain. DBS is used to treat many diseases. DBS has been used to treat pain disorder, Parkinson's disease, major depressive disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and Tourette syndrome. The Food and Drug Administration approved DBS as a treatment for tremors in 1997, for Parkinson's disease in 2002, Tourette syndrome in 1999, and dystonia in 2003. DBS is helpful for most patients but there can be serious complications and side effects.

Parkinson's disease is a neurological syndrome characterized by tremor, hypokinesia, rigidity, and postural instability. DBS does not cure Parkinson's, but it can help reduce symptoms and improve the patient’s life. DBS is only used for patients whose symptoms cannot be controlled with medications.

DBS was approved in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of Parkinson's in 2002. DBS carries the risks of major surgery, with a complication rate related to the experience of the surgical team. The major complications include hemorrhage (1–2%) and infection (3–5%).

Deep brain stimulation has been used in a few patients to treat major depressive disorder(MDD). It is hard to find a good target in the brain for DBS because there are few patients that have had DBS for MDD.

A study of DBS for major depressive disorder and Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) looked at 23 patients — nine for OCD, seven for MDD, and one for both. It found that "about half the patients did show dramatic improvement" and that there were few side effects and complications.

DBS for treatment resistant depression can be as effective as antidepressants, but side effects and complications need to be watched. Common side effects for DBS for MDD include infection, headache, bad mood, and suicidal thoughts.

In 1999, DBS was approved for Tourette syndrome - an inherited neurological disorder. Deep brain stimulation is used to treat patients with severe Tourette syndrome when medication does not help the patient. Many patients have fewer symptoms after DBS. In some patients, the DBS is only put on one side of the brain. This can reduce symptoms and patients may have fewer side effects when the stimulation is only put on one side of the brain.

There are two places in the brain where the stimulation is placed. The stimulation is either put in the thalamus or the globus pallidus pars interna. The thalamus is a more common target for DBS, but both targets can reduce symptoms. The best target for treating Tourette Syndrome with DBS is not yet defined.

In 2012, a literature review showed some slowed onset of dementia and memory loss in six Alzheimer's disease patients who had DBS.

In August 2007, US scientists used DBS on a 38-year-old man who was in a coma for six years because of a head injury. The patient was able to wake up, open his eyes, and turn his head in response to talking. After more DBS, the patient could name objects and use his hands. He could also drink liquid and eat food by mouth. Although DBS has worked for some patients with head injuries, DBS may not work for every patient with serious head injury and/or coma.

DBS has been used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) The use of DBS for OCD is one of the most successful uses of DBS for any disease. It is not understood why DBS is so successful for OCD.

DBS is helpful for some patients, but other patients have side effects and complications. Patients may experience side effects of apathy, hallucinations, addiction to gambling, hypersexuality, cognitive problems, and depression. However, these may be temporary and related to correct placement and calibration of the stimulator. Some side effects can go away after some time.

Because the brain can move a little during surgery, there is the possibility that the electrodes can move out of place. This may cause more complications like personality changes. Electrode movement is easy to find using a CT scan.
There may also be complications of surgery, such as bleeding within the brain.

In an rare case, a patient with severe Tourette's Syndrome had very severe side effects and complications. The patient suffered from opisthotonus- when the muscles are contracted without the patient's control. The patient later died from other infections.

Laura Pausini

Laura Pausini, (; born 16 May 1974) is an Italian pop singer-songwriter. She sings both in Italian and Spanish, as well as in Portuguese, English, French, Catalan and Latin.

She is a judge on the Spanish and Mexican versions of "The Voice" and also a judge on the Spanish version of "The X Factor".

In 2022, she was one of the presenters of the Eurovision Song Contest 2022.



Jane Henson

Jane Henson (Jane Ann Nebel; June 16, 1934 – April 2, 2013) was an American puppeteer and the widow of puppeteer Jim Henson.

Henson was born on June 16, 1934 in St. Albans, Queens, New York City. She studied at the University of Maryland, College Park. Henson was married to Jim Henson from 1959 until they separated in 1986. They had 5 children. Henson died on April 2, 2013 in her home in Greenwich, Connecticut from cancer, aged 78.

Maria Redaelli

Maria Granoli (Maria Redaelli; 3 April 1899 – 2 April 2013) was an Italian supercentenarian. At the time of her death, just one day shy of her 114th birthday, she was the oldest living person in Italy, the oldest living person in Europe, and the 4th oldest living person in the world behind Jiroemon Kimura, Misao Okawa and Gertrude Weaver (Weaver's case was confirmed in 2014, which after Maria Redaelli's death.).

Redaelli was born on 3 April 1899 in Inzago (Province of Milan), Lombardy, Italy. She was married to Gaspare Granoli until his death. They had two children; one died. Redaelli died on 2 April 2013 (just one day away from her 114th birthday) in her home in Filanda, Lombardy, Italy from natural causes, aged 113. After that, Emma Morano become the oldest living person in Italy and Europe.

Hotel for Dogs (movie)

Hotel for Dogs is a 2009 American children's comedy movie. It is based on the 1971 Lois Duncan book of the same name. The movie was directed by Thor Freudenthal and adapted by Jeff Lowell and Mark McCorkle.


Tomkinson Ranges

The Tomkinson Ranges is a mountain range in the northwest corner of South Australia. The range consists of sandstone hills, surrounded by spinifex grasslands. Several rock holes are located in and around the hills.

The mountains were named after politician Samuel Tomkinson (1851–1900). The explorer William Gosse named them when he passed through the region in the early 1870s. Ernest Giles and his team reached the ranges shortly after, and set up a base here from which to explore the Gibson and Great Victoria Deserts. Numerous prospecting expeditions were made through the region until the 1930s.

Together with the Mann Ranges, the Tomkinson Ranges are an important part of the Pitjantjatjara homeland. The communities of Kalka and Pipalyatjara are located at the base of the mountains.

Petermann Ranges

The Petermann Ranges is a mountain range in central Australia. It spreads about across the border between Western Australia and the southwest corner of the Northern Territory. The highest point is above sea level. The ranges were formed about 550 million years ago, in an event called the Petermann Orogeny. They are made mostly of granite, sandstone and quartzite. The greater Petermann Ranges consist of several sections of ridges and hills. In the Northern Territory, these sections include the Dean, Mannanana, Ilyaralona, Curdie and Piultarana Ranges, the Pottoyu Hills, and several isolated mountains. In Western Australia, it includes the Hope and Dean Ranges.

The Petermann Ranges were given their name by the explorer Ernest Giles, who travelled through the area during March 1874.

The area is considered biologically important for Australia. An indigenous protected area, the Katiti-Petermann Indigenous Protected Area, has been proposed to conserve the ranges' ecosystem.

Battle of Qingshanli

The Battle of Qingshanli(, ) was a battle for the independence of Korea that took place in Manchuria. From October 21 to October 28, 1920, fighting happened between Kim Jwa-jin and Hong Pom-do, Lee Pom-seok's 4,000-strong Korean independence militia and a 30,000-strong Japanese suppression regiment.


Peyote

The peyote is either of two species of the cactus genus Lophophora of plants in the family Cactaceae.

The most common plant, L. williamsii, grow in North America, mostly in Mexico, can be found in the Chihuahuan desert of southern Texas and northern Mexico. The size is about eight centimeters (three inches) wide and five centimeters (two inches) tall. It is mostly blue green in color, with pink to white flowers, growing in groups among scrub, in areas with limestone soil. L. diffusa grows only in a small area in central Mexico, the color is yellow green, with white to yellow flowers.

Peyote has hallucinogenic effects, made by at least 28 different alkaloids, mostly mescaline. In many countries it is illegal to sell, use or posses both dried plant-material and living plants, but some places also give an exception from the law when used in religious rituals, such as by The Native American Church where it is used in a similar way as some Native American tribes, that likely have used peyote for at least 5,500 years. in their rituals.

Everard Ranges

The Everard Ranges is a mountain range in northern South Australia. It consists of low rounded granite hills, topped with bare rock. The rock is from the Palaeocene period, between 20 and 60 million years ago. The range is segmented, with several monoliths and bornhardts separated from the hills by valleys. The valleys are filled with scrub, and the range is surrounded by Tertiary plains. The plains around it are about 550 metres above sea level.

The Everard Ranges are part of the traditional homeland of the Yankunytjatjara people. However, today most of the people living in and around the area are Pitjantjatjara. There are several caves and overhangs with Aboriginal rock paintings. The community of Mimili is located in the east of the range, about 22 km east of the centre.

The Everard Ranges were named by Ernest Giles after Everard Park, a large cattle station that covered the eastern part of the range (it is now the community of Mimili).


Basedow Range

The Basedow Range is a mountain range in the south of the Northern Territory, Australia. It is located on the northern side of the Lasseter Highway, in the section between the Luritja and Stuart Highways. The range consists of two ridges of deformed sedimentary rock. The western ridge makes up most of the range's mass, and is about 12 km long. A small gap separates it from the eastern ridge, which is about 5 km long and much lower in height. The highest peak is Mount Ebenezer (702 m), which is located near the east end of the western ridge.

The Basedow Range is about 204 km south of Alice Springs. It is entirely within the property of the Mount Ebenezer cattle station. The community of Imaṉpa is at the base of Mount Ebenezer on its southern side. To the west of the range is the Angas Downs Indigenous Protected Area.

The Basedow Range was named by the explorer W. H. Tietkens when he reached the area on 19 July 1889. He named it after Martin P. F. Basedow, a German politician from Adelaide.

Fionnula Flanagan

Fionnula Flanagan (December 10, 1941) is an Irish actress who works mostly in movies and television. She has also acted on stage, and is also a political activist. Flanagan was born in Dublin, Ireland.

Susan Anton

Susan Anton (born 12 October 1950) is an American actress and beauty contestant. She began her acting career with commercials on television. She later started acting for television. Before that, she was Miss California in 1969 Miss America Pageants. Anton was born in California.


Pocket God

Pocket God is a video game application for the iPhone, iPod and iPad. It is a game containing small people that live on an island. The gamer can put the islanders through tasks and games.

First Mexican Empire

The Mexican Empire () was the official name of independent Mexico. It was a monarchy from 1821 to 1823, when the Emperor came into conflict with Congress. The territory of the Mexican Empire included New Spain and the former Captaincy General of Guatemala. Mexico then declared itself a republic. However, it reverted to a monarchy during the Second Mexican Empire of Maximilian I of Mexico.


Daniela Mercury

Daniela Mercuri de Almeida (born July 28, 1965), known by her stage name Daniela Mercury, is a Brazilian singer, songwriter and record producer. She is one of the best known Brazilian female singers, selling over 20 million albums worldwide.

Mercury was born on July 28, 1965, in Salvador, Bahia. Her mother is Liliana Mercuri, a social worker of descent. Her father is António Fernando de Abreu Ferreira de Almeida, a -born industrial mechanic. Her four siblings include Tom, Cristiana, , and Marcos. She attended both the Ana Néri School and the Colégio Baiano.

When Mercury was eight years old, she began taking dance lessons. At age 13, influenced by Elis Regina, she decided to become a singer. She started singing in local bars in 1980. Mercury went to the , where she enrolled in the Dance School in 1984. A year later she married electronic engineer Zalther Póvoas. She has two children in this marriage, Gabriel Almeida Póvoas. and Giovana Almeida Póvoas born in 1985 and 1986 respectively.





Yarkon Park

Yarkon Park (, ') is a national park in Tel Aviv, Israel. It is also a very big public urban park in the north of the Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area and covers an area of 3.5 km². The park is also called the Joshua Gardens () after the 7th mayor of Tel Aviv, Yehoshua Rabinovitz. The park extends along the Yarkon River until the river's mouth next to the Yarkon River Peninsula, where it flows into the Mediterranean Sea near to the Reading Power Station. It finishes in Petah Tikva. The largest part of the park runs along the cities of Ramat Gan and Bnei Brak. The river finishes near to Rosh HaAyin in the Yarkon National Garden. The park has many facilities, such as sports facilities, botanical gardens, an aviary, a water park, two outdoor concert venues and artificial lakes. The Ayalon River flows into the Yarkon River in the park after coming from a channel inside Road 20.



Salvador

Salvador (meaning "saviour" in Catalan, Spanish, and Portuguese) may refer to:









Elis Regina

Elis Regina Carvalho Costa, known simply as Elis Regina (; Porto Alegre, March 17, 1945 – São Paulo, January 19, 1982) was a Brazilian singer. She is hailed as the best Brazilian singer of all times by many critics, musicians, and commentators.


Gloria Trevi

Gloria Trevi (born Gloria de los Ángeles Treviño Ruiz on February 15, 1968) is a Mexican pop-rock singer-songwriter. Called the "Supreme Diva of Mexican Pop" by the music channel VH1, Trevi has sold more than 20 million records.





Eutrophication

Eutrophication is what a water-based ecosystem does when too many nutrients are added to it. Eutrophication is mainly caused by two nutrients, phosphorus and nitrogen. These are normally brought to aquatic ecosystems as runoff from fertilized agricultural areas, erosion from river banks, river beds, clearing of land (deforestation), or sewage that ends up in aquatic environments. The major consequence of eutrophication are algal blooms. 

Ariel Sharon Park

Ariel Sharon Park (also called: Ayalon Park) is a big public urban park that is planned to be built in the south of the Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area, around some of the floodplains of the Ayalon River. The Azor River and the Kofer River are connected to the river in the park area. Road 1 and Road 44 run through the planned area of the park. The park is planned to be opened in the year 2020 in southern Tel Aviv and also between the cities of Holon, Azor and Ramat Gan. The park is planned to be connected to the Menachem Begin Park (South Park) in southern Tel Aviv and the Mikveh Israel agricultural school in Holon. the park is going to be one of the largest park in Israel and one of the largest in the Middle East.

There are already trails for bicycles in the park.

The park is named after the former Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon.

In the area of the park is the Old City of Bnei Brak, which is mentioned in the Haggadah book in the Jewish holiday of Passover.

Between the years 1952 and 1998, the area was used a garbage dump called Hiriya. In 2002, the Israeli governmant decided to rehabilitate the site and build a big park around the dump with a recycling center. In 2004, a German landscape architect won the job for the new design of the site. In 2007, the Ecological Study Center opened in the recycling park. In 2010, the recycling park won a prize from the European Center of Architecture in the category of "Landscape Architecture" for the best green design for that year.


Siri (given name)

Siri is a Scandinavian girl's name. It is a short form of Sigrid and has been widely used since the mediaeval age. It is derived from Old Norse "sigr", which means victory, and "frídr", which means beautiful. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


United Fruit Company

The United Fruit Company was an American corporation. It dealt with tropical fruits, especially bananas. These fruits were grown on Central and South American plantations. They were sold in the United States and Europe. The company was created in 1899 from Minor C. Keith's banana-trading concerns with Andrew W. Preston's Boston Fruit Company. It grew in the early and mid-20th century. It controlled vast territories and transportation networks in Central America, the Caribbean coast of Colombia, Ecuador, and the West Indies. It competed with the Standard Fruit Company in the international banana trade. 

It maintained a monopoly in certain regions that came to be called banana republics.

It had a deep and long-lasting impact on the economy and politics of many Latin American countries. Critics often accused it of neocolonialism. They described it as the example of the influence of a multinational corporation on the internal politics of countries. After a period of financial decline, United Fruit merged with Eli M. Black's AMK in 1970 to become the United Brands Company. In 1984, Carl Lindner, Jr. transformed United Brands into the present-day Chiquita Brands International.

Growth hormone

Growth hormone (GH or HGH), also known as somatotropin or somatropin, is a hormone responsible for growth, cell reproduction and regeneration in humans and other animals. It is specific only to certain kinds of cells.

Growth hormone is used as a prescription drug in medicine to treat children's and adults growth disorders. In the United States, it is only available legally by prescription from a doctor. HGH is a very complex hormone, and many of its functions are still unknown.

Synthetic human growth hormone was developed in 1985 and approved by the FDA for specific uses in children and adults. In children, HGH injections are approved for treating short stature of unknown cause as well as poor growth due to a number of medical causes, including:


Area code 649

Area code 649 is the local telephone area code of Turks and Caicos Islands. The 649 area code was created during a split from the original Area code 809 area code, which was done in or around May 1997.

Like many Caribbean countries Turks and Caicos Islands uses +1 followed by the area code as the international direct dial phone code.

When in Turks and Caicos Islands, use the seven digits alone. To call from anywhere within North America (the United States, Canada, etc.), simply dial 1(869) followed by the phone number.


Azkaban

Azkaban is the jail of wizards in the fiction fantasy series by J.K. Rowling, "Harry Potter". It holds most of the Death Eaters in prison. In "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" Rowling described Azkaban as "Cold, dark, and all your greatest memories you can't remember, and all you can think about are your worst." Dementors are the guards of Azkaban.

First-move advantage

The first-move advantage in chess is the advantage of the player (White) who makes the first move in chess. Statistics of results on chess databases include almost all published games since 1851. In all forms of statistics, White scores better than Black for the main four opening moves 1.e4, 1.d4, 1.c4 and 1.Nf3.

White's overall winning percentage is calculated by taking the percentage of games won by White plus half the percentage of drawn games. Thus, if out of 100 games White wins 40, draws 32, and loses 28, White's total winning percentage is 40 plus half of 32, i.e. 56 percent. It is about the same for tournament games between humans and games between computers. White's advantage is less significant in rapid games or novice games.

Since about 1889, when World Champion Wilhelm Steinitz addressed this issue, the overwhelming consensus has been that a perfectly played game would end in a draw.

Recent sources indicate that White scores about 54 to 56 percent. In 2005, GM Jonathan Rowson wrote that "the conventional wisdom is that White begins the game with a small advantage and, holding all other factors constant, scores approximately 56% to Black's 44%". International Master (IM) John Watson wrote in 1998 that White had scored 56% for most of the 20th century, but that this figure had recently slipped to 55%. The website ChessGames.com holds regularly updated statistics on its games database. On March 17, 2008 the database contained 
460,703 games. White won 36.81%, 36.50% were drawn, and Black won 26.69%, resulting in a total White winning percentage of 55.06%.

New In Chess observed in its 2000 Yearbook that of the 731,740 games in its database, White scored 54.8% overall; with the two most popular opening moves, White scored 54.1% in 349,855 games beginning 1.e4, and 56.1% in 296,200 games beginning 1.d4. The main reason that 1.e4 was less effective than 1.d4 was the Sicilian defence (1.e4 c5), which gave White only a 52.3% score in 145,996 games.

Chess Engines Grand Tournament (CEGT) tests computer chess engines by playing them against each other, with time controls of forty moves in one hundred and twenty minutes per player (40/120), and also 40/20 and 40/4, and uses the results of those games to compile a rating list for each time control. At the slowest time control (40/120), White has scored 55.4% (W34.7 D41.3 L24.0) in games played among 38 of the strongest chess engines (as of May 27, 2009). At 40/20, White has scored 54.6% (W37.0 D35.2 L27.8) in games played among 284 engines (as of May 24, 2009). At the fastest time control (40/4), White has scored 54.8% (W39.6 D30.5 L30.0), in games played among 128 programs (as of May 28, 2009).

Joseph Bertin wrote in his 1735 textbook "The Noble Game of Chess", "He that plays first, is understood to have the attack". This is consistent with the traditional view that White, by virtue of the first move, begins with the initiative and should try to extend it into the middlegame, while Black should strive to neutralize White's initiative and attain equality. Because White begins with the initiative, a minor mistake by White generally leads only to loss of the initiative, while a similar mistake by Black may have more serious consequences. Thus, Sveshnikov wrote in 1994, "Black players cannot afford to make even the slightest mistake ... from a theoretical point of view, the tasks of White and Black in chess are different: White has to strive for a win, Black for a draw!"

The view that a game of chess should end in a draw given best play prevails. Even if it cannot be proved, this assumption is considered "safe" by Rowson and "logical" by Adorján. Watson agrees that "the proper result of a perfectly played chess game ... is a draw. ... Of course, I can't prove this, but I doubt that you can find a single strong player who would disagree. ... I remember Kasparov, after a last-round draw, explaining to the waiting reporters: 'Well, chess is a draw' ". World Champion Bobby Fischer thought that was almost definitely so.

Modern writers often think of Black's role in more dynamic terms than merely trying to equalize. Rowson writes that "the idea of Black trying to 'equalize' is questionable. I think it has limited application to a few openings, rather than being an opening prescription for Black in general". Evans wrote that after one of his games against Fischer, "Fischer confided his 'secret' to me: unlike other masters, he sought to win with the black pieces from the start. The revelation that Black has dynamic chances and need not be satisfied with mere equality was the turning point in his career, he said". Watson surmised that Kasparov, when playing black, bypasses the question of whether White has an opening advantage "by thinking in terms of the concrete nature of the dynamic imbalance on the board, and seeking to seize the initiative whenever possible". Watson observes that "energetic opening play by Black may ... lead to a position so complex and unclear that to speak of equality is meaningless. Sometimes we say 'dynamically balanced' instead of 'equal' to express the view that either player is as likely as the other to emerge from complications with an advantage. This style of opening play has become prevalent in modern chess, with World Champions Fischer and Kasparov as its most visible practitioners".

Modern writers also question the idea that White has an enduring advantage. Suba, in his influential 1991 book "Dynamic Chess Strategy", rejects the notion that the initiative can always be transformed into an enduring advantage. He contends that sometimes the player with the initiative loses it with no logical explanation, and that, "Sometimes you must lose it, just like that. If you try to cling to it, by forcing the issue, your dynamic potential will become exhausted and you won't be able to face a vigorous counter-attack". Rowson and Watson concur. Watson also observes, "Because of the presumption of White being better, the juncture of the game at which Black frees his game or neutralizes White's plans has often been automatically assumed to give him equality, even though in dynamic openings, the exhaustion of White's initiative very often means that Black has seized it with advantage".

In chess tournaments and matches, the frequency with which each player receives white and black is an important consideration. In matches, the players' colours in the first game are determined by drawing lots, and alternated thereafter. In All-play-all round robin tournaments with an even number of players, each receives one extra white or black. The double-round robin tournament is considered to give the most reliable final standings, since each player receives the same number of whites and blacks, and plays both white and black against each opponent.

In Swiss system tournaments, the tournament director tries to ensure that each player receives, as nearly as possible, the same number of games as white and black, and that the player's colour alternates from round to round.

Wix.com

Wix.com is a freemium online platform that allows users to create websites and Facebook pages.
It competes with Webs, Weebly, Yola and other web hosting and creation sites.

Wix was created in 2006 by Avishai Abrahami, Nadav Abrahami and Giora Kaplan. The company is located in Tel Aviv, with offices in San Francisco, New York City and Dnepropetrovsk. It is funded by investors Insight Venture Partners, Mangrove Capital Partners, Bessemer Venture Partners and Benchmark Capital.
It entered open-beta in 2008.

Kandyan jewellery

Kandyan jewellery comes from Ceylon or Sri Lanka. The Kandyan Kingdom disappeared in 1815 but some jewellery and designs are still being used by Kandyan families today.

Kandyan jewellery is handmade and was originally designed for the royal families. It is a symbol of wealth, solidarity and strength. It is worn by women of royal or noble births and not women of lower castes.
Bridal pieces are the most important pieces of Kandyan jewellery. They are handmade and consist of 26 pieces of jewellery that will be worn by the bride.

Pinterest

Pinterest is an internet photo sharing and publishing service that allows users to "Pin" pictures they like and upload their own recommendations to their "pinboards". Users can visit other pinboards, 're-pin' images to their own pinboards, or 'like' photos. The site was created by Ben Silbermann, Paul Sciarra, and Evan Sharp. The site is managed by Cold Brew Labs and funded by a small group of entrepreneurs and inventors. Pinterest has a large female userbase. Pinterest has many different categories, it can range from fashion, recipes, home improvement to quotes, health, and beauty.

Milo O'Shea

Milo O'Shea (2 June 1926 – 2 April 2013) was an Irish-American actor and personality. He was known for his role as Leopold Bloom in "Ulysses".

O'Shea was born on 2 June 1926 in Dublin, Irish Free State. He studied at Synge Street. O'Shea was married to Maureen Toal from 1952 until they divorced in 1974. Then he was married to Kitty Sullivan until his death in 2013.

O'Shea starred as Leopold Bloom in Joseph Strick's 1967 "movie" version of Ulysses. Among his other well-known movie roles in the 1960s were as the well-intentioned Friar Laurence in Franco Zeffirelli's "Romeo and Juliet" and as the villainous Dr. Durand Durand (who tries to kill Jane Fonda's character by making her literally die of pleasure) in Roger Vadim's classic "Barbarella" (both movies were released in 1968). In 1984, O'Shea reprised his role as Dr. Durand Durand (credited as Dr. Duran Duran) for the Duran Duran concert movie "Arena", since his character inspired the band's name. He played Inspector Boot in the 1973 Vincent Price horror movie "Theatre of Blood".

He was active in American movies and TV shows, such as his memorable supporting role as the trial judge in the Sidney Lumet's "The Verdict" with Paul Newman, an episode of "The Golden Girls" in 1987, and portraying Chief Justice of the United States Roy Ashland in the TV series "The West Wing". In 1992, O'Shea guest starred in the Season 10 finale of the sitcom "Cheers", and, in 1995, in an episode of the show's spin-off "Frasier". He appeared in the pilot episode of "Early Edition" as Sherman.

He had two sons with Toal, Colm and Steven. He lived in New York City, New York and became a United States citizen. O'Shea died on 2 April 2013 from an short-illness in Manhattan, New York, aged 86.


Jesús Franco

Jesús "Jess" Franco (Jesús Franco Manera; 12 May 1930 – 2 April 2013) was a Spanish movie director, screenwriter, cinematographer, and actor. His directing career began with the 1961 movie "The Awful Dr. Orloff". He was known for his more than 160 movies "including Necronomicon" (1967), "A Virgin Among the Living Dead" (1971) and two Christopher Lee movies, "The Bloody Judge" and "Count Dracula". Many of his films were pornographic in nature, and most of them were never dubbed in English.

Franco was born on 12 May 1930 in Madrid, Spain. He was married to Nicole Guettard from 1962 to 1980, and to Lina Romay from 2008 until his death 2013. He had no children. Franco died on 2 April 2013 in a hospital in Málaga, Spain from a stroke, aged 82.


Notting Hill (movie)

Notting Hill is a 1999 British-American romantic comedy-drama movie. It is set in Notting Hill, west London. It was written by Richard Curtis. It stars Julia Roberts as Hollywood actress Anna Scott and Hugh Grant as book shop owner Will Thacker.

Virtual private server

A virtual private server (VPS) is a virtual machine (something like a computer divided into many smaller machines using special software). They are often used by Internet hosting providers. Multiple VPS's run on the same machine, but they are separated as they will only share hardware resources without interfering on software level. A VPS is dedicated to the customer's needs, has the privacy of a separate physical computer, and can run server software. There are many platforms that can run a VPS. Some of them are VMWare and Xen.

Donkey Kong Country Returns

Donkey Kong Country Returns is a platform video game for the Nintendo Wii game console. It was made by Retro Studios and published by Nintendo. It was released in North America on November 21, 2010, in Australia on December 2, 2010, in Europe on December 3, 2010, and in Japan on December 9, 2010. It follows "", which was released in 1996, making the time between these two games the longest timespan between releases of Donkey Kong Country games.

The plot involves the Tiki Tak Tribe hypnotizing the animals of Donkey Kong Island. The hypnotized animals steal Donkey Kong's bananas. Donkey Kong and Diddy Kong go on an adventure to take back their bananas from the Tikis.

The gameplay of Donkey Kong Country Returns is very similar to that of the Donkey Kong Country Games. The game consists of 9 worlds on Donkey Kong Island: Jungle, Beach, Ruins, Cave, Forest, Cliff, Factory, Volcano, and Golden Temple (Cloud in 3DS version). In each world, players traverse a series of levels while collecting items such as bananas, banana coins, and KONG letters along the way. Banana coins act as currency and can be used to purchase items from Cranky's Shop. Puzzle Pieces appear for the first time in this game, and each level has 5, 7, or 9 of these items. Collecting all of the puzzle pieces in each level unlocks images in the image gallery. Defeating the boss at the end of each world gives players access to the next world. If players collect all of the KONG letters in all the levels in each world except for the boss level, they will unlock a secret temple stage. Completing the temple stage provides players with one of the 8 rare orbs needed to access the last world of the game. Collecting all 8 rare orbs unlocks the last world. 

After players complete a level once, they can replay it in time attack mode, where the objective is to finish the level in the fastest time possible. Upon finishing the stage, players will earn a bronze, silver, or gold medal based on their time. The times for these medals are given. If the players finish the stage within a certain time within the gold medal time limit, sparkles appear on their the gold medal. Players often call these medals "Shiny Gold medals". Time attack mode does not affect the game clear percentage, nor does it unlock any artwork.

After players beat the game, collect all the KONG letters, and complete the last level of the game, they unlock mirror mode. In mirror mode, players cannot use Diddy Kong or inventory items and they only get one heart. Completing mirror mode is necessary for 200% completion and is required to unlock some images in the image gallery.

On February 14, 2013, Nintendo announced a Nintendo 3DS port of the game called "Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D". It was released in North America and Europe on May 24, 2013, in Australia on May 25, 2013, and in Japan on June 13, 2013.

Michal Handzuš

Michal Handzuš (born March 11, 1977, in Banská Bystrica, Czechoslovakia, now Slovakia) is a Slovak NHL ice hockey centre that played for the Chicago Blackhawks.

He was drafted by the St. Louis Blues with the 101st overall pick in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft. He has also played for the St. Louis Blues for 3 seasons, Phoenix Coyotes for 2 seasons, Philadelphia Flyers for 2 seasons, Chicago Blackhawks for 8 games, Los Angeles Kings for 4 seasons and the San Jose Sharks for 1 season. He was traded from the Sharks back to the Chicago Blackhawks for a 4th round draft pick on April 1, 2013. On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.


Pump Up the Volume (movie)

Pump Up the Volume is a 1990 American Canadian comedy movie. Christian Slater and Samantha Mathis star. The movie received positive reviews from the critics. This movie was released August 22, 1990.

Aaron Downey

Aaron Downey (born August 27, 1974 in Shelburne, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger that played 10 seasons in National Hockey League.

He was one of few people that was not drafted by an NHL team or a major junior team. Downey played in the NHL for six teams, the Boston Bruins for 1 game, Chicago Blackhawks for 39 games, Dallas Stars for 2 seasons, St. Louis Blues for 17 games, Montreal Canadiens for 2 seasons, and the Detroit Red Wings for 2 seasons. Since his retirement, he returned to Detroit to become a part-time strength and conditioning coach for the Red Wings and Grand Rapids Griffins.

Kernot Range

The Kernot Range is a small mountain range in the south of the Northern Territory, Australia. It is located in the Angas Downs Indigenous Protected Area, near the junction of the Lasseter Highway and Luritja Road. The range consists of a singe ridge of deformed sedimentary rock, running in a northwest-southeasterly direction for about 18 km.

The Kernot Range was named by the explorer W. H. Tietkens when he reached the area on 18 July 1889. He named it after William Charles Kernot, a professor at the University of Melbourne. He named Mount Thompson, the highest peak in the north-western end of the range, after a politician from Victoria, H. M. Thompson.

The hills are culturally important to southern Luritja people, many of whom live in the surrounding area. The most important ceremonial site in the Kernot Range is Wilbia (also spelled Wilpia or Wilpiya). This is a clearing at the south-eastern end of the range that contains a soakage. The soak is a reliable source of water and an important place to many families living across the Luritja homeland. The site is connected with similar Dreaming sites at Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa. Wilbia is often used for rituals and ceremonies, including initiations.

Lasseter Highway

The Lasseter Highway is a highway in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is a sealed road that runs for . It connects Yulara, Kata Tjuṯa and Uluṟu to the Stuart Highway. It is the major access route for tourists heading to Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park. The highway is named after the prospector Harold Bell Lasseter, who claimed to have discovered a rich gold deposit (Lasseter's Reef) west of Kata Tjuṯa.

The highway begins in Erldunda, a roadhouse and hotel, on the Stuart Highway (N87). The Stuart Highway connects Darwin in the north and Adelaide in the south and is therefore one of Australia's major highways. From Erldunda, the Lasseter Highway leads west along the southern side of the Basedow and Kernot Ranges. After about 110 km, next to the Kernot Range, there is the junction with the Luritja Highway (S3), which leads north to Kings Canyon. Another 25 km towards the southwest is a rest area that has a view of Mount Conner. A further 22 km away is the Curtin Springs, a cattle station with a roadhouse. A further 100 km west along the highway is the tourist town Yulara. After Yulara, the road meets the Great Central Road, a dirt road that leads into Western Australia through the Petermann Ranges and across the Gibson and Great Victoria Deserts.

There are petrol stations at Erldunda (at the start of the highway), Mount Ebenezer (km 57) and Curtin Springs (km 245).

2013 San Diego Padres season

The 2013 San Diego Padres season began with two losses to the New York Mets.

Tripitaka

The Tripitaka is the collection of main religious text in Buddhism. They are often used alongside various sutras such as the Lotus. It is divided into three categories - the Sutras, the Abhidharma and the Vinaya.

Khanqah

A khanqah or khaniqah () is a place where members of the Sufi faith meet and do their spiritual rituals. Today, there are a lot of khanaqahs around the world, especially in muslim countries.

100 Tears

100 Tears is a 2007 slasher comedy movie. The story is about revenge. This movie was released with an NC-17 rating. 

 

Peggy Shannon

Winona Sammon, more well known as Peggy Shannon (January 10, 1907 – May 11, 1941) was an American actress. She acted on stage and in movie roles during the 1920s and 1930s. She had many movies during her short career. She was born in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. In May 1941, Shannon died in Los Angeles after a heart attack

Foreign advisors to the government in Meiji period Japan

The "oyatoi "came from many nations. By the 1870s, they were employed in many projects of the government.

The strategy of employing "oyatoi" was ended in 1899.


Reckendorf

Reckendorf is a community in the district of Bamberg, in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. With roughly 2,000 inhabitants, Reckendorf is a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Baunach.


Mega Man Anniversary Collection

Mega Man Anniversary Collection is a compilation video game for the Nintendo GameCube, Playstation 2, and Xbox. It was released on June 23, 2004 for the GameCube and Playstation 2, and on March 15, 2005 for the Xbox. It contains the first eight "Mega Man" games, as well as two spin-off fighting games in the series. It also contains extras such as original artwork and remixed music.

For the first six games, a "Navi Mode" is available. This allows players to get hints from helpers if they are in need of help. It also changes the look of the health and weapon meters, as well as the weapon screen, for the first three games.


Stephen Krashen

Stephen Krashen is a linguist and educational researcher. He is professor emeritus at the University of Southern California (USC). Krashen moved from the USC linguistics department to the School of Education in 1994. He is also an activist who works hard to support bilingual education.

Dr. Krashen has published more than 350 papers and books about second-language acquisition, bilingual education, and reading. He introduced several important ideas in the study of learning another language, including the acquisition-learning hypothesis, input hypothesis, monitor hypothesis, affective filter, and the natural order hypothesis. He started the Natural Approach to language learning and teaching with Tracy D. Terrell . More recently, Krashen promotes the use of "free voluntary reading" during second-language acquisition, which he says "is the most powerful tool we have in language education, first and second."

Krashen lives and works in California. Government plans for education there turned against bilingual education. Krashen said that this was a bad idea and responded with research that showed problems with he new policies. He also spoke publicly and wrote many letters to newspaper editors. In 1998, Krashen campaigned very hard against Proposition 227. Though he tried hard, the proposition passed and got rid of most bilingual education in California. Even though he lost, Krashen continues to work hard in support of bilingual education as other states try to get rid of it. His letters often appear in many newspapers. Krashen believes researchers should be more active to educate the public, especially about bilingual education.

Krashen holds a black belt in Tae Kwon Do, and was the winner of the 1978 Venice Beach Open Incline Press. He spent two years in Ethiopia teaching English and science with the Peace Corps.



Earth's magnetic field

The Earth’s magnetic field is the magnetic field that surrounds the Earth. It is sometimes called the "geomagnetic field".

The Earth’s magnetic field is created by the rotation of the Earth and Earth's core. It shields the Earth against harmful particles in space. The field is unstable and has changed often in the history of the Earth. As the Earth spins, the two parts of the core move at different speeds and this is thought to generate the magnetic field around the Earth as though it had a large bar magnet inside it.

The magnetic field creates magnetic poles that are near to the geographical poles. A compass uses the geomagnetic field to find directions. Many migratory animals also use the field when they travel long distances each spring and fall. 

The Earth’s geomagnetic field is created by two things. The convection in the liquid conducting core inside the center of the Earth is important for making the magnetic field. When convection occurs in the electrical currents around the Earth, the magnetic field is created. The Earth’s rotation is what keeps the magnetic field up. The interaction between the convective motions and the electrical currents creates a dynamo effect.

The intensity of the magnetic field is greatest near the magnetic poles where it is vertical. The intensity of the field is weakest near the equator where it is horizontal. The magnetic field’s intensity is measured in gauss.

The magnetic field has decreased in strength through recent years. In the early 21st century the field has decreased its strength 1.7%, on average. In some areas of the field, the strength has decreased as much as 10%. The reversal might happen in the next few thousand years. It has been shown that the movement of the magnetic poles is related to the decreasing strength of the magnetic field.

A geomagnetic reversal is when the north magnetic pole and south magnetic pole trade places. This has happened a few times in the past few million years. The magnetic reversal happens after the strength of the field reaches zero. When the strength begins to increase again, it will increase in the opposite direction, causing a reversal of the magnetic poles. The time it takes the magnetic field to undergo a reversal is unknown, but can last up to ten thousand years. 

The magnetosphere is created by the magnetic field. It is the area around the Earth that acts as a shield against the harmful particles in solar wind. The magnetosphere has many different layers and structures, and solar wind shapes each of these layers. The interaction of solar wind and the magnetosphere also causes the Northern and Southern Lights to appear. The magnetosphere is very important in protecting the Earth against solar storms which increase solar wind activity. Solar storms can cause geomagnetic storms which sometimes have serious affects on the Earth.
The areas in between the north and south magnetic poles are the magnetic field lines. These lines leave the Earth from the vertical point of the South and reenters through the vertical point of the North. These two vertical points are called magnetic dip poles. The magnetic dip poles are commonly referred to as the magnetic poles. The magnetic poles intersect the earth at two points. The north magnetic pole intersects the Earth at 78.3 N latitude and 100 W longitude. This places the north magnetic pole in the Arctic Circle. The south magnetic pole intersects the Earth at 78.3 S latitude and 142 E longitude. This places the south magnetic pole in Antarctica. The magnetic poles are also where the magnetic fields are the strongest.

Like other magnetic fields, the Earth's magnetic field has magnetic poles.

The North Magnetic Pole is the point on the surface of Earth's northern hemisphere where the planet's magnetic field points vertically downwards. There is only one place where this occurs, near to (but distinct from) the Geographic North Pole.

Its southern hemisphere counterpart is the South Magnetic Pole. Since the Earth's magnetic field is not exactly symmetrical, a line drawn from one to the other does not pass through the geometric centre of the Earth.

The North Magnetic Pole moves over time due to magnetic changes in the Earth's core. In 2001, it was near Ellesmere Island in northern Canada at . As of 2015, the pole is thought to have moved east beyond the Canadian Arctic territorial claim to .

The Earth's North and South Magnetic Poles are also known as Magnetic Dip Poles, referring to the vertical "dip" of the magnetic field lines at those points.

Animals which take long migrations may depend on the magnetic field for a guide.

Some migratory animals know their locations by the intensity of the field. They know the time because of circadian rhythms the field produces. Migratory animals are born with a magnetic map in their head that allows them to migrate great distances safely. Their ability to sense the magnetic field is because of magnetic particles. Other animals have a chemical compass based on a radical pair mechanism.

Atmosphere (unit)

The standard atmosphere (symbol: atm) is a unit of atmospheric pressure that refers to the air pressure at sea level. It is defined as equal to 101325 Pa. Since 1982, it has been replaced by the bar, which is equal to exactly 10 Pa. The usage of either unit is discouraged.

The 40-Year-Old Virgin

The 40-Year-Old Virgin is a 2005 American romantic comedy movie. It was written, directed and co-produced by Judd Apatow.

Steve Carell plays the main character, a virgin who lives alone and is involuntarily celibate. He works in the stockroom of an electronics store and is socially inept. Carell also wrote the script. The movie got mostly good reviews from critics.

Wilga Rivers

Wilga Rivers (13 April 1919 - 23 June 2007) was an Australian academic and writer. She was a Professor Emerita of Romance Languages and Literatures at Harvard University. She studied and wrote about teaching languages. Rivers was an early supporter of the change from the audiolingual method to more communicative and interactive language teaching. Rivers was born in Melbourne, Australia and died in Watertown, Massachusetts.




Mount Curdie

Mount Curdie is a mountain in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is 958 metres high. It is the highest peak in the Curdie Range, which is a section of the Petermann Ranges. The mountain is located on the southern bank of the Hull River, about southeast of Kaḻṯukatjara. The Great Central Road passes nearby to the north. At the base of the mountain is the valley through which the Hull River flows. The valley contains a place known to local Aboriginal people as Tjunti, where Lasseter's Cave is located.

Ernest Giles named Mount Curdie on 13 March 1874, during his first journey through the Petermann Ranges. He named it after Dr Daniel Curdie, a subscriber to Giles' fund for his expedition. After climbing to the top of Mount Curdie, Giles also gave names to other peaks in the Petermann Ranges, including Mounts Fagan and Miller further to the east.

Sarah Caldwell

Sarah Caldwell (born March 6, 1924 - died March 23, 2006) was an American opera conductor and a stage director. She sang, performed and was director of opera music. Sarah was born in Missouri, though was raised in Arkansas. She later died due to heart failure in Portland, Maine at 82.

Guangzhou FC

Guangzhou FC, known as Guangzhou Evergrande until 2020, is a football club which plays in China. This club has been very successful ever since Evergrande RE took over the club after a match-fixing scandal in 2009, with money flowing in.






Amy Madigan

Amy Marie Madigan (born September 11, 1950) is an American television and movie actress. She has acted in many notable movies and TV series. These include the 1989 movie "Field of Dreams" and "Uncle Buck" and the series "Grey's Anatomy", "Carnivàle" and "Fringe". She was born in Chicago. She married the actor Ed Harris in 1983. They have one daughter, Lily Dolores, born in 1993.

Prolog

Prolog is a programming language that uses first order logic. It is the most used logic programming language. It is a declarative programming language. Alain Cormerauer, a French computer scientist created Prolog in the early 1970s.

Prolog is rather different from other programming languages. It uses facts and rules. Given the facts, the rules can be used to figure out new facts. 

Prolog uses a paradigm called negation as failure, which means that formula_1 is assumed if formula_2 cannot be derived. This is different from true logical negation. While negation is failure has its benefits, it often confuses people starting to learn Prolog, as they expect true logical negation.

Prolog also uses Horn clauses. It is a turing-complete programming language. 

Graupel

Graupel is a form of precipitation, which is very similar to snow and hail. However, hail falls almost always during severe thunderstorms. Snow falls during blizzards or snowstorms. Graupel often falls in wintry mixes, and usually falls apart during contact.

Horn clause

A Horn clause is a logic disjunction of literals, where at most one of the literals is positive and all the others are negative. It is named after Alfred Horn, who described them in an article in 1951. 

A Horn clause with exactly one positive literal is a definite clause; a definite clause with no negative literals is sometimes called a “fact”; and a Horn clause without a positive literal is sometimes called a goal clause. These three kinds of Horn clauses are shown in the following propositional example:

In the non-propositional case, all variables in a clause are implicitly universally quantified with scope the entire clause. Thus, for example:

stands for:

which is logically equivalent to:

Horn clauses play a basic role in constructive logic and computational logic. They are important in automated theorem proving by first-order resolution, because the resolvent of two Horn clauses is itself a Horn clause, and the resolvent of a goal clause and a definite clause is a goal clause. These properties of Horn clauses can lead to greater efficiencies in proving a theorem (represented as the negation of a goal clause).

Horn clauses are also the basis of logic programming, where it is common to write definite clauses in the form of an implication:

In fact, the resolution of a goal clause with a definite clause to produce a new goal clause is the basis of the SLD resolution inference rule, used to implement logic programming and the programming language Prolog.

In logic programming a definite clause behaves as a goal-reduction procedure. For example, the Horn clause written above behaves as the procedure:

To emphasize this backwards use of the clause, it is often written in the backward form:

In Prolog this is written as:

The Prolog notation is actually unclear, and the term “goal clause” is sometimes also used diffirently. The variables in a goal clause can be read as universally or existentially quantified, and deriving “false” can be interpreted either as deriving a contradiction or as deriving a successful solution of the problem to be solved.

Van Emden and Kowalski (1976) investigated the model theoretic properties of Horn clauses in the context of logic programming, showing that every set of definite clauses D has a unique minimal model M. An atomic formula A is logically implied by D if and only if A is true in M. It follows that a problem P represented by an existentially quantified conjunction of positive literals is logically implied by D if and only if P is true in M. The minimal model semantics of Horn clauses is the basis for the stable model semantics of logic programs.

Propositional Horn clauses are also of interest in computational complexity, where the problem of finding truth value assignments to make a conjunction of propositional Horn clauses true is a P-complete problem (in fact solvable in linear time), sometimes called HORNSAT. (The unrestricted Boolean satisfiability problem is an NP-complete problem however.) Satisfiability of first-order Horn clauses is undecidable.


Venn diagram

A Venn diagram is a diagram that shows the logical relation between sets. They were popularised by John Venn in the 1880s, and are now widely used. They are used to teach elementary set theory, and to illustrate simple set relationships in probability, logic, statistics, linguistics and computer science. A Venn diagram uses closed curves drawn on a plane to represent sets. Very often, these curves are circles or ellipses. 

Similar ideas had been proposed before Venn. Christian Weise in 1712 ("Nucleus Logicoe Wiesianoe") and Leonhard Euler ("Letters to a German Princess") in 1768, for instance, came up with similar ideas. The idea was popularised by Venn in "Symbolic Logic", Chapter V "Diagrammatic Representation", 1881. 

The following example uses two sets, A and B, represented here as coloured circles. The orange circle, set A, represents all living creatures that are two-legged. The blue circle, set B, represents the living creatures that can fly. Each separate type of creature can be imagined as a point somewhere in the diagram. Living creatures that can both fly "and" have two legs—for example, parrots—are then in both sets, and hence correspond to points in the area where the blue and orange circles overlap. That area contains all such (and only) such living creatures.

Humans and penguins are bipedal, and hence are in the orange circle, but since they cannot fly, they appear in the left part of the orange circle, where it does not overlap with the blue circle. Mosquitoes have six legs, and fly, so the point for mosquitoes is in the part of the blue circle that does not overlap with the orange one. Creatures that are not two-legged and cannot fly (for example, whales and spiders) would all be represented by points outside both circles.

The combined area of sets A and B is called the "union" of A and B, denoted by . The union in this case contains all living creatures that are either two-legged, or that can fly (or both).
The area in both A and B, where the two sets overlap, is called the "intersection" of A and B, denoted by . For example, the intersection of the two sets is not empty, because there "are" points that represent creatures that are in "both" the orange and blue circles.

In the illustrations below the left circle shows set formula_1 and the right circle shows set formula_2. Results of operations are shown as colored areas.


Starbuck Island

Starbuck Island (or Volunteer Island) is a coral atoll in the central Pacific. It is part of the Central Line Islands of Kiribati. No one lives on the island. 

Starbuck Island is located at . It is east-to-west and north-to-south. The island has a land area of . It is a low, dry, coral limestone island. It has a steep beach. 

There is no freshwater on the island. Each year, the island gets about of rain.

Starbuck Island has a large colony of Sooty Terns. It is estimated that 1.5 million pairs of the birds live on the island. The island is also a home to Polynesian Rats, feral cats, Green turtles and about fifteen other species of seabirds. 

Enrique Peña Nieto

Enrique Peña Nieto (born 20 July 1966) is a Mexican politician. He was the 64th President of Mexico from 2012 to 2018. He became President in 2012. Peña Nieto is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He was Governor of the State of Mexico from 2005 to 2011. Peña Nieto became President-elect after the 2012 general election was found to be valid by the Federal Electoral Tribunal, after some accusations of electoral fraud. He took office on 1 December 2012.

Nieto was born on 20 July 1966 in Atlacomulco, State of Mexico, a city 55 miles (89 km) northwest of Mexico City. He is the oldest of four siblings; his father, Gilberto Enrique Peña del Mazo, was an electrical engineer; his mother, María del Perpetuo Socorro Ofelia Nieto Sánchez, a schoolteacher. He is the nephew of two former governors of the State of México: on his mother's side, Arturo Montiel; on his father's, Alfredo del Mazo González. He attended Denis Hall School in Alfred, Maine, during one year of junior high school in 1979 to learn English. After living in Atlacomulco for the first 11 years of his life, Peña Nieto's family moved to the city of Toluca.

In 1975, his father would often take him to the campaign rallies of the State of Mexico's governor, Jorge Jiménez Cantú, a close friend of Peña del Mazo. The successor of the governor was Alfredo del Mazo González, a cousin of Peña Nieto's father. During Del Mazo González's campaign in 1981, the fifteen-year-old Peña Nieto had his first direct contact with Mexican politics: he began delivering campaign literature in favor of his relative, a memory Peña Nieto recalls as the turning point and start of his deep interest in politics.

In 1984 at the age of 18, Peña Nieto traveled to Mexico City and enrolled in the Panamerican University, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in legal studies. Peña Nieto's academic thesis was found to contain some improper citations and plagiarism, which stirred controversy in May 2016. Peña Nieto sought a master's degree in Business Administration (MBA) at the Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM), based in the State of Mexico.

Peña Nieto joined the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in 1984, and with a law degree nearly completed, he began earning his own money. During his final years in college, Peña Nieto worked for a public notary in Mexico City, around the same time when his relative, Alfredo del Mazo González, was mentioned as a firm candidate for the 1988 presidential elections. In his twenties, he worked at the San Luis Industrial Corporation, an auto parts manufacturer, and at the law firm Laffan, Muse and Kaye. While still a student at the Universidad Panamericana, he roomed with Eustaquio de Nicolás, the current president of Homex, a leading Mexican construction and real estate company. He also befriended and roomed with Luis Miranda, who occupied several offices during the 1999–2000 administration in the State of Mexico.

Peña Nieto formally started his political career under the mentorship of Montiel Rojas, becoming the Secretary of the Citizen Movement of Zone I of the State Directive Committee of the National Confederation of Popular Organizations (CNOP), one of the three sectors of the PRI. For three consecutive years, Peña Nieto participated as a delegate to the Organization and Citizen Front in different municipalities of the State of Mexico. Then, between 1993 and 1998, during Emilio Chuayfett's term as governor, Peña Nieto was chief of staff and personal secretary to Montiel Rojas, the Secretary of Economic Development of the State of Mexico.

After 1999, Peña Nieto went from having low-level secretary positions to higher and more qualified offices. He served from 1999 to 2000 as the Sub-secretary of Government, and as financial sub-coordinator of the political campaign of Montiel Rojas. In 2001, Montiel Rojas named Peña Nieto Sub-secretary of Interior in the State of Mexico, a position that granted him the opportunity to meet and forge relationships with top PRI politicians and wealthy businessmen. After his term concluded, he served as the administrative secretary, as president of the Directive Council of Social Security, as president of the Internal Council of Health, and as vice president of the National System for Integral Family Development – all in the State of Mexico. Under the wing of Montiel Rojas, Peña Nieto formed a group known as the "Golden Boys of Atlacomulco" with other members of the PRI.

Peña Nieto was elected to a local deputy position in his hometown of Atlacomulco, State of Mexico, in 2003. Two years later, the governorship of the State of Mexico was sought by Atlacomulco-natives Carlos Hank Rhon, Isidro Pastor, Héctor Luna de la Vega, Guillermo González Martínez, Óscar Gustavo Cárdenas Monroy, Eduardo Bernal Martínez, Cuauhtémoc García Ortega and Fernando Alberto García Cuevas. Peña Nieto was among the crowd, but was not poised as one of the favorites. Nonetheless, in 2005, Peña Nieto was the last man standing, succeeding Montiel Rojas as governor of the State of Mexico. On 12 February 2005, with 15,000 supporters in attendance, he was sworn in as candidate for the PRI.

On Sept. 15 2005, Peña Nieto was sworn as governor of the State of Mexico at the Morelos theater in Toluca. Among the hundreds of attendees were the outgoing governor, Arturo Montiel; the president of the Superior Court of Justice, José Castillo Ambriz; former governors, members of Peña Nieto's cabinet and party, mayors, businessmen, and church figures. The centerpiece of Peña Nieto's governorship was his claim that he was to deliver his "compromisos" – 608 promises he signed in front of a notary to convince voters that he would deliver results and be an effective leader. According to "El Universal", during Peña Nieto's first year as governor, his administration delivered 10 of the structural promises he had advocated in his campaign – marking the lowest figure in his six-year term.

In 2006, his administration carried out 141 of the promised projects, making that year the most active in the governor's term. The 608 projects Peña Nieto proposed consisted of creating highways, building hospitals, and creating adequate water systems to provide fresh water throughout the state. The most important of these was highway infrastructure, which tripled under Peña's government. By mid-2011, the official page of the State of Mexico noted that only two projects were left. The major projects in public transportation were the Suburban Railway of the Valley of Mexico Metropolitan Area and the "Mexibús", both of which served commuters between Mexico City and the State of Mexico, providing service to more than 300,000 people every day and 100 million a year. Regarding public health services, 196 hospitals and medical centers were built throughout the state and the number of mobile units to attend remote and vulnerable areas doubled. Deaths caused by respiratory diseases were reduced by 55%, while deaths caused by dysentery and cervical cancer were reduced by 68% and 25% respectively. In addition, between 2005 and 2011, the State of Mexico was able to fulfill the requirement of the World Health Organization of having one doctor for every 1,000 inhabitants. The funds for these and all the other commitments were obtained through restructuring the state's public debt, a strategy designed by his first Secretary of Finance, Luis Videgaray Caso. The restructuring also managed to keep the debt from increasing during Peña Nieto's term because the tax base was broadened to the point that it doubled in six years.

Peña Nieto also claimed that he halved the murder rate in the State of Mexico during his time as governor, but retracted this claim after "The Economist" showed that the murder rate did not diminish and was being measured in a different way.

The Yo Soy 132 student movement criticized Peña Nieto for his stance on the San Salvador Atenco unrest, which occurred during his term as governor. Peña Nieto stated in an interview that he does not justify the actions of the state and municipal forces, but also mentioned that they were not gladly received by the citizens of San Salvador Atenco upon their arrival.

Earls Croome

Earls Croome is a village and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire, England.


Johannis de Rijke

Johannis de Rijke (5 December 1842-10 January 1913) was a Dutch civil engineer. He was a foreign advisor to the Japanese government in the Meiji period.

Rijke was born in Noord-Beveland in the Netherlands.

In 1865, Rijke worked the chief construction foreman for water projects near Amsterdam.

Rijke was a government advisor in Japan from 1873 to 1903. He worked on flood control and water management projects. He led projects which improved the ports of Japan, including Tokyo, Yokohama, Nagasaki, Hiroshima (Ujina) and Fukuoka (Hakata).

After 1891, Rijke was an official of the Home Ministry. He became Vice Minister. It was uncommon for a foreigner to be promoted to such high rank in a Japanese government bureaucracy.

In 1876, Rijke worked on Yangtze River projects. 
In 1901, worked on the Yellow River flood control project.



America's Next Top Model, Cycle 7

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 7 was the seventh season of the reality television series "America's Next Top Model". It started airing on 20 September 2006. It was the first season to be shown on The CW network.

 Amanda and Michelle Babin are identical twins, however they were judged individually.
1. "casting episode"

2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.


Dopamine reuptake inhibitor

A dopamine reuptake inhibitor (DRI) is a drug. Dopamine is a type of brain chemical called a neurotransmitter. Dopamine has many jobs and responsibilities in the brain. Scientists think dopamine controls movement and the human sense of punishment and reward. Dopamine affects dreams, motivation, and sexual gratification, too.

A lack of dopamine is responsible for many diseases and conditions. Sometimes dopamine does not work correctly in the brain. Sometimes the brain does not have enough dopamine. Doctors prescribe dopamine reuptake inhibitors (DRI's or DARI's) to help control symptoms. Psychostimulants and antidepressants are types of DRI's. DRI's help manage symptoms of ADHD, narcolepsy, Parkinson's Disease, obesity, substance abuse withdrawal and some mood disorders. Users can become addicted to DRI's sometimes.

DRI's do not have dopamine inside the pills. They help the body make more dopamine, and they change the way dopamine is re-used in the brain.

Millettia laurentii

Millettia laurentii is a legume tree that is native to central Africa. The species is listed as endangered in the IUCN Red List, mostly because people are destroying its habitat and over harvesting the tree for timber. The wood that comes from the tree is called "wenge". It is a dark-coloured hardwood.

Commodore BASIC

Commodore BASIC is also known as PET BASIC. It is a BASIC programming language. It was used in Commodore International's 8-bit home computers. It started with the PET computer in 1977. The last computer to use Commodore BASIC was Commodore 128 of 1985. The core was based on 6502 Microsoft BASIC. It shares many characteristics with other 6502 BASICs like Applesoft BASIC.

Commodore licensed BASIC from Microsoft on a "pay once with no royalties" basis after Jack Tramiel turned down Bill Gates' offer of a $3 per unit fee stating "I'm already married", and would pay no more than $25,000 for a perpetual license.

Gauss (unit)

The gauss (symbol G) is the CGS unit used to measure magnetic fields. One gauss is defined as one maxwell per square centimeter. The tesla (symbol T) is the SI derived unit used to measure the strength of magnetic fields. There are 10,000 (10) gauss in one tesla.

The unit is named in honor of the German mathematician and physicist Carl Friedrich Gauss.


Loppers

Loppers are a long-handled cutting tool. It has two handles, one connected to a blade and the other to a blunt surface that holds the object being cut. Like the word "scissors", is always used as a plural (one pair of loppers is shown in this image). 

It is used for cutting thick plants, even saplings (young trees) or branches that are less than an inch (2.5 cm) thick (about as thick as a person's thumb). It is used in gardening, tree care, and prairie restoration. It can cut things that are too big for gardening clippers or pruners. If the branch or tree is too big for loppers, then a saw is needed.

Tiny Toon Adventures

