Tiny Toon Adventures, also known as Steven Spielberg Presents Tiny Toon Adventures, is an American animated comedy sitcom adventure television series. It aired from September 14, 1990 to December 25 1992 . It follows a group of young cartoon characters who attend Acme Looniversity in the town of Acme Acres to become the next generation of "Looney Tunes" characters.


Chutti TV and Cartoon Network (India)


Pruners

Pruners are a cutting tool for pruning plants. A common form is held in one hand; it is also called "snippers" or "secateurs". It has two handles, one connected to a blade and the other to a blunt surface. Like the word "scissors", "pruners" is used as a plural.

A pole pruner is like a pair of pruners, but at the end of a pole. It is operated by pulling on a rope.

Pruners are used for cutting plants and small branches, such as roses and grapevines. Stems thicker than a pencil will need to be cut with loppers or a saw instead.

Mount Morris

Mount Morris is a mountain in the far north of South Australia. It is about high, and is the second-highest peak in South Australia after nearby Mount Woodroffe (1,435 m). Both are in the Musgrave Ranges, near the border with the Northern Territory. The rock is mostly made up of granite.

Mount Morris is located about west of the community of Amaṯa. It was given its name by the explorer William Gosse, who first saw it in July 1873.

Mount Crombie

Mount Crombie () is a mountain in the northwest of South Australia. It is a outcrop of granitic rock. It is located about south of Amaṯa. The mountain is part of the traditional country of the Pitjantjatjara people, and there are several examples of rock art in the area.

The last recorded specimen of the lesser stick-nest rat, which used to be found throughout central Australia, was captured here in 1933.

Mount Kintore

Mount Kintore is an inselberg in northwest South Australia. It is about above sea level. It is located about halfway between the remote communities of Amaṯa and Watarru. The mountain is made up mostly of metamorphic beds of gneisses and quartzite, which are split with diorite dykes. The beds have been thrown into a series of simple folds. These can be clearly seen on the northern face of the mountain. The rock has been weathered into ridges, and heavy erosion can be seen along the folds. At the western end of the mountain, the gneiss is replaced by granite.

Mount Kintore is part of the traditional country of the Pitjantjatjara people. An important rock hole is located about to the west, called Kunamata.

Prairie restoration

Prairie restoration is a type of habitat conservation, for prairies and habitats that lived alongside prairies. It is the act of restoring land that was once native prairie to how it once was. In North America this is usually defined as "pre-settlement", meaning before Europeans arrived. Much of this land is good for farming and has been plowed for planting crops or turned into pastures. In Illinois, there was once 22 million acres (9 million hectares), now there are less than 2300 acres (920 hectares) of high-quality original prairie remaining.

Invasive species are a big problem with prairies. Since fires cannot burn freely, many new species are taking over, and preventing sunlight from reaching shorter plants. In the United States, European buckthorn is a common problem. Garlic mustard is another. Often areas that once held a hundred different species of plants now only has three or four species.


Mount Sir Thomas

Mount Sir Thomas is a mountain in northwest South Australia. It in the Watarru Indigenous Protected Area, about southwest of Watarru. It is in the Birksgate Range, which is part of the traditional country of the Pitjantjatjara people. An important rock hole is located near the base of the mountain, called (sometimes written ), meaning "Emu Water". It is a major sacred site for the (Emu Dreaming).

The mountain was given the name "Sir Thomas" by a team of European explorers in 1891. They were on the Elder Scientific Exploring Expedition, which travelled across the Great Victoria Desert between April 1891 and March 1892. The mountain was named after Sir Thomas Elder, the philanthropist who funded and equipped the expedition. The surrounding range is named after Elder's home in Adelaide, a large house called "Birksgate". Mount Lindsay, to the northeast, was named after the leader of the expedition, David Lindsay.

History of salvation

Salvation history, especially in the context of Christian theology, is an approach to understand events as part of the working of God's will to save humans.

These events begin with the Fall of Man at the beginning of history (Book of Genesis) and include the covenants between God and Noah, Abraham, and Moses, the establishment of King David's dynasty etc. 

These and others are seen as necessary preparations for the salvation (Christianity) of all by Christ's crucifixion and resurrection. 


Thomas Elder

Sir Thomas Elder (August 5, 1817—March 6, 1897) was a Scottish businessman who moved to South Australia and set up the largest wool selling company in the world.

Elder came to South Australia in 1854. He worked with his brother George, and then became a business partners with Edward Stirling, Robert Barr Smith and John Taylor. They spent money setting up the copper mines at Moonta and Wallaroo which made them all very rich. When Stirling and Taylor retired, Elder and Smith became Elder Smith and Company. This company became the biggest wool selling company in the world.

Elder spent money buying large properties for sheep in outback South Australia, Queensland and Western Australia. Some of these included Paratoo, Umberatana, Mount Lyndhurst, Blanchewater and Beltana. He had ridden camels while on holiday in Palestine, and thought they would be good for use in the Australian deserts. He brought 124 camels and Afghan people to breed camels at Beltana. These were used for the building of the Australian Overland Telegraph. Elder provided money and camels for exploration by Peter Egerton Warburton (1872-73), Ernest Giles (1875), John Ross (1874), Lewis (1875), and the Royal Geographical Society of South Australia (1891).

He became a member of the South Australian Parliament Legislative Council in 1863-69 and 1871-78. He became interested in horse racing and set up stables at Morphetville. He built a grand Scottish style house at Mount Lofty, which was where he died in 1897.

He was a very rich man, and gave money to many organizations in South Australia. This included £26,000 for the University of Adelaide, £20,000 for mathematics and general science, £31,000 to the Medical School, and £21,000 to the School of Music. In his will he gave £10,000 to the Presbyterian Church, £4000 for the Church of England cathedral, £4000 for the Methodist Prince Alfred College, £25,000 to set up a Working Men's Home, and £16,000 to the hospital.

Mir Sultan Khan

Malik Mir Sultan Khan (1905 – 25 April 1966) was the strongest chess master of his time from Asia. He was a manservant from British India who travelled with his master, Colonel Nawab Sir Umar Hayat Khan, to Britain, where he took the chess world by storm.

In an international chess career of less than five years (1929–33), he won the British Chess Championship three times in four tries (1929, 1932, 1933), and had tournament and match results that put him among the top ten players in the world. Sir Umar then brought him back to his homeland, where he gave up chess and returned to his humble life. He has been called "perhaps the greatest natural player of modern times". He was generally recognised as a grandmaster, but when FIDE took over control of chess, he was forgotten. At the FIDE 1948 meeting, a number of former players were given retrospective titles, but not Khan.

Sultan Khan learned the Indian form of chess from his father at the age of nine. This was a form of chess which was similar to modern chess, but still had some features of the old Arabic chess. The main feature was that pawns did not move two squares on their first move. Therefore, the role of opening theory was less important, and gemes developed more slowly.

By the time Sultan Khan was 21 he was the strongest player in the Punjab. At that time, Sir Umar took him into his household with the idea of teaching him the European version of the game and introducing him to European master chess. In 1928, he won the all-India championship, scoring eight wins, one draw, and no losses.

After some training with British masters, Khan entered the British Chess Championship. To everyone's surprise, he won. Next year, in May 1930, Sultan Khan began an international chess career in which he defeated many of the world's leading players. His best results were second to Savielly Tartakower at Liège 1930; third at the Hastings International Chess Congress 1930–31 behind future World Champion Max Euwe and former World Champion José Raúl Capablanca; fourth at Hastings 1931–32; fourth at Bern 1932; and a tie for third with at London 1932, behind World Champion Alexander Alekhine and Salo Flohr.

Sultan Khan again won the British Championship in 1932 and 1933. In matches he defeated Tartakower in 1931 (four wins, five draws, and three losses) and narrowly lost to Flohr in 1932 (one win, three draws, and two losses).

Sultan Khan played three times on first board for England at Chess Olympiads. At the 3rd Chess Olympiad, Hamburg 1930, he scored nine wins, four draws, and four losses (64.7%). At the 4th Chess Olympiad, Prague 1931, he faced a much stronger field. He had an outstanding result, scoring eight wins, seven draws, and two losses (67.6%). This included wins against Flohr and Akiba Rubinstein, and draws with Alekhine, Kashdan, Ernst Grünfeld, Gideon Ståhlberg, and Efim Bogolyubov. At the 5th Chess Olympiad, Folkestone 1933, he had his worst result, an even score, winning four games, drawing six, and losing four. Once again, his opponents included the world's best players, such as Alekhine, Flohr, Kashdan, Tartakower, Grünfeld, Ståhlberg, and Lajos Steiner.

In December 1933, Sir Umar took him back to India. In 1935, he won a match against V.K. Khadilkar, yielding just one draw in ten games. After that, he was never heard of by the chess world again.

Watarru Indigenous Protected Area

The Watarru Indigenous Protected Area is an area of 1.2 million hectares in the north west corner of South Australia. It is in the Great Victoria Desert. It is the traditional land of the Pitjantjatjara, Ngaanyatjarra and Yankunytjatjara peoples. These people are known as Anangu.

The area was made an Indigenous Protected Area in June 2000. It is managed by the Anangu according to their traditional laws and practices known as Tjukurpa. The environment has not been damaged by cattle grazing or other farming practices. The Anangu are working with scientists to develop ways of dealing with feral animals including cats, foxes and camels. 


Indigenous Protected Area

An Indigenous Protected Area, or IPA, is an area of land or sea owned by the Indigenous peoples of Australia. In an IPA the owners have made an agreement with the Australian Government to protect biodiversity and cultural resources.

There are over 50 IPAs covering an area of more than 36 million hectares. It is planned to increase this area by another 8 million hectares by 2018. In July 2012, the southern Tanami Indigenous Protected Area was declared, covering 10 million hectares in the Northern Territory. This is the traditional home of the Warlpairi, and includes the communities of Yuendumu, Willowra and Nyrripi.

Each IPA is managed by its traditional owners. Plants, animals and cultural sites are protected. The owners work with the government to control weeds, feral animals, bushfires, and visitors.

Virginia Bruce

Virginia Bruce (September 29, 1910 - February 24, 1982) was an American actress who played in movies and television. She was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. She died from cancer, aged 71, in California.

Military radio station of Pierre-sur-Haute

The Military radio station of Pierre-sur-Haute is a site used for French military communications. It is located in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It also hosts a civilian radio relay, which is used by Télédiffusion de France.

In the beginning of 2013, the radio station became famous world-wide after the French intelligence agency Direction centrale du renseignement intérieur (DCRI) reportedly attempted to have the article removed from the French Wikipedia. This request was denied by the Wikimedia Foundation in March 2013. After this denial, the DCRI had forced a contributor to the French Wikipedia to remove it leading to world-wide media coverage. The deleted French Wikipedia article was soon restored, because there were no reasons for deletion according to the Wikipedia standards visible. Meanwhile, the article has been translated into 23 other languages, still counting.

In 1913, a semaphore telegraph was built where the military radio station is now. At the time, it was only a small stone building, with the semaphore on top.

In 1961, NATO asked the French army to extend the site. Since then, it is one of the 82 NATO transmission stations in Europe. This network is known as ACE High system. In this network, the Pierre-sur-Haute station, served as a relay between the Lachens station to the south, and the Mont-Août station to the north. It used four 10 kW transmitters and sixteen receivers. In 1974, the French Air Force took control of the station. In 1988, NATO began to decommission the ACE High system.

The site is owned by the French Air Force. It is controlled from a site near Lyon, about away. It has a heliport, and is accessible by helicopter. There is also a private road, which starts at the Col du Béal. This road cannot be used when there is heavy snow of more than . Another option is using a hiking trail, which can be used by tracked vehicles. Since the site is of strategic importance to the French army, it has been "hardened". This means that it has its own power supply and can withstand an attack.

There are about twenty people on site. The main purpose of the site is to analyse and relay signals.

Seattle Metropolitans

The Seattle Metropolitans were an American professional ice hockey team in the Pacific Coast Hockey Association (PCHL), based in Seattle, Washington from 1915 to 1924. 

In 1917, The Metropolitans became the first American team to win the Stanley Cup when they defeated the Montreal Canadiens 3 games to 1. They played their home game at the Seattle Ice Arena.


Edward Brooke

Edward William Brooke III (October 26, 1919 – January 3, 2015) was an American politician. He was elected to the United States Senate as a Republican from Massachusetts in 1966. He beat his Democratic rival Endicott Peabody by many votes. 

He served for two terms, and lost to Paul Tsongas in the 1978 Senate election. Brooke was the oldest living former Senator since Harry F. Byrd, Jr.'s death on July 30, 2013.

Brooke was born on October 26, 1919 in Washington, D.C. He was raised in Washington, D.C. and Boston, Massachusetts. Brooke studied at Howard University and the Boston University School of Law. He was a United States Army officer in Italy during Wold War II.

Brooke was the first African-American politician to be popularly elected to the Senate. He was the only person of African heritage sent to the Senate in the 20th century until Democrat Carol Moseley Braun of Illinois in 1993. Brooke was also the first African-American senator since the Reconstruction Era.

Brooke was the last Republican Senator elected from Massachusetts until Scott Brown was elected in 2010. Brooke was also the oldest living former Republican Senator and oldest living former Senator after the death of Harry F. Byrd, Jr. in July 2013. Byrd was Senator around the same time as Brooke.

He married Remigia Ferrari-Scacco in 1947. They had two children. They divorced in 1979. He married Ann Fleming in 1979. Their marriage would last until Brooke's death in 2015. They had one child. He wrote a book about his life, "Bridging the Divide: My Life", in 2007. He lived in Coral Gables, Florida.

In September 2002, he was diagnosed with breast cancer. He worked at raising awareness of the disease among men.

On January 3, 2015, Brooke died at his home in Coral Gables, Florida at the age of 95 from natural causes.


Brandon Saad

Brandon Saad (born October 27, 1992, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American professional ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Chicago Blackhawks.

He was drafted by the Blackhawks with the 43rd overall pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. Saad scored his first career NHL goal on February 5, 2013, against Antti Niemi of the San Jose Sharks. Before going to the NHL, he played 2 seasons with the Saginaw Spirit of the Ontario Hockey League. He won the gold medal with the United States at the 2010 IIHF World U18 Championships. On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

On June 30, 2015, the Blackhawks traded Saad along with Alex Broadhurst and Michael Paliotta, to the Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for Jeremy Morin, Marko Daňo, Artem Anisimov, Corey Tropp and a fourth-round draft pick in 2016.


Harry F. Byrd Jr.

Harry Flood Byrd, Jr. (December 20, 1914 – July 30, 2013) was an American politician. He represented Virginia in the United States Senate from 1965 to 1983. 

Byrd was born in Winchester, Virginia. He served in the United States Army during World War II from 1941 to 1945.

Byrd is best known for leaving the Democratic Party in 1971 and becoming an Independent, although he continued to support the Democratic Party and would call himself an Independent Democrat. He is the son of Harry F. Byrd, Sr., whom he replaced as senator. He retired in 1982.

Byrd died from heart disease at the age of 98 on July 30, 2013.

Byrd was born on December 20, 1914 in Winchester, Virginia. He studied at the Virginia Military Institute and at the University of Virginia.

Byrd served in the Senate of Virginia from 1948 to November 1965. In November 1965, Byrd's father resigned from the U.S. Senate for health reasons. At Harry, Sr.'s suggestion, Harry, Jr. was appointed to succeed him by Virginia Governor Albertis S. Harrison Jr.. He won a special election as a Democrat to serve the remainder of his father's term in 1966.

Byrd was the first Independent politician to be elected to the U.S. Senate by a majority of the popular vote.

In 1971, Byrd proposed a bill to allow the importation of various metals from Rhodesia. This was called the Byrd Amendment. It went against the position of the President and the United Nations Security Council. They didn't allow most forms of trade or financial exchange with Rhodesia, which had a white-controlled government. The bill passed. It allowed Rhodesia to trade with the U.S. until it was repealed in 1977.

Byrd easily won reelection in 1976. He defeated Democrat Elmo R. Zumwalt, Jr. The Republicans concentrated in carrying Virginia knstead of running a candidate that year.

Even as a senator, Byrd wrote regular editorial content for his newspapers. His writing mixed journalism and politics. Two months after his death, Byrd left $760,000 in his will to newspaper employees in his hometown of Winchester. 

Byrd did not run for reelection in 1982. He moved back to his hometown of Winchester. He was succeeded by U.S. Representative Paul S. Trible, Jr.. Trible served only one term and did not seek reelection in 1988.

Byrd married Gretchen Bigelow Thomson in 1941. They had three children. Thomson died in 1989. Byrd lived in Harrisonburg, Virginia.

On October 20, 2009, retired U.S. Senator Clifford P. Hansen died. After that, Byrd was the oldest living former senator until his death in 2013 at the age of 98. Former United States Senator of Massachusetts Edward Brooke became the oldest living former Senator.

On July 30, 2013, Byrd died at his home in Winchester, Virginia. He died from heart disease. He was 98.


Heinrich Wilhelm Schott

Heinrich Wilhelm Schott was an Austrian botanist well known for his extensive work on aroids (Family Araceae).

He was born on 7 January 1794 in Brno, a city in Moravia that in those years was part of the Austrian Empire and that now is part of the Czech Republic. As a young boy, he came to live in Vienna, where his father was the chief gardener of the botanical garden of the university.

He studied botany, agriculture and chemistry at the University of Vienna, where he was a student of the botanist Joseph Franz von Jacquin (1766-1839). In 1815 he became gardener at the garden for the Austrian flora at the Belveder palace.

He was a participant in the Austrian Brazil Expedition from 1817 to 1821. While in Brazil from mid-1817 through 1821, Schott established and managed an introduction garden for accustoming living plants to more temperate climates in order to have them brought to Europe at a later date, made field trips, and prepared many notes concerning the plants and animals he saw.

In 1821 Schott returned to Vienna, where he worked as gardener again. In 1828 he was appointed "Hofgärtner" (Royal Gardener) in Vienna, later serving as director of the Imperial Gardens at Schönbrunn Palace (1845). In 1852 he was in charge of transforming part of palace gardens in the fashion of an English garden. He also enriched the Viennese court gardens with his collections from Brazil.

He was interested in plants that grow in high mountains, above the tree line, He developed a garden with that kind of plants (an alpine garden) at Belvedere in Vienna.

He died at the Schönbrunn Palace, Vienna, on 5 March 1865.


Other botanists named plants in honour of Schott; some of them are:


Kol Yisrael

Kol Yisrael (; lit. "Voice of Israel", also "Israel Radio") is the national radio station in Israel. It is operated under the the country's public broadcasting service. "Kan Reka" is one of Kol Yisrael's radio stations, and is broadcasting in 10 languages, including English, Spanish, Russian and more. 


Israel Broadcasting Authority

Israel Broadcasting Authority (IBA; , ) is the public broadcasting authority of Israel. It is in charge of radio and television in Israel.


Mount Carmel

Mount Carmel is a mountain in northern Israel. The mountain is a north-west branch from the Samaria Mountains to Haifa and the Mediterranean Sea. The city of Haifa is located at the base of the mountain and the connection to the sea. The mountain is above sea level. The Bahá'í World Centre is located on Mount Carmel. The Carmelit funicular metro and the Cable cars in Haifa, provide public transport between the mountain base and the mountain top.

The name in Hebrew is ' (), which means "God's vineyard". In Arabic it is , ' or "", "Mount Saint Elias".


Mount Tabor (Israel)

Mount Tabor ( "", ) is a mountain in northern Israel, in the Galilee Mountains in the eastern edge of the Jezreel Valley. Mount Tabor is above sea level.

Coobool Creek

Coolbool Creek is an archaeological site site near the Wakool River in New South Wales, Australia. It is about half way between Swan Hill and Deniliquin. The site is near Doherty's Hut at Coobool Crossing, although the exact spot is unknown. 

G. M. Black found 126 skulls at the site in 1950. It has been difficult to give an exact age for the skulls, but one has been dated to 14,300 years ago. Some of the skulls also show artificial cranial deformation. The age, location, and deformities make the site similar to another Pleistocene site at Kow Swamp. Some scientists have said that this shows they were part of the same population, but others have disagreed. Because Coolbool Creek skulls were found on the surface it is difficult to date them, and other scientists have argued that they might be much older.

The skulls were kept at the University of Melbourne until 1984. They were returned to the local Aboriginal communities and reburied.

Brontotheriidae

The Brontotheriidae, also called Titanotheriidae, is a family of extinct mammals belonging to the order Perissodactyla. This is the order that includes horses, rhinoceroses, and tapirs. On the outside, Brontotheres looked rather like rhinos, but they were actually more closely related to horses. They lived around 56–34 million years ago, until the end of the Eocene.

Later brontotheres were huge, up to 2.5 m (8.2 ft) in height with bizarre horn-like skull appendages.

Brandon Bollig

Brandon Bollig (born January 31, 1987, in Saint Charles, Missouri) is an American retired professional ice hockey center. He currently plays for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Chicago Blackhawks.
He was not drafted by a team but the Blackhawks signed Bollig to a two-year entry-level contract and put him on their AHL farm team, the Rockford IceHogs. He played 2 seasons with the IceHogs and was called up to the Blackhawks on February 28, 2012. He scored his first NHL goal on April 14, 2012, against Mike Smith of the Phoenix Coyotes in a playoff game. Bollig also portrayed Will Cross, age 12 in the 2002 film Defiance. On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

On June 28, 2014 at the 2014 NHL Entry Draft, the Blackhawks traded Bollig to the Calgary Flames in exchange for the 83rd overall pick in the draft.


Birksgate Range

The Birksgate Range is a scattered group of mountains in the northwest of South Australia. It is on the northeast edges of the Great Victoria Desert. It spreads for about from Iltur in the southeast to Watarru in the northwest. The northern portion of it is protected in the Watarru Indigenous Protected Area. The range consists of granitic rock protrusions that have been weathered into rounded and rugged hills. They are not visibly connected to each other. Each are separated by flat plains and sand dunes. The mountains are fairly low in elevation; they are highest at the northern end.

Prominent peaks in the range include the following: Mounts Lindsay (819 m) and Wooltarlinna are at the northeastern end of the range, near Watarru. Further southwest are Mounts Holder and Sir Thomas (773 m). From here the range spreads southeast along the edge of the desert and the hills generally become lower and more widely dispersed. Mount Poondinna (678 m) is the highest peak in the central part of the range. Mounts Cheesman and Yaroona (also spelled Yaruna) are further to the southeast. The southern end of the range is at Iltur (Coffin Hill).

The Birksgate Range was named by the explorer David Lindsay, who led the Elder Scientific Exploring Expedition across the Great Victoria Desert between April 1891 and March 1892. He named the range for the man who funded and equipped their expedition, Sir Thomas Elder. "Birksgate" was the name of Elder's house in Adelaide.

NES Zapper

The NES Zapper is a light gun accessory for the Nintendo Entertainment System game console. It was released with the console's launch in North America in 1985. It allows players to aim at the screen and hit targets such as ducks, clay pigeons, and criminals. To hit targets, players have to point the device at the television and pull the trigger. It is used on supported NES games such as "Duck Hunt" and "Wild Gunman". It looks like a futuristic science fiction ray gun with the colors matching the NES console. The Zapper can only be used on CRT displays and will not work on LCDs, plasma displays or other flat panel displays due to display lag.

APK (file format)

Android Package Kit (APK) is the file format that software for Android is distributed in. It is an extension of the ZIP file format. An APK file contains bitcode for Android's Dalvik Virtual machine, resources used by the program (such as images and sounds), and sometimes native executable code, usually for the ARM processor.

Yuki people

The Yuki are a Native American group of California. Their traditional territory is around Round Valley, in what is now Mendocino County. The Yuki call themselves the Ukomno'm, meaning "Valley People." European Americans learned and adopted the name "Yuki" from the their neighbours, the Nomlaki, who called them "enemy" in the Wintu language. "Yuki" is an exonym, a name by another group.

Johnny Oduya

David Johnny Oduya (born October 1, 1981) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Dallas Stars. He has also played for the New Jersey Devils, Atlanta Thrashers, Winnipeg Jets, and Chicago Blackhawks.

He was drafted by the Washington Capitals with the 221st overall pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft. He first played in the NHL for the New Jersey Devils. He played 4 seasons with the Devils before he was traded to the Atlanta Thrashers on February 4, 2010 along with Niclas Bergfors, Patrice Cormier and a 1st round draft pick in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft for Ilya Kovalchuk and Anssi Salmela. He played 3 seasons with the Atlanta Thrashers/Winnipeg Jets and was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks for a 2nd round pick and a 3rd round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.

On July 15, 2015, Oduya signed a two-year contract with the Dallas Stars.

Judaean Mountains

The Judaean Mountains, ( "Harei Yehuda"; "Jibal al-Khalil"), also known as the Judaean Hills and Hebron Hills, is a mountain range in Israel and Palestine. It spreads across the borders of Israel and the West Bank, where Jerusalem and several other ancient cities are located. The mountains reach a height of 1,000 metres above sea level.



Mount of Temptation

The Mount of Temptation is said to be the hill in the Judean Desert where Jesus was tempted by Satan. The exact location is unknown. It is generally identified with Mount Quarantania, a limestone mountain about 366 metres (1,200 feet) high, located about northwest of the town of Jericho.

Black Gives Way to Blue

Black Gives Way to Blue is the fourth studio album by American rock band, Alice in Chains. "Black Gives Way to Blue" was released on September 25, 2009. The album featured the singles "A Looking in View", "Check My Brain", "Your Decision" and "Lesson Learned". It has sold a million copies around the world.

"Black Gives Way to Blue" was the first Alice in Chains album to feature new vocalist/guitarist William DuVall, who took over after the death of former lead singer Layne Staley. The album was also the first studio album made by Alice in Chains since their self-titled album was released in 1995. It is the band's first album to be released on Virgin Records.

The album got mainly good reviews. It was voted number 2 in Kerrang!'s top twenty albums of 2009.

Music videos were released for "A Looking in View", "Check My Brain", "Your Decision", "Acid Bubble" which is available as an interactive video on AliceinChains.com), "Last of My Kind" and "Lesson Learned".

The song "Check My Brain" was nominated for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 2010 Grammy Awards. Their song "A Looking in View" was also nominated for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 2011 Grammy Awards.


The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here

The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here is the fifth studio album by American rock band, Alice in Chains. "The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here" was released on May 28, 2013. The album features the singles "Hollow", "Stone", and "Voices".

Guitarist Jerry Cantrell said about the album, "I don't think you'll be surprised by anything you hear. ... It's us. But it's also really unique. It's got all the elements of any record we've put out, but it's unlike any record we've put out. Basically, it's the next chapter in the Alice in Chains book, and it's going to be a big one."


Tipu Sultan

Tipu Sultan (1 December 1751 – 4 May 1799), is also known as the mysoor, was the ruler of Mysore from 1782 to 1799. He was also a scholar, soldier and poet. Tipu was the eldest son of Sultan Hyder Ali and his wife Fathima Fakhr-un-Nisar. Tipu Sultan was born in Devanahalli in 1751. The birthplace of Tipu Sultan, located very close to the Devanahalli Fort is just a small pillared closed place with a stone tablet which declares the place to be the birthplace of Tipu Sultan. The area around the place is known as Khas Bagh.

Tipu sultan introduced several new laws, including new coinage, a new lunisolar calendar and a new land revenue system. He(Tipu sultan) started the growth of the silk industry in Mysore. At the request of the French, he built a church, the first in Mysore. With French help, Tipu Sultan fought against the British to keep Mysore's independence.His ancestors were Muslim Sipra (Gill Jats) from Punjab

Tipu sultan was born in the Bangalore area of devanto Hyder Ali, a military officer and practical ruler of the kingdom of Mysore in the year 1751. His Father & Mother named their baby Fateh Ali but after called him Tipu after the local saint Tipu Mastan Aulia.Soon, Hyder Ali’s career progressed and in 1761 he became the ruler of Mysore. Hyder Ali had a political alliance with the French, and Tipu studied military tactics and strategies from the French.

He had some of the best tutors to teach him various subjects like shooting, riding and swordsmanship and joined his father in the 1766 invasion of Malabar. Tipu at age 15 with a force of only two to three thousand men captured the family of the Malabar chief. The Malabar ruler surrendered to Hyder Ali because of Tipu’s successful invasion.

Ghazi Khan, a high officer in the military of Hyder Ali and a great warrior himself, tutored Tipu Sultan. This military education made Tipu a great soldier and a general.Tipu sultan died in 4th Anglo Mysore war

After Hyder Ali died in the year 1782, Tipu became the new ruler of Mysore. He had already fought in two victorious wars – the First Anglo Mysore and the Second Anglo Mysore War, under the leadership of his father. He knew that British forces were a great threat to his kingdom. He therefore focused more on military advances especially Mysorean rockets which were successfully used by his father in the Second Anglo Mysore War against the British.
Mysorean missiles were iron cased rockets fitted with swords in them. These rockets used to travel long, covering various kilometres up in the air before launching down – attacking the enemies with swords. Although there were missiles in the Europe, Mysorean Missiles became famous due to their coverage and destructive capacity. Hyder Ali’s Mysore rockets, undoubtedly, were very advanced missiles than what the British had seen. Tipu Sultan had written a Military Manual Fathul Mujahidin in which he explained the operation of these Mysore Rockets. This was mainly due to the strong iron tubes which were used for holding the rocket propellant. They enabled greater thrust and extended distance up to 2 km.

In the year 1801, several of the Mysore rockets were sent to England in the Royal Arsenal lab for R&D by Col. (Later Sir) William Congreve. Roughly, 4 years later in the year 1805, Royal Arsenal came up with their first Congreve rocket only due to the Technology devised by Haider Ali and his son Tipu Sultan. These Congreve Rockets helped the British troops in the Napoleonic Wars and also in the War of 1812. Not to forget, the Battle of Baltimore in the year 1814 was won mainly due to these rockets.

Bangalore Fort though built by Kempe Gowda of Vijaynagar Empire in the 16th century, was renovated and made into a stone fort by Hyder Ali in 1761. At one point in time when the British bombed the fort, Tipu Sultan repaired it completely. However, the fort was captured by the British after the third Anglo Mysore War. Currently, Delhi Gate and remnants of bastions are the only two parts remaining of this once so powerful fort.

Within the Bangalore fort, there is a palace made of wood famously known as Tipu Sultan’s Summer Palace. Though started during the period of Hyder Ali, its building ended during the reign of Tipu Sultan. An example of Indo-Islamic architecture, the walls of the palace are embellished by pretty flower motifs. Currently, the fort is a tourist place in Bangalore near the Kalasipalyam Bus Stand.

Tipu Sultan in his tenure also finished the construction of Lal Bagh Botanical Garden in the Bangalore area which was started by his father Haider Ali. The garden has a large collection of tropical plants as well as a lake and an aquarium. Located in South Bangalore, it is one of the major hot spot of Bangalore. The garden is made in the Mughal style and comprises several plants and trees from various nations.

Srirangapatnam, the island fortress was the capital of Mysore during the 19th century. It was so well organized with good trade routes that British feared terrible consequences. In addition, the ruler of Mysore had an army as effective as that of British. This led to four to consecutive wars. Although the first two were won by the Ruler of Mysore, the third had dire consequences – Tipu’s two sons aged 8 and 10 were detained by the British forces. Finally, in the fourth, the British first besieged the fortress and then took it by storm. Tipu Sultan, the ruler of Mysore, was killed in the battle for Srirangapatnam.

Barabbas

Barabbas is a person from the Bible who lived around the time of Jesus (33 AD). He has a bad reputation for being a liar, thief, insurrectionist and zealot. He was released by Pontius Pilate the Roman governor of Judea who presided over Jesus' trial. The most notable thing about Barabbas is that this name was his surname (last name), but his first name was also Jesus. So when Pilate — who was warned by his wife to leave this Holy man alone — offered to set free one of the prisoners, he was offering the crowd in Jerusalem two Jesuses to choose from: Jesus Barabbas or Jesus of Nazareth. Pilate released Barabbas and ordered Jesus, "King of the Jews", to be crucified.

Wolf–Rayet star

Wolf–Rayet stars (WR stars) are evolved, massive stars (over 20 solar masses initially). They are losing mass rapidly by means of a very strong stellar wind, with speeds up to 2000 km/s. While our own Sun loses about 10 solar masses every year, Wolf–Rayet stars typically lose 10 solar masses a year.

Wolf–Rayet stars are extremely hot, with surface temperatures in the range of 30,000 K to around 200,000 K that make them look blue in color. They are also highly luminous, from tens of thousands to several million times the bolometric luminosity of the Sun, although not exceptionally bright visually since most of their output is in far ultraviolet and even "soft" X-rays.

In astronomy, luminosity is not quite the same thing as brightness. Luminosity measures the total amount of energy emitted</u/l> by a star or other astronomical object in SI units of joules per second, which are watts. A watt is one unit of power, and just as a light bulb is measured in watts, so is the Sun, which has a total power output of 3.846×10 W. This number is the basic metric used in astronomy: it is known as 1 solar luminosity, the symbol for which is formula_1. 

Radiant power, however, is not the only way to conceptualize brightness, so other metrics are also used. The most common is apparent magnitude, which is the perceived brightness of an object from an observer on Earth at visible wavelengths. Other metrics are absolute magnitude, which is an object's intrinsic brightness at visible wavelengths, irrespective of distance. The measure of luminosity is "bolometric magnitude", the total power output across all wavelengths.

Star formation

Star formation means the earliest stages in a star's life. Dense regions of particles exist in molecular clouds known as "stellar nurseries". The clouds collapse under gravitation into spheres of plasma to form stars. 

High density regions of the interstellar medium (ISM) form clouds, or "nebulae", where star formation takes place. 

In the dense nebulae where stars are produced, much of the hydrogen is in the molecular (H) form, so these nebulae are called molecular clouds. The largest such formations, giant molecular clouds, have densities of 100 particles per cm, diameters of , and masses up to 6 million solar masses, and an average interior temperature of 10 K. About half the total mass of the galactic ISM is found in molecular clouds. In the Milky Way there are about 6,000 molecular clouds, each with more than 100,000 solar masses. The nearest nebula to the Sun where massive stars are being formed is the Orion nebula, away. However, lower mass star formation is occurring about 400–450 light years distant in the ρ Ophiuchi cloud complex.

A more compact site of star formation is the opaque clouds of dense gas and dust known as Bok globules; so named after the astronomer Bart Bok. The Bok globules are typically up to a light year across and contain a few solar masses. They can be seen as dark clouds against bright emission nebulae or background stars. Over half the known Bok globules have been found to contain newly forming stars.

A spiral galaxy like the Milky Way contains stars, the remains of stars (stellar remnants) and a diffuse interstellar medium (ISM) of gas and dust. The interstellar medium consists of 10 to 10 particles per cm usually of about 70% hydrogen by mass, with most of the remaining gas consisting of helium. This medium is chemically enriched by trace amounts of heavier elements that were ejected from stars as they passed beyond the end of their main sequence lifetime. 

In contrast to spirals, an elliptical galaxy loses the cold component of its interstellar medium within about a billion years. This hinders the galaxy from forming diffuse nebulae except through mergers with other galaxies.

This is a massive protostar about 300 times brighter than our Sun. Astronomers have caught a key stage in the birth of a very heavy star. They used two radio telescope views of the process 18 years apart. The young star is 4,200 light-years from Earth and is surrounded by a doughnut-shaped cloud of dust.

The first observation was in 1996. By 2015 its stellar wind changed from a compact spherical form to a larger, ionized elliptical shape. This gave information about what happens as a massive star forms. Being able to observe its rapid growth is unique, according to Huib van Langevelde of Leiden University, one of the authors of a study of the object.

Indulkana Range

The Indulkana Range is a range of hills in the northwest of South Australia. It is sometimes called the Mount Chandler Range after its highest peak. It is located to the southwest of Indulkana, on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara lands. The mountains of the Indulkana area are part of the traditional country of the Yankunytjatjara and Antakarinya.

The range consists of a series of parallel ridges running east to west. The southern side of the range ends in an escarpment, the most prominent point of which is Chambers Bluff. The rock is made up of quartzite and sandstone rock, resting on slates of kaolinised clay. At the eastern end of the range is Mount Chandler, which overlooks the settlement of Indulkana and the Indulkana Creek. It rises about from its base. It is made up of quartzite, quartz sandstone and sandstone. Slightly north of the escarpment, and following its path from east to west, is a series of gorges that split the hills. The gorges contain several reliable springs.


Hydrazone

A hydrazone is the functional group with structure RRC=NNH. They are like aldehydes or ketones, with an NNH group instead of the oxygen atom.

They are made by reacting hydrazines with ketones or aldehydes:

Hydrazones are very useful molecules to do some reactions. For example, a ketone can be reduced down completely if made into a hydrazine and then treated with sodium ethoxide (Wolff–Kishner reduction). Hydrazones are very important intermediates in many reactions, such as the Fischer indole synthesis. This makes indoles, groups which are found in many drugs.

Protest the Hero

Protest the Hero are a Canadian progressive metal band from Whitby, Ontario. 

Protest the Hero was formed in 2001 under the original name, Happy Go Lucky. They changed their name to Protest the Hero the next year and recorded their first EP, "Search for the Truth". 

The band released their debut full-length album "Kezia" on August 30, 2005 in Canada and on April 4, 2006 in the United States. They released their second studio album "Fortress" on January 29, 2008. Their third studio album "Scurrilous" was released on March 16, 2011 in Japan and on March 22, 2011 in both Canada and the Unites States. The band announced that they were releasing their fourth studio album in Summer 2013. The band said that the album would be crowdfunded through Indiegogo. The album had a fundraising goal of $125,000 and was reached within 30 hours. The band eventually reached $341,146 in fundraising which nearly tripled their original set goal.




Reaction intermediate

A reaction intermediate or simply intermediate is a molecule that is formed during a chemical reaction. It is not the final product, but it is something that is more like the product than the reactants. After every step in a reaction mechanism, an intermediate is formed.

Intermediates usually stay around for a little time because they are very reactive. However, it is important not to confuse an intermediate with a transition state. The latter is at a point of maximum energy. An intermediate instead is at a point of minimum energy, i.e. it is a stable molecule. Intermediates can be isolated from a reaction if needed. 

For example, in the reaction:

A + B → X → C + D

X is the intermediate. In going from A + B to X and from X to C + D, the reaction will go through a transition state.

Gulf of Aqaba

The Gulf of Aqaba (, transliterated: ') or Gulf of Eilat (, transliterated: ') is a wide gulf between the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt and west of the Arabian Peninsula in Saudi Arabia. The gulf is an extension of the Red Sea. It is long and wide. At this northern end of the Gulf are three cities: Taba in Egypt, Eilat in Israel, and Aqaba in Jordan.


Erythema ab igne

Erythema ab igne is a rash of the skin, which is usually caused by the long-term exposure to heat or infrared radiation, and which is not a burn. Usually the name is abbreviated "EAI". Other names include hot water bottle rash fire stains, laptop thigh, granny's tartan and toasted skin syndrome.

Some people may complain of mild itchiness and a burning sensation. When a change in skin pigmentation can not be seen, it is often not noticed at all.

Ayalon River

Ayalon River (, "Nahal Ayalon", "Nahr el barideh" or Wadi Musrara, in Arabic) is a river in central Israel. The river starts in the Judaean Mountains and flows as a dry river from the mountains to the Ayalon Valley in the Shfela region. After this, it flows into a floodplain in the Ayalon Park and gets filled with water. After that it turns into a channel flowing alongside Road 20 in Tel Aviv and also a railway track beside it and flows to the Yarkon River inside the Yarkon Park at the end.

Capella

Capella (α Aurigae, α Aur, Alpha Aurigae) is the brightest star in the constellation Auriga, the eleventh brightest star in the night sky and the third brightest star in the northern celestial hemisphere, after Arcturus and Vega.

Although it appears to be a single star to the naked eye, it is actually a star system of four stars in two binary pairs. The first pair consists of two bright, large type-G giant stars, both with a radius about 10 times the Sun's, in close orbit around each other. These two stars are thought to be cooling and expanding on their way to becoming red giants.

The second pair, around 10,000 astronomical units from the first, consists of two faint, small and relatively cool red dwarfs. The Capella system is relatively close, at only from Earth.

The system is a member of the Hyades moving group, a group of stars moving in the same direction as the Hyades cluster.

Yarkon River

Yarkon River (, "") is a river in central Israel that flows into the Mediterranean Sea. The river starts in the Yarkon National Garden near Rosh HaAyin and flows past the city of Petah Tikva. After then it flows through the Yarkon Park in the north of the Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area beside the cities of Bnei Brak and Ramat Gan, and then flows through Tel Aviv and into the Mediterranean Sea next to the Yarkon River Peninsula and the Tel Aviv Port.

The Yarkon River has a written history of 2000 years. It is described in the Hebrew Bible as a border of the Tribe of Dan of Israelite.


Mountifort Longfield Conner

Mountifort Longfield Conner was a South Australian politician. He represented the electorates of Light (1871—1873) and Albert (1875). In 1874 he was a made a Commissioner of the Goldfields Commission, which supervised mining leases in the Northern Territory. Mount Conner in the Northern Territory was named after him by explorer William Gosse in 1873.

Kishon River

The Kishon River is a river in northern Israel. It is the second biggest river of the shores of the Mediterranean Sea in Israel. The river starts in the Samaria Mountains. It goes through the Jezreel Valley. It goes north beside Mount Carmel. It flows to the Mediterranean sea.

The Kishon River is in the Jewish Bible book of Book of Judges.

For many years, this the river was very polluted from of the factories around it. It was the biggest polluted river in Israel. In 2010 the Israeli government started a project to clean the river. It built a big public urban park that will be finished within 10 years.


Going the Distance

"Going the Distance" may also mean:


Wolf 359

Wolf 359 is a red dwarf in the constellation Leo first measured in 1919 by Max Wolf. About 7.8 light years from the Earth, it has an apparent magnitude of 13.5 and can only be seen with a large telescope. 

Wolf 359 is one of the nearest stars to the Solar System. Only the Alpha Centauri system (including Proxima Centauri), Barnard's Star, and WISE 1049-5319 are closer. It is mentioned in several works of fiction.

Wolf 359 is one of the faintest and lowest-mass stars known. At the light-emitting layer called the photosphere, it has a temperature of about 2,800 K, which is low enough for chemical compounds to form and survive. The absorption lines of compounds such as water and titanium(II) oxide are in the spectrum. 

The surface has a magnetic field which is stronger than the average magnetic field on the Sun. As a result of magnetic activity caused by convection, Wolf 359 is a flare star that has sudden increases in luminosity for several minutes. These flares give off strong bursts of X-ray and gamma ray radiation. Wolf 359 is a relatively young star with an age of less than a billion years. No companions or disks of debris have been detected in orbit around it.

Annihilator

Annihilator are a Canadian thrash metal band from Ottawa, Ontario.

Annihilator was formed in 1984 by guitarist and bandleader Jeff Waters. He met John Bates and they recorded the song "Annihilator" together. Waters and Bates recruited drummer Paul Malek and bassist Dave Scott into the band but Bates and Scott left a year later.

The band released their first studio album "Alice in Hell" on April 17, 1989. They released their second studio album "Never, Neverland" on September 12, 1990. Both "Alice in Hell" and "Never, Neverland" are considered masterpieces of Canadian heavy metal.

Annihilator is the highest selling heavy metal artist in Canadian history, even though most of the sales have not been in the band's home country.






Gloria Loring

Gloria Loring (December 10, 1946) is an American actress and singer. She began her career at the age of 14. She starred in the soap opera Days of Our Lives. She has also carried several hit songs. 

Loring was born in New York City. She was married to Alan Thicke from 1970 until they divorced in 1984. The couple had two sons, Brennan and Robin.

Cao Yuan

Cao Yuan (; born February 7, 1995 in Beijing) is a Chinese diver. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's synchronized 10 metre platform, winning the gold medal.

Pedro Almodóvar

Pedro Almodóvar Caballero (born 25 September 1949) is a Spanish movie director, producer and screenwriter. His movies include: "All About My Mother" and "Talk to Her".

Almodóvar is openly gay.

Pedro Almodóvar is known for bold colors, complex characters, taboo themes, and nonlinear narratives.

Old Town, Oslo

Old Town is a part of the city of Oslo, Norway. It is the original town settlement of Oslo. The Norwegian royal family previously lived here. Here were also several churches and the home for the Bishop of Oslo. Today there are still ruins left of the old town, protected in parks.

Feral

A feral organism is a plant or animal which has changed from being tame or cultivated to being wild. 

A feral animal is one which has escaped from a domestic or captive status and is living more or less as a wild animal. Animals which were wild before they escaped from captivity are not regarded as feral. For example, a lion which has escaped from a zoo is not a feral animal. Some common examples of animals with feral populations are goats, cats, and pigs. 

Domesticated plants that revert to wild are usually known as escaped, introduced or naturalized rather than feral. However, the changes seen in plants that go wild is similar to those of animals.

Some species go feral easily and successfully. Other species usually do not usually survive in the wild.

The introduction of animals or plants to new areas may break down ecosystems. In some cases it has caused the extinction native species. However, returning lost species to their environment can have the opposite effect, bringing damaged ecosystems back into balance. However, sometimes feral species may control other problem species such as rodents, harmful insects, or aggressive plants.

Dogs can change to feral animals easily, becoming successful hunters. 

The cat can easily become feral. Feral cats are pests in both rural and urban areas. They have seriously damaged bird, reptile and mammal populations. As feral cats breed quickly, it is difficult to control their populations. In rural areas, feral cats are often shot. More recently, the "Trap-Neuter-Return" method has been used as an alternate means of managing the feral cat population.

The goat is one of the oldest domesticated animals, yet easily goes feral and does quite well on its own.

The dromedary camel, which has been domesticated for well over 3,000 years, will also readily go feral. Feral camels, descended from pack animals that escaped in the 19th and early 20th centuries, thrive in the Australian interior today.

Sheep are vulnerable to predation and injury, and do not usually survive as feral animals. However, in places where there are few predators, they get on well, for example in the case of the Soay sheep.

Water buffalo are found in the wetter parts of Western and Northern Australia. The Australian government encourages the hunting of feral water buffalo because of their large numbers.

Cattle have been domesticated since the neolithic era, but can survive for months or even years with little or no supervision. Their ancestors, the Aurochs, were quite fierce. Modern cattle, especially those raised on open range, are generally more docile, but when threatened can display aggression. Cattle, particularly those raised for beef, are often allowed to roam quite freely and have established long term independence in Australia, New Zealand and several Pacific Islands. There are small populations of semi-feral animals living the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. Such cattle are called Mavericks, Scrubbers or Cleanskins. Most free roaming cattle, however untamed, are valuable and are usually rounded up in closely settled regions.

Horses and donkeys, domesticated about 5000 BCE, are feral in open grasslands worldwide ("see" feral horse). In Portugal, feral horses are called Sorraia; in Australia, they are called Brumbies; in the American west, they are called Mustangs. Other isolated feral populations exist, including the Chincoteague Pony and the Banker Horse. They are often referred to as "wild horses," but this is not correct. There are truly "wild" horses that have never been tamed, most notably Przewalski's Horse. While the horse was originally indigenous to North America, the wild ancestor died out at the end of the last Ice Age. In both Australia and the Americas, modern "wild" horses have come from domesticated horses brought by European explorers and settlers that escaped, spread, and thrived.
The pig has feral populations all over the world, including Australia, New Zealand, the United States, New Guinea and the Pacific Islands. Pigs were introduced to the Melanesian and Polynesian regions by humans from several thousand to five hundred years ago, and to Australia and the Americas within the past 500 years. While pigs were brought to New Zealand by the original Polynesian settlers, this population had become extinct by the time of European settlement. All feral pigs in New Zealand today have come from European farm animals. Many European wild boar populations are also come from escaped domestic pigs and are technically feral animals, although they live in the native range of the ancestral species.

Rock doves are kept for their meat or as racing animals, and have established feral populations (called "feral pigeons") in cities worldwide.

Colonies of honey bees often escape into the wild. Their behavior, however, is no different from their behavior "in captivity", until and unless they breed with other feral honey bees of a different genetic stock, which may lead them to become more docile or more aggressive (see Africanized bees).

Large populations of feral parrots are present in various parts of the world. The Rose-ringed Parakeets, Monk Parakeets and Red-masked Parakeets (subject of the documentary movie, The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill) being particularly successful outside of their native habitats and adapting well to suburban environments.

A feral population can damage an ecosystem by eating vulnerable plants or animals, or by competition with indigenous species. Feral plants and animals are often invasive species, and can be a threat to endangered species.

Domestic animals can breed with native, wild animals. This interbreeding can threaten the existence of the original wild population. Examples include the mallard duck, wild boar, the rock dove or pigeon, the Red Junglefowl ("Gallus gallus") (ancestor of all chickens), carp, and salmon. Another example is the dingo, itself an early feral dog, which interbreeds with dogs of other origin. However it is unlikely that this will harm the ecosystems in which these dogs live and some regard the importance of this phenomenon as disputable. In some cases like rabbits, the interbreeding seems not to be noticed. There is much debate over the effect of interbreeding on changes to the genes of a wild species. 

Feral animals compete for food with domestic livestock. They may damage fences, water sources, and vegetation (by overgrazing or introducing seeds of invasive plants). Though hotly disputed, some cite as an example the competition between feral horses and cattle in the western United States. Another example is of goats competing with cattle in Australia, or goats that damage trees and vegetation in environmentally-stressed regions of Africa. Accidental crossbreeding by feral animals may result in harm to breeding programs of pedigreed animals. Their presence may also excite domestic animals and push them to escape. Feral populations can also pass on diseases to domestic herds.

Many feral animals can sometimes be captured at little cost and are therefore an important economic resource. Throughout most of Polynesia and Melanesia feral pigs are the main sources of animal protein. Prior to the Free-roaming Wild Horse and Burro Protection Act of 1971, American mustangs were often captured and sold for horsemeat. In Australia feral goat, pig and camel meat is exported. At certain times, animals were sometimes deliberately left to go feral, typically on islands, in order to be later recovered for profit or food use for travelers (particularly sailors) at the end of a few years.

Scientists can study populations of feral animals to learn about population dynamics, ecology and behavior (ethology) in a wild state of species known mainly in a domestic state. This can give useful information for farmers.

Feral populations sometimes have or develop characteristics which do not always exist in the fully domesticated equivalent. This helps domestic biodiversity and often deserves to be preserved, be it in their feral environment or as domestic animals. For example, feral species that are usually subjects of eradication in certain habitats could become the subject of study to determine if there is a need for their preservation.

American Mustangs have been protected since 1971 in part due to their romance and connection to the history of the American West.



Panama Canal Zone

The Panama Canal Zone () is a former unorganized United States territory. It is now the country of Panama.

In 1903, the territory was controlled by the United States. As a part of the United States, the zone had several towns and military bases. 

The Zone was disestablished in October 1, 1979 as part of a treaty signed in 1977 by President Jimmy Carter and Omar Torrijos, the unofficial leader of Panama.

The Panama Canal was operated by the United States until December 31, 1999, when it returned to Panama.

The treaty was approved by the provisional Panamanian government on December 2, 1903, and by the US Senate on February 23, 1903. While the treaty was approved, the Panamanians received US$10 million, much of which the United States required to be invested in that country. The Canal Zone was formally turned over by Panama on May 4, 1904, when American officials reopened the Panama City offices of the canal company and raised the American flag.


Wii Zapper

The Wii Zapper is a light gun add-on for the Wii Remote made for the Wii game console. It was first released in Japan on October 25, 2007 with "Ghost Squad". It was later released in a package with "Link's Crossbow Training", a shooter video game based on "". It was released in North America on November 19, 2007, in Europe on December 7, 2007, and in Australia on December 13, 2007. It allows players to aim at the screen and hit targets. To hit targets, players have to point the device at the television and pull the trigger. It is mainly used for shooter games, including first-person shooters and third-person shooters. The name is a reference to the NES Zapper, a light gun accessory released for the Nintendo Entertainment System.

Pam Grier

Pamela Suzette Grier (born May 26, 1949) is an American actress. Her movies include "Jackie Brown". She was born in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. 

Thatcher

Thatcher most commonly refers to:

Thatcher may also refer to:






Barbara Ann Scott

Barbara Ann Scott (May 9, 1928 – September 30, 2012) was a Canadian figure skater. Scott was born in Ottawa, Ontario. She was a champion in the 1948 Winter Olympics, a two-time World Champion and a four time Canadian national champion. She was known as "Canada's Sweetheart" when she returned. Admirers greeted her as she returned from the 1948 Olympic games, and March 9th was then declared Barbara Ann Scott Day. In that very same skating season, she dominated North American, European, and World championships, and did this all at a young age.

She was the only Canadian to win the Olympic ladies' singles gold medal, the first North American to win three major titles in one year and the only Canadian to win a European Championship. Long after her victory, sixty-one years later, Scott carried the Olympic torch into the chamber before the 2010 Vancouver Olympic games. Two months later, she carried the Olympic flag along with seven other Canadians into the Opening Ceremonies.

Barbara was a great figure skater. It is an honor to be able to carry both the Olympic torch and the Olympic flag. She was known well by all of the people in Ottawa, Ontario, where she was born. Barbara was truly a wonderful figure skater for Canada in ladies’ singles (skating by themselves).

Scott died on September 30, 2012 at her home in Fernandina Beach, Amelia Island, Florida at age 84. A local arena was named after her in Nepean, Ontario, as part of the Pinecrest Recreation Centre.


Sonic the Hedgehog CD

Sonic the Hedgehog CD or Sonic CD is a platformer video game created by Sega. It is part of the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. It was released for the Sega CD game console in 1993. In chronological order it is after the first game and "before the sequel." The game involves the use of a time travel system that allows Sonic to travel to both the past and the future in a level. Each zone has four variants: the "past," the "present," the "good future," and the "bad future." Each has different graphics, music, enemies, and obstacles. The game introduces two characters to the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series: Amy Rose, a pink female hedgehog who is in love with Sonic, and Metal Sonic, an evil robotic version of Sonic.

"Sonic CD" was released in Japan on September 23, 1993. It was released in Europe in October 1993. The game was released in North America in November 1993.

"Sonic CD" received a lot of praise. The Sega CD version sold more than 1.5 million copies. It sold more copies than any other game on the Sega CD.

The graphics and sound were praised. "Electronic Games" said that the game looked similar to older games. They said it did not use the Sega CD's special features very much. However, they said that this did not make the game worse. They said the music was what made "Sonic CD" "stand above the crowd". The reviewers of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" ("EGM") said the game's animated cinematics and sound were good. however, they said that the frame rate decreases during special stages.

The gameplay was liked. "Sega Pro" said the bigger environments and the time travel added to the replay value. They said that "the more you play "Sonic CD" the better it gets". However, they said they felt the game was too easy. In its debut issue, "Sega Magazine" said "Sonic CD" could be "a classic". They said the originality in the special stages and time travel was great.

Card trick

A card trick is something using playing cards that does not do what you think it should. People called magicians do card tricks. Some examples include finding a certain card in a deck of cards.

Fork bomb

A fork bomb is a way of stopping a computer from running by making many copies of a program. A fork bomb copies itself into more than two copies, which then copy themselves into four copies. Then both the original and the copy will keep making copies until the computer can no longer handle it and crash.

For example, a simple fork bomb using the bash shell script is :

Here, a function is defined by the name " : ". Inside the curly braces, this function is called and its output is given again to the same function. The " & " is used to run the process in background. The semicolon (" ; ") marks end of the function. The last colon (" : ") calls the function for first time. After that the function keeps on calling itself until computer runs out of memory.

Pope Gregory IX

Gregory IX (; c. 1145 – 22 August 1241), born Ugolino dei Conti di Segni, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 178th Pope from 19 March 1227 until his death in 1241. 

The Count of Segni lived in Anagni when his son Ugolino was born. The exact date of this birth is not known, but it was around 1145. Ugolino was a nephew of Pope Innocent III. 

He was created Cardinal in 1198.

Cardinal di Conti was elected pope in 1227. He chose to be called Pope Gregory. 



Tutu (plant)

Tutu is a common name of Māori origin for plants in the genus "Coriaria" (Coriariaceae) found in New Zealand.
Six New Zealand native species are known by the name:

They are shrubs or trees; some are endemic to New Zealand. Most of the plant parts are poisonous, containing the neurotoxin tutin.

Both the seeds and sap of tutu are highly poisonous, resulting in many cattle deaths in the early days of European settlement. After removing the poisonous seeds, Māori people prepared a drink from the fruit, which they often boiled with a type of seaweed (rimu). The resulting jelly (rehia) was then fermented.

Honey containing tutin can be produced by honey bees feeding on honeydew produced by sap-sucking vine hopper insects ("Scolypopa australis") feeding on tutu. The toxin is in the sap of the Tutu bush. This sap is eaten by the hoppers, but not all is digested. The undigested sap which contains a lot of plant sugars as well as tutin is excreted as honeydew onto the leaves of the bush. Bees then gather the honeydew and toxic honey is the result.

The last recorded deaths from eating honey containing tutin were in Northland, New Zealand, in 1890, although sporadic outbreaks of toxic honey poisoning continue to occur. Poisoning symptoms include delirium, vomiting, and coma.

Melanie Amaro

Melanie Ann Amaro (born June 26, 1992) is an American singer. She won the first season of "The X Factor USA" in 2011. For winning, she got a $5 million recording contract with Syco Music and Epic Records. Amaro was also the youngest contestant to win the competition.

Fritz Hollings

Ernest Frederick "Fritz" Hollings (January 1, 1922 – April 6, 2019) was an American politician. Hollings served as a Democratic United States Senator from South Carolina from 1966 to 2005, as well as the 106th Governor of South Carolina (1959–1963) and the 77th Lieutenant Governor (1955–1959). He served 38 years and 55 days in the Senate, which makes him the 8th-longest-serving Senator in history.

Following the death of John Glenn in December 2016, Hollings became the oldest living former United States senator.

Hollings was born on January 1, 1922 in Charleston, South Carolina. He studied at The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina and at the University of South Carolina School of Law.

As governor of South Carolina from January 20, 1959 to January 15, 1963, Hollings worked to improve the state's educational system, helping to bring more industry and employment opportunities to the state. His term in office saw the establishment of the state's technical education system and its educational television network. He also called for and achieved significant increases in teachers' salaries, bringing them closer to the regional average. At the 1961 Governor's Conference on Business, Industry, Education and Agriculture in Columbia, S.C., he declared, "Today, in our complex society, education is the cornerstone upon which economic development must be built--and prosperity assured."

He tried to win the Democratic nomination for a seat in the U.S. Senate in 1962 but lost to incumbent Olin D. Johnston.

For 36 years (until January 2003), he served alongside Republican Strom Thurmond, making them the longest-serving Senate duo ever. This made him the longest-serving junior senator ever, even though he had more seniority than all but a few of his colleagues. Thurmond and Hollings generally had a good relationship despite their sometimes sharp philosophical differences, and frequently collaborated on legislation and projects to benefit South Carolina. Only Thurmond, Robert Byrd, Ted Kennedy, Daniel Inouye, Carl Hayden, John Stennis and Ted Stevens served longer in the Senate than Hollings.
Hollings remained very popular in South Carolina over the years, even as the state became increasingly friendly to Republicans at the national level. In his first three bids for a full term, he never dropped below 60 percent of the vote. In the 1992 election, however, he faced an unexpectedly close race against former Congressman Tommy Hartnett in what was otherwise a very good year for Democrats nationally. Hartnett had represented the Charleston area in Congress from 1981 to 1987, thus making him Hollings' congressman. His appeal in the Lowcountry — traditionally a swing region at the state level — enabled him to hold Hollings to only 50 percent of the vote.

In his last Senate race in 1998, Hollings faced Republican congressman Bob Inglis. One of the more heated and notable moments of the race was a newspaper interview in which Hollings referred to Inglis as a "goddamn skunk". Hollings was re-elected 52%-45%.

Hollings tried to seek the Democratic lead running mate during the 1984 Presidential race. He lost to Walter Mondale.

Hollings was married to Martha Patricia Salley until they divorced. Then he was married to Rita Liddy from 1971 until her death in 2012. He had four children with Patricia. He lived in Charleston, South Carolina.

Hollings died on April 6, 2019 at his home in Isle of Palms, South Carolina. He was 97. At the time of his death, his was the oldest living former United States senator. 

James Baldwin

James Arthur Baldwin (August 2, 1924 – December 1, 1987) was an American novelist, essayist, playwright, and social critic.

Baldwin's essays, such as the collection "Notes of a Native Son" (1955), explore racial, sexual, and class matters in Western societies, mostly in mid-20th-century America. He looks at how these large things cause problems for, mostly but not only, African American individuals.

Baldwin was born on August 2, 1924 in Harlem, Manhattan, New York City. He studied at DeWitt Clinton High School and at The New School. Baldwin was gay. He never married and had no children. Baldwin died on December 1, 1987 in Saint-Paul de Vence, France from esophageal cancer, aged 63.


Many essays and short stories by Baldwin were published for the first time as part of collections. Others, however, were published individually at first and later included with Baldwin's compilation books. Some essays and stories of Baldwin's that were originally released on their own include:


Many essays and short stories by Baldwin were published for the first time as part of collections, which also included older, individually-published works (such as above) of Baldwin's as well. These collections include:





Pest control

Pest control is group of methods to control some species of animals and plants that humans think are harmful to their health, economy or ecology.

Pest control is as old as agriculture, because there has always been a need to keep crops free from pests. In order to get best results from food production there was always need to protect crops from competing plants trying to kill a crop to grow in its place.

Managing or controlling pests can be done several ways. Killing them is common (using the services of an exterminator or doing it yourself). But, there are humane methods of pest control too. These include using sound to deter or repel pests and making changes around the property to prevent pests from entering. 

Insects and wildlife enter buildings mainly for food, shelter, and warmth. The areas typically affected are the attic, the basement, and the roof. Homeowners can do some things to make sure they do not make an environment that's attractive to pests.

Happy Wheels

Happy Wheels is a browser game created by Jim Bonacci in 2010. The game features several playable characters who use different, sometimes unique vehicles to travel the game levels. The game is best known for its violence and the amount of user-generated content its players create.


Happy Wheels

Les Blank

Les Blank (November 27, 1935 – April 7, 2013) was an American documentary filmmaker who is best known for his portraits of American traditional musicians.

Blank was born on November 27, 1935 in Tampa, Florida. He was raised in Tampa, Florida and in Berkeley, California. Blank studied at Tulane University and at the University of Southern California. He had two children. Blank died on April 7, 2013 from bladder cancer in his Berkeley Hills, California home, aged 77.


Equivocation

Equivocation is calling two different things by the same name.

It results from using a word in two or more senses in the same argument.

Richard Brooker

Richard J. Brooker (1954 – 8 April 2013) was an English stuntman and actor. He is best known for his role in "Friday the 13th Part III" as Jason Voorhees.

Brooker was born in 1954 in London, England. Brooker died on April 8, 2013 in the United Kingdom from unknown causes, aged 59.


Aboriginal Land Trust

In Australia, an Aboriginal Land Trust (ALT) is a type of non-profit organisation that holds the freehold title to an area of land on behalf of a community of Aboriginal Australians. The land is granted to a community by the government under a perpetual lease, usually after the community makes a legal claim of traditional ownership. Land granted under Aboriginal title is inalienable, meaning it can not be bought, sold, traded or given away. The Land Trust is the organisation appointed by the community to legally hold the title deeds.

Several states and territories have enacted laws to establish Aboriginal Land Trusts, but not all. In South Australia, there is a single Aboriginal Lands Trust. It was created under the Aboriginal Lands Trust Act, 1966. It holds title to Aboriginal land in South Australia and organises the management and control of those lands. The Aboriginal Lands Trust in Western Australia was created by the Aboriginal Affairs Planning Authority Act, 1972. It acquires and holds land and manages it for the benefit of Aboriginal communities. It holds about 27 million hectares (11%) of the state's land, most of which was previously held by the state government. In Queensland, there are multiple Land Trusts. They were created under the state's Aboriginal Land Act, 1991. In the Northern Territory, Land Trusts are governed under the Aboriginal Land Rights Act, 1976, which also governs the way in which groups can make claims to land. The ALTs hold the title to land handed back to the traditional Aboriginal owners through the Land Rights Act.


Petermann Aboriginal Land Trust

The Petermann Aboriginal Land Trust is a land trust for a large block of land in the southwest corner of the Northern Territory, Australia. It was created by law in July 1978. The block of land (called Northern Territory Portion 1634) covers an area of . It makes up most of the area of the old Petermann Reserve (1920–1977). The land's traditional owners are mostly Pitjantjatjara, Yankunytjatjara and Luritja people. This includes residents of Kaltukatjara and over 50 family outstations.

The block held by the Petermann ALT is surrounded by other Aboriginal land blocks on all sides. It borders the Ngaanyatjarra Lands to the west (in Western Australia), the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands to the south (in South Australia), Haasts Bluff Aboriginal Land Trust to the north, and Katiti and Urrampinyi Iltjiltajarri Aboriginal Land Trusts to the east.

In March 1920, an area of land in the southwest corner of the Northern Territory was made into an aboriginal reservation, called the Petermann Reserve. It was meant to be a temporary refuge (safe place) for the Aboriginal families living in the area, many of whom were still living traditional, nomadic lifestyles. It bordered other large reserves created in Western Australia and South Australia, and together the area was known as the Central Australian Aboriginal Reserve. In 1940, the Petermann Reserve was made smaller, to allow people to look for gold. It was made smaller again in 1958, when the government excised the area around Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa to create the Ayers Rock–Mt Olga National Park.

In 1976, the Commonwealth Parliament passed the Aboriginal Land Rights Act, which allowed for Aboriginal communities to be granted freehold title to land if they could show that they lived on the land for many years. Section 4 of the act gave the Minister for Aboriginal Affairs the power to establish Aboriginal Land Trusts to look after the title. The trusts would be established by publishing notices in the government gazette. In 1977, the old Petermann Reserve land was transferred to the Petermann Land Trust and to other Aboriginal land-owning corporations. The boundaries of the Petermann trust were first described in the "Gazette" on 21 July 1978. They were later made into law by Act No. 109 of 1985, which went into effect on 16 October 1985.

The Cartful

The Cartful "車仔檔" , also known as portable stall and mobile stall, is a style of hawker stall originated from the street vendors selling inexpensive street food, like eggette, Tang Cong Bing 糖葱餅, and cart noodle, in the 1950s.This style of selling is part of Hong Kong traditional culture. It reflects people’s way of living and their spirits. In recent years, the operation of the cartful faces challenges due to the government policies and modernization.
Hong Kong has been experiencing economic downturn in the 1950s, meanwhile, refugees from the Mainland fled to Hong Kong constantly after the establishment of The People's Republic of China, leading to an increase in population. People struggled to make a living, they started to operate mobile stall using wooden carts with a low production cost. With the portable carts, street vendors could get away in time from being arrested by the police. In the 1970s and 1980s, a wide variety of products are sold then. Besides food and snacks, household goods, clothing and kitchenware could be found in the carful in place like Sham Shui Po.

The cartful sells mainly two kinds of products, street food and clothes. Some traditional street food such as eggette, curry fish balls and fried chestnuts are favored by teenagers. These $10-odd snacks are cheap but delicious. They smell very nice so that they drive people queuing for them. The cartful owners make the snacks once they are ordered so as to keep them hot and fresh. Apart from the street snacks, the carful also sells clothes, sometimes handbags. Women love buying free-sized legging and socks. Though customers cannot try fitting the products, they are willing to buy them.

There are mainly two types of owners which are the unemployed middle-aged and the unlicensed hawkers. Both of them are the main support of their family while they cannot find a suitable job. As a result, they choose to run the carful because it can help them make a decent living and avoid the high rent. The carful of these kinds are operated by family units.
Most of the cartful can be found near the public housings, schools and MTR stations, because a steady stream of people from these places can help increase their business turnover.

The cartful fully reveals Hong Kong spirits: diligence and fast paced lifestyle. With a small amount of capital and time, owners can earn huge profit from the whole day sales by moving their cart around without paying high rent.
This traditional hawking style is threatened because of the government policy and modernization. As the law prohibits unlicensed hawking, many mobile stalls have been demolished. Yet, the government sets up markets in different districts like Tin Sau Hui and Wan Chai Tai Yuen Street in order to gather the mobile stalls. 
Some of the citizens support the government plan since they think it is hygienic and peaceful without the mobile stalls on street, while others object to the cruel government policy due to the reminiscence of the cartful.

Short-term memory

Short term memory is the ability to keep information in mind for a short amount of time. Remembering a phone number long enough to find a piece of paper is an example. The brain keeps information in its short term memory for a small period of time. The amount of time the mind is able to do this is usually some seconds.
The opposite of short-term memory is long-term memory, which is where things are stored in the brain for a long time. These items may be recalled later, or there may be difficulty recalling them.

Memory is what goes on in the brain in storing and retrieving past experiences. These processes do what we call remembering. Memory is the foundation of intelligence and the ability to learn. 

Information about a needle being sharp and hurtful when touched by bare hands is processed to make a response of survival and self-preservation. This leads to us (and other animals) to change what we do when we met needles a second time. Memory, which starts out as short-term memory allows for learning, and helps intelligent behavior.

Donald Hebb (19041985) was the first to come up with a way to tell the difference between short-term and long-term memory. When the brain receives an input, like something that is seen or heard, a sensory memory keeps a copy of what is seen or heard, but this memory lasts for only about a few seconds. Anything that is kept in the brain longer depends on our selective attention. Things that we "notice" are kept in short-term memory for up to a few minutes. This memory is thought to be dependent on electrical activity in the brain and is easily destroyed by interruption or interference. Short-term memory includes iconic memory as well, which holds visual images; acoustic memory, to hold sounds; and working memory, which is an active process to keep a memory until it is put to use.

Memories which are stored for longer than this are called long-term memory. Hebb had a theory of long-term memory as a change in the strength of connections between the neurons. Long-term memory is relatively permanent storage and the process involves the creation of new proteins. 

Whether or not the information is stored in long-term memory depends on its importance. Usually for animals memories that are made during times of stress and discomfort are important for adaptive values. In the future they help avoid anything that will bring them stress. 

Short-term memory has a limited duration, and the contents decay over time. The decay idea is usually paired by the idea of repeating the memory over and over. In order to overcome the limitation of short-term memory, and retain information for a longer amount of time, it has to be repeated either by saying it out loud of by saying it mentally repeatedly. By doing this the information will re-enter the short-term process and be kept for a further period.

Forgetting greatly limits the information that can be kept over a short period of time. The capacity of short-term memory is finite, but there is no clear unit of measurement for what that is. Memory span is the term used to describe this, where there is only a certain amount of information that can be memorized over a short period until it is lost.

The capacity of short-term memory leads to the question of the capacity of short-term memory as a whole. At present there is no way of telling whether a piece of information will be stored as short-term memory or not. In an experiment done to determine the capacity of short-term memory individuals had to memory a list of items and recall it, and it was suggested that the span of their short-term memory was reached when they could no longer remember the list in order. 

There are many conditions that can affect short-term memory. They range from simple distractions to serious disorders. The loss of memory is natural and is expected with ageing. By the age of 55 it is found experimentally that the loss of memory starts to occur which usually occurs more often with long-term memory loss. Age very much affects the short-term memory as well. 

There are many other things which affect memory loss beside advanced age. There are disorders such as Alzheimer’s disease, aphasia, schizophrenia, advanced age, and posttraumatic stress disorder. These are all linked to the loss of memory. 

Celestial equator

The celestial equator is a term in observational astronomy. It is a great circle on the imaginary celestial sphere, in the same plane as the Earth's equator. In other words, it is a projection of the terrestrial equator out into space. As a result of the Earth's axial tilt, the celestial equator is inclined by 23.4° with respect to the ecliptic plane.

An observer standing on the Earth's equator visualizes the celestial equator as a semicircle passing directly overhead through the zenith. As the observer moves north (or south), the celestial equator tilts towards the southern (or northern) horizon. At the poles, the celestial equator is parallel to the horizon.

The observer always sees the ends of the semicircle disappear over the horizon exactly due east and due west, regardless of the observer's position on Earth. 

Epictetus

Epictetus was an Ancient Greek philosopher. He was born in Hierapolis, Phrygia around 55 AD. The name his parents gave him is unknown; the word "epíktetos" (επίκτητος) in Greek simply means "acquired." He spent his youth as a slave in Rome to Epaphroditos, a rich freedman and secretary to Nero. The city was near the modern-day town of Pamukkale in Turkey. He died around 135 AD in Nikopolis in Epirus, in Greece. He was one of the most influential philosophers of the late Stoa. Epictetus founded a school of philosophy, where he also taught. None of his writings survive, but one of his pupils, Arrian, wrote what Epictetus taught.

Philosophy, Epictetus taught, is a way of life and not just a theoretical discipline. To Epictetus, all external events are determined by fate, and so are beyond our control; we should accept whatever happens calmly and dispassionately. However, individuals are responsible for their own actions, which they can examine and control through rigorous self-discipline.

Suffering occurs from trying to control what is uncontrollable, or from neglecting what is within our power. As part of the universal city that is the universe, it is our duty to care for all our fellow men. Those who follow these precepts will achieve happiness and peace of mind.

Data type

In computer science, a data type is the combination of a value range with permissible operations.
"Datatype" is frequently shortened to "type".

Data types in programming allow the programmer to perform operations on a datum.
Every datum has an associated data type.

In the Pascal programming language, the data 42 has the data type integer.
A data type forms a unit:
Together, the specific permissible range and legal operations are referred to as a “concrete data type.”
When a programmer or the compiler reads the word integer in the source code, they automatically understand which values and operations are allowed.

Data types are an abstract concept.
This concept primarily appears in high-level programming languages.
Virtually all high-level programming language explicitly include the notion of data type.
Common basic data types may include:

Usually, these and other basic data types can be combined to "custom" data types using structure concepts like:

The notion of data types as presented above is unknown in assembly language, a "low-level" programming language.
All computers know integer number values.
Modern computers also know real numbers in binary.
But there is no rigid enforcement of proper “data type” use.
Assembly language does not prevent using an integer as if it were a real number.
This is intentional, because assembly language is the basis of all (high-level) programming languages.

Yet, the processor’s machine code sets the limits.
Usually, the only “data types” are:
All of which may be further differentiated by their size, how many Bytes each of those occupies, or—in the case of memory address—how many Bytes the referenced object occupies.


Interstellar travel

Interstellar space travel is manned or unmanned travel between stars. Interstellar travel is much more difficult than travel within the Solar System, though travel in starships is a staple of science fiction. Actually, there is no suitable technology at present. However, the idea of a probe with an ion engine has been studied. The energy would come through a laser base station.

Given sufficient travel time and engineering work, both unmanned and sleeper ship interstellar travel seem possible. Both present considerable technological and economic challenges which are unlikely to be met in the near future, particularly for manned probes. NASA, ESA and other space agencies have done research into these topics for several years, and have worked out some theoretical approaches.

Energy requirements appear to make interstellar travel impractical for "generation ships", but less so for heavily shielded sleeper ships.

The main challenge facing interstellar travel is the vast distances that have to be covered. This means that a very great speed and/or a very long travel time is needed. The travel time with most realistic propulsion methods would be from decades to millennia.

Hence an interstellar ship would be much more exposed to the hazards found in interplanetary travel, including vacuum, radiation, weightlessness, and micrometeoroids. At high speeds the vehicle would be penetrated by many microscopic particles of matter unless heavily shielded. Carrying the shield would greatly increase the propulsion problems.

Cosmic rays are of great interest because there is no protection outside the atmosphere and magnetic field. The energies of the most energetic ultra-high-energy cosmic rays (UHECRs) have been observed to approach 3 × 10 eV, about 40 million times the energy of particles accelerated by the Large Hadron Collider. At 50 J, the highest-energy ultra-high-energy cosmic rays have energies comparable to the kinetic energy of a baseball. As a result of these discoveries, there has been interest in investigating cosmic rays of even greater energies. Most cosmic rays, however, do not have such extreme energies. The energy distribution of cosmic rays peaks at .

A significant factor is the energy needed for a reasonable travel time. A lower bound for the required energy is the kinetic energy K = ½ mv where m is the final mass. If deceleration on arrival is desired and cannot be achieved by any means other than the engines of the ship, then the required energy at least doubles, because the energy needed to halt the ship equals the energy needed to accelerate it to travel speed.

The velocity for a manned round trip of a few decades to even the nearest star is thousands of times greater than those of present space vehicles. This means that due to the v term in the kinetic energy formula, millions of times as much energy is required. Accelerating one ton to one-tenth of the speed of light requires at least 450 PJ or 4.5  J or 125 billion kWh, not accounting for losses.

The source of energy has to be carried, since solar panels do not work far from the Sun and other stars. The magnitude of this energy may make interstellar travel impossible. One engineer stated “At least 100 times the total energy output of the entire world [in a given year] would be required for the voyage (to Alpha Centauri)”.

interstellar dust and gas may cause considerable damage to the craft, due to the high relative speeds and large kinetic energies involved. Larger objects (such as bigger dust grains) are far less common, but would be much more destructive. .

The long travel times make it difficult to design manned missions. The fundamental limits of space-time present another challenge. Also, interstellar trips would be hard to justify for economic reasons.

It can be argued that an interstellar mission which cannot be completed within 50 years should not be started at all. Instead, the resources should be invested in designing a better propulsion system. This is because a slow spacecraft would probably be passed by another mission sent later with more advanced propulsion.

On the other hand, a case can therefore be made for starting a mission without delay, because the non-propulsion problems may turn out to be more difficult than the propulsion engineering.

Intergalactic travel involves distances about a million-fold greater than interstellar distances, making it radically more difficult than even interstellar travel.

Andrew Kennedy has shown that voyages undertaken before the minimum "wait time" will be overtaken by those who leave at the minimum, while those who leave after the minimum will never overtake those who left at the minimum.

Kennedy's calculation depends on r, the mean annual increase in world power production. From any point in time to a given destination, there is a minimum to the total time to destination. Voyagers would probably arrive without being overtaken by later voyagers by waiting a time t before leaving. The relation between the time it takes to get to a destination (now, T, or after waiting, T, and growth in velocity of travel is

Taking a journey to Barnard's Star, six light years away, as an example, Kennedy shows that with a world mean annual economic growth rate of 1.4% and a corresponding growth in the velocity of travel, the quickest human civilization might get to the star is in 1,110 years from the year 2007.

Astronomical distances are often measured in the time it would take a beam of light to travel between two points ("see light-year"). Light in a vacuum travels approximately 300,000 kilometers per second or 186,000 miles per second.

The distance from Earth to the Moon is 1.3 light-seconds. With current spacecraft propulsion technologies, a craft can cover the distance from the Earth to the Moon in around eight hours (New Horizons). That means light travels approximately thirty thousand times faster than current spacecraft propulsion technologies. The distance from Earth to other planets in the Solar System ranges from three light-minutes to about four light-hours. Depending on the planet and its alignment to Earth, for a typical unmanned spacecraft these trips will take from a few months to a little over a decade. The distance to other stars is much greater. If the distance from Earth to Sun is scaled down to one meter, the distance to Alpha Centauri A would be 271 kilometers or about 169 miles.

The nearest known star to the Sun is Proxima Centauri, which is 4.23 light-years away. The fastest outward-bound spacecraft yet sent, Voyager 1, has covered 1/600th of a light-year in 30 years and is currently moving at 1/18,000th the speed of light. At this rate, a journey to Proxima Centauri would take 72,000 years. Of course, this mission was not specifically intended to travel fast to the stars, and current technology could do much better. The travel time could be reduced to a few millennia using solar sails, or to a century or less using nuclear pulse propulsion.

Special relativity offers the possibility of shortening the travel time: if a starship with sufficiently advanced engines could reach velocities near the speed of light, relativistic time dilation would make the voyage much shorter for the traveller. However, it would still take many years of elapsed time as viewed by the people remaining on Earth. On returning to Earth, the travellers would find that far more time had elapsed on Earth than had for them (twin paradox).

Many problems would be solved if wormholes existed. General relativity does not rule them out, but so far as we know at present, they do not exist.

The round-trip delay time is the minimum time between a probe signal reaching Earth, and the probe getting instructions from Earth. Given that information can travel no faster than the speed of light, this is for the Voyager 1 about 32 hours, near Proxima Centauri it would be 8 years. Faster reactions would have to be programmed to be carried out automatically. Of course, in the case of a manned flight the crew can respond immediately to their observations. However, the round-trip delay time makes them not only extremely distant but, in terms of communication, extremely isolated from Earth. Another factor is the energy needed for interstellar communications to arrive reliably. Obviously, gas and particles would degrade signals (interstellar extinction), and there would be limits to the energy available to send the signal.

The mass of any craft capable of carrying humans would inevitably be substantially larger than that necessary for an unmanned interstellar probe. The vastly greater travel times involved would require a life support system. The first interstellar missions are unlikely to carry life forms.

There are 59 known stellar systems within 20 light years from the Sun, containing 81 visible stars. The following could be considered prime targets for interstellar missions: Radiation dangers would rule out any organic beings for an expedition to Sirius. In any event, it is hard to visualise any manned expeditions at all, given the probable journey times.

Perhaps the most likely time for interstellar travel would be when a star comes through our Oort cloud. We should get a good 10,000 years' warning of this, so could plan for the event in some detail. See Scholz's star for the last time one came through.

Existing and near-term astronomical technology is capable of finding planetary systems around these objects, increasing their potential for exploration.

Jean-Léon Gérôme

Jean-Léon Gérôme (11 May 1824 – 10 January 1904) was a French painter and sculptor. Today he is mostly known for painting people in historical settings.

Bloods Range

Bloods Range (or Blood's Range) is a mountain range in central Australia. It stretches roughly east to west across the border between the Northern Territory and Western Australia. It consists of several sets of hills, separated by valleys; the two main valleys are formed by the Hull and Docker Rivers. There are numerous ravines and gorges all throughout the hills. Bloods Range connects with the Petermann Ranges at its western end. In the centre are Mounts Harris (840 m) and Carruthers (1000 m), which are the highest peaks. Further east, the range splits into several branches, including the Rowley Range, McNichol's Range and the Pinyinna Range.

Bloods Range was given its name on 14 March 1874 by the explorer Ernest Giles, when he saw it from the top of Mount Curdie. He named it after the owner of an early pastoral station in South Australia, whose surname was "Blood". On 12 June 1889, Giles' second-in-command, W. H. Tietkins, returned on his own expedition and surveyed the range. He named the two highest peaks Mount Harris and Mount Carruthers. From the top of Mount Harris, he wrote that he could see Kata Tjuṯa, the Petermann Ranges and the Tomkinson Ranges.


Jerusalem Botanical Gardens

Jerusalem Botanical Gardens (JBG) are the national botanical gardens of Israel. The gardens are on the Hebrew University of Jerusalem campuses of Mount Scopus and Givat Ram. The first garden was established in 1926 at Mount Scopus. After 1948, when the university in Mount Scopus was occupied by Jordan, it was opened in a new site, in 1954, on the new campus university, in Givat Ram. After the 1967 war, when Mount Scopus was reoccupied by Israel, the garden in Mount Scopus was opened again. The visitor center is in Givat Ram, next to Nayot neighborhood.



Azerbaijan (newspaper)

The Azerbaijan () is a state-owned newspaper and public journal published by the National Assembly of Azerbaijan.


Birja

Birja is a popular Azerbaijani weekly free-of-charge announcements and advertising newspaper published by the Birja VDV. It was founded by Rafiq Abasov. The newspaper has one of the widest circulation in Azerbaijan (averaging over 10,000 copies every week).

"Birja" was founded in 1992 with the goal of providing an advertising newspaper in the Azerbaijani market, where generally only a single local advertising newspaper was available.

"Birja" supports a nationwide project of Khinalug village.


SoulDecision

soulDecision was a Canadian pop band from Vancouver, British Columbia. 

soulDecision was formed in 1993 under the original name, Indecision. They changed their name to soulDecision because of naming conflicts. Even though the band started during the boy band era, they were not a boy band, as they played their own instruments and wrote their own music. The band released their debut full-length album "No One Does It Better" on August 22, 2000 in Canada. The album featured their hit single "Faded" which reached #1 on Canada's singles chart as well as #22 in the United States. The album also featured the single "Ooh It's Kinda Crazy" which reached #1 in Canada and was the number one request on MTV's Total Request Live at the time. The band toured with Destiny's Child, Christina Aguilera and 'N Sync.

Lead singer Trevor Guthrie left the band in 2005 to write and record his first solo record. The group split up after.


Moscow Urban Forum

Moscow International Urban Forum is an international event that is held in Moscow, Russia every year. It has been held since 2011. It talks about globalization.


Corn Belt

The Corn Belt is the part of the Midwestern United States. It is where corn has been predominant crop, since the 1850s. Corn replaced native tall grasses there. The area includes southern Minnesota, eastern Nebraska and part of Missouri and Kentucky. The whole of Iowa, Indiana and Illinois are also included. This region consists of relatively level land and deep fertile soils.

Centipede (song)

"Centipede" is the first single by Rebbie Jackson. It is from her first record, "Centipede". It was her highest charting single to date. It peaked at #4 on the Billboard R&B charts. The song was released in 1984. It is available in three different mixes, one of them extended.

Transplant (surgery)

Transplants are a type of surgery. Both tissues and organs can be transplanted. Types of transplant:


An organ transplant is a kind of surgery where the person being operated on will need an organ replaced, and gets a healthy one from someone else, a donor. Usually the organ is taken from someone who is recently deceased, except for organs like bone marrow or kidneys, which can be taken without harming the donor too much.

The critical problem with all transplants is transplant rejection by the host's immune system. Unless the host and donor are a very close genetic match, the host's immune system will reject the transplant. To stop this happening, drugs are used to suppress, or limit, the host's immune system. This in turn makes the host more vulnerable to various kinds of infection.

To keep this problem to a minimum, transplants are only done when surgeons are satisfied that the host and donor are a fairly close match. Tests are done to see how good a match the donor's organ or tissue is to the proposed host.

Asiana Airlines

Asiana Airlines is a major South Korean airline. It is based at Incheon International Airport near Seoul.


Cannabis drug testing

Cannabis drug testing describes many drug testing methods for the use of cannabis in medicine, sport, and law.
Cannabis use is easy to detect using urine testing, hair analysis and breath. There are some ways to cheat such a test using synthetic urine or human hair - making blood testing the most effective.

Unlike alcohol, Cannabis testing is time consuming, expensive and cannot give accurate time of consuming and level of intoxication.
The lack of good testing methods and universal intoxication level scale is an issue in the legality of cannabis debate, especially regarding intoxicated driving.

Premium economy

Premium economy is a travel class offered on some airlines to give better experience than economy class but for much less money than business class. In 1991, EVA Air became the first airline company to offer such a service.

The Premium economy class is not regulated among airlines, and can be much different between airlines and routes. Premium economy is often limited to just small extras like more leg room, free meal and drinks.

JoJo's Bizarre Adventure

JoJo's Bizarre Adventure is a Japanese manga series created by Hirohiko Araki. The manga, which began in 1987, currently has nine parts, with each part focusing on a different member of the Joestar family. A 13 episode OVA (Original Video Animation) of Part 3 ,""Stardust Crusaders"", was released between 1993 and 2002, as well as an anime adaptation of the manga produced by David Productions starting in 2012, with six of the nine parts fully adapted, the most recent part airing on Netflix.

The series is well known for its unique art styles; poses; iconic moments; and nods to western music and fashion, as well as the various supernatural powers the characters possess throughout.

"There are 3 primary abilities shown within the series:"

Stands - The most well known and prevalent ability in "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure". Introduced in Part 3, these are supernatural manifestations of the users spiritual power that assist them in combat and can have a wide range of uses and applications in and outside of combat.

Hamon - Seen in the 1st and 2nd parts. This is a technique that allows the user to focus their energy into sunlight through controlled breathing. Hamon is used to counteract vampires and other supernatural beings sensitive to sunlight.

Spin - Introduced in part 7. It is created through a perfect or almost perfect rotation, which creates a unique form of energy that can be used in combat. Spin is the universe counterpart to Hamon.

Each of the series' protagonists is a member of the Joestar Bloodline, having a name that can be shortened down to "JoJo". The first six parts contain plots that are that are somewhat connected to the generational conflict beginning from the rivalry within Part 1. Parts 7 and 8 take place in an alternate universe where the Joestar family tree is heavily altered.










Composite decking

Composite decking (also called wood-plastic) is an alternative to timber. It is made with recycled plastic and wood. This type of decking is becoming more and more popular as it is eco-friendly in nature and helps to save forests as it can be used as an alternative to wood. It is being used in many environments projects including outdoor dining, leisure areas, balconies and caravan decks, in addition to many decks of all shapes and sizes.

International Urban Design Conference

The International Urban Design Conference is a international event that held in Melbourne, Australia in every year from 2007 dedicated to urban design. it is the first conference in the world about this subject. 


Saul (disambiguation)

Saul can refer to:


Decapitated (band)

Decapitated are a Polish technical death metal band from Krosno. 

Decapitated was formed in 1996 by guitarist Wacław "Vogg" Kiełtyka, his brother drummer Witold "Vitek" Kiełtyka, and vocalist Wojciech "Sauron" Wąsowicz when they were all in their teens. Bassist Marcin "Martin" Rygiel joined the band a year later and they released their first demo, "Cemeterial Gardens", in 1997 as well as their second demo, "The Eye of Horus", in 1998.

The band released their debut album, "Winds of Creation" on April 11, 2000. The album was well-received and their second studio album "Nihility" was released on February 19, 2002. Decapitated was chosen to perform at the Polish Ozzfest event in late May. They released their third studio album "The Negation" on March 9, 2004 and it was produced by both Slawek and Vojtek Wieslawski.

Sauron quit the band in 2005 and was replaced by Adrian "Covan" Kowanek. The band recorded "Organic Hallucinosis" and released the album on February 7, 2006. It was their fourth studio album and first album with their new vocalist. Martin left the band sometime after to live with his family and to move to California.

On October 28, 2007, the band was involved in an automobile accident when their tour bus collided with a truck carrying wood in Gomel. Vitek and Covan were injured in the accident and Vitek died on November 2, 2007 in a Russian hospital from the injuries he sustained. Covan went into a coma and the band went on hiatus.

The band ended their hiatus after Vogg said that he was searching for a new drummer and vocalist. Vocalist Rafał Piotrowski, bassist Filip "Heinrich" Hałucha and drummer Kerim "Krimh" Lechner all joined the band in 2009.

They recorded their fifth studio album "Carnival Is Forever" and released it on July 12, 2011. Heinrich left the band after to concentrate on his other band Vesania. Lechner left the band in September 2012 and was replaced by Paweł Jaroszewicz.






Macklemore

Benjamin Hammond Haggerty (born June 19, 1983), better known by his stage name Macklemore, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter and activist. 

The music video for his song "Thrift Shop" has been viewed more than 1 billion times on YouTube. It also reached #1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart. He said he was influenced by Freestyle Fellowship, Aceyalone, Living Legends, Wu-Tang Clan, Nas, and Talib Kweli during his earlier years.

Macklemore is in support of gay rights, including same-sex marriage, and sang about it in the song "Same Love" which he also sings against homophobia in mass media, hip hop, and society.

Macklemore was nominated for seven Grammy Awards at the 2014 Grammys. Macklemore and Lewis won Best New Artist, Best Rap Album ("The Heist"), Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance ("Thrift Shop").

He was taught at Garfield High School and then Nathen Hale High School. His parents are namend Bill Haggerty and Julie Haggerty. He has one brother named Tim Haggerty. Tim Haggerty sings on few of Macklemore's songs like: "And We Danced" and "American".

In 2005 Macklemore released his first album, "The Language of My World". In 2006 he met Ryan Lewis. They released an album together, "The Heist". On January 26, 2014, Macklemore performed "Same Love" at the Grammy Awards.

Macklemore became engaged to Tricia Davis on January 21, 2013.



Public journal

Public journal (official gazette, official journal, or official diary) is the daily record of the work of an official public organization, especially of legislatures of countries and/or its administrative divisions.

Journals of this sort are also often called gazettes (state or government newspapers).

In some countries, the publication in the official journal is a condition for a law to "come into effect" or "come into force" (in which the law becomes a reality), so that people know the law (or treaty) exists, which generally releases it into the public domain. But sometimes a public journal is not always released into the public domain.


Willie O'Ree

Willie Eldon O'Ree, OC (born October 15, 1935 in Fredericton, New Brunswick) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger that played 45 games in National Hockey League. 

He is known for breaking the black color barrier in ice hockey and is referred to by the media as the "Jackie Robinson of ice hockey". He received the Order of Canada on April 7, 2010 and was also honored with the Hockey Legacy Award by the Boston Sports Museum on June 28, 2011.


Madder Lake (band)

Madder Lake is an Australian rock band. They started out in Melbourne in 1971. They released two studio albums - Stillpoint, and Butterfly Farm. And one compilation album (an album with songs from their other records) - The Best of Madder Lake. Their best known song is "12lb Toothbrush".





Amidah

The Amidah (, "standing") is one of the two main prayers of Judaism. It has that name because people say it standing up. Jews say it at every prayer service of the year.

It is also called "Shemoneh Esrei" (, "eighteen") because at first the weekday version of the prayer had eighteen blessings. (It now has nineteen.) In the Talmud, it is called "Tefilah" (). This simply means "prayer". It has that name because it is so central to Judaism.

The Amidah always has three sections. 

The Amidah is said at least three times every day: at the morning, afternoon and evening prayer services. A person should say it standing. A person should say it loud enough to hear it. But it should be quiet enough that other people cannot hear it.

At the morning and afternoon services, the Amidah is repeated out loud by the prayer leader. When the Amidah is said out loud:
The Amidah is not said out loud at night.

In Reform Judaism the Amidah is not said quietly. It is said out loud at every prayer service.

On Shabbat and important Jewish holidays, the Amidah prayer changes in two important ways.
There are two Amidah prayers during the year that are different from any others. See the pages on these holidays for more information.

A "siddur" (Jewish prayer book) is always the best reference for information about Jewish prayers: 

It is a very good English/Hebrew siddur to use for learning about prayers.

Hamilton (name)

The name Hamilton is of English origin and is derived from the Old English words "hamel" and "dun," which mean "crooked hill" or "lonely hill."The pronunciation of the name is [ ham-"uh"l-t"uh"n ]. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).





Visual novel

A visual novel is a type of video game. They use mostly static (non-moving) graphics, and usually have anime/manga-styled art. Sometimes they contain video footage. Almost all visual novels are produced in Japan, very few of these are ever sold in the Western market. Examples of popular visual novels are Kanon, Clannad, and Air.

Visual novels are different from other types of video games in that there is not much gameplay, most of the time the player clicks the screen to move through the game, and occasionally choices will come up for the player to make, which will determine what happens in the game. Most visual novels have more than one storyline and ending, the gameplay has been compared to "Choose Your Own Adventure" books.

Many visual novels are centered around drama, particularly themes involving romance or family, but visual novels centered around science fiction, fantasy fiction, and horror fiction are not uncommon.

Many visual novels have sexual or pornographic scenes in the game, even if they are not the whole purpose of the story.

Fu Jen Catholic University

Fu Jen Catholic University (FJU; ) is a well known university in Taiwan. The main campus is in New Taipei City. It was first started in 1925. Its first name was Catholic University of Peking (currently Beijing Normal University). It was started again in 1961.

Fu Jen is the Wade–Giles romanization of the Chinese characters 輔仁 (Furen in pinyin), literally meaning "assistance" and "benevolence".



Hobart (disambiguation)

Hobart is a city in Tasmania, Australia.

Hobart might also mean:

Key (company)

Key is a Japanese company that makes visual novels. They were formed on July 21, 1998 in Kita, Osaka, Japan. In 1999 they released their first visual novel, "Kanon". They have created many popular visual novels, many of which have been turned into anime series.

They have created the following games:


Appalachian English

Appalachian English is a dialect of the English language. It is spoken in the Appalachian Mountains region. Research suggests it is one of the most unique dialects in the United States. 

Since the 1930s, a lot of research has been done to figure out where the dialect came from. One theory is that the dialect is a remnant of Elizabethan (or Shakespearean) English that had been preserved by the region's isolation. Another theory suggests that the dialect developed out of the Scots-Irish and Anglo-Scottish border dialects brought to the region by some of its earliest British Isles settlers, who were from the border of Scotland and England. 

Recent research suggests that Appalachian English developed as a uniquely American dialect as early settlers adapted English to their unfamiliar frontier environment. This is supported by many similarities between the Appalachian dialect and Colonial American English.

Mayo Clinic

The Mayo Clinic is a medical center in Rochester, Minnesota. It was founded by the Mayo brothers, William James Mayo and Charles Horace Mayo.
This clinic was founded in 1919.

Denis Thatcher

Sir Denis Thatcher, 1st Baronet, (10 May 1915 – 26 June 2003) was a British businessman and the husband of Margaret Thatcher, who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990. He was the first male spouse of a British prime minister.

To this day, Thatcher remains the last commoner awarded a British title that could be inherited; he was granted the Thatcher baronetcy in 1990.

Thatcher was born in Lewisham, London, the oldest child of a New Zealand-born British businessman, Thomas Herbert (Jack) Thatcher. He studied at the Mill Hill School until he left at the age of 18 to become a businessman.

Thatcher was married to Margaret Kempson (1918-1996) from 1942 until they divorced in 1948. Then he was married to Margaret Roberts from 1951 until his death in 2003. Thatcher and Margaret had twins: a son, Mark Thatcher, and daughter, Carol Thatcher.

On 17 January 2003, Thatcher underwent a six-hour heart bypass operation. He had been complaining of breathlessness in the weeks before Christmas 2002 and the problem was diagnosed in early January. There, Thatcher was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer along with fluid in his lungs.

Thatcher died in Lister Hospital at Westminster in London, England, from pancreatic cancer, aged 88. His body was cremated at Mortlake Crematorium in Richmond, London. His widow, Margaret, died almost 10 years after in 2013.


Heroes' Cemetery

Heroes' Cemetery () is the national cemetery of the Philippines. It is in Manila. The cemetery was created in 1947 as a military cemetery. The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier is in the center of the cemetery.


Carnaval

Carnaval, Op. 9, is a work for piano solo by Robert Schumann. It was written in 1834-1835. Subtitled "Scènes mignonnes sur quatre notes" (Little Scenes on Four Notes). the work is a collection of short pieces representing masked revelers at a festival. Schumann, his friends and colleagues, and characters from improvised Italian comedy ("commedia dell’arte") are all depicted musically in the work. "Carnaval" is centered on four notes which had special meaning for Schumann: A, E-flat, C, B - signified in German as A-S-C-H. Each piece has a title, and the work as a whole is a musical representation of an elaborate masked ball during carnival season. Both Schumann and his wife, Clara, thought his solo piano works too difficult for the general public. They were rarely performed in Schumann's lifetime. Franz Liszt however performed selections from "Carnaval" in Leipzig in 1840. Today, the work is one of Schumann's most often performed works. The work was orchestrated in the early 20th century for a ballet produced for the Ballets Russes which starred Nijinsky. 

Symphony No. 1 (Schumann)

Symphony No. 1 in B flat major, Op. 38 ("Spring") is the first of Robert Schumann's four symphonies. It was written early 1841. Schumann sketched the symphony in four days from 23 January to 26 January. He completed the orchestration by 20 February. The premiere took place under the direction of Felix Mendelssohn on 31 March 1841 in Leipzig. The symphony was well received. Schumann was largely known for his piano works and for songs at the time. His wife Clara Schumann encouraged him to write symphonic music. Schumann said he was inspired by his "Liebesfrühling" (spring of love) in the symphony's composition. 

The work has four movements: Andante un poco maestoso – Allegro molto vivace (B flat major); Larghetto (E flat major; Scherzo: Molto vivace – Trio I: Molto piu vivace – Trio II (G minor); and Allegro animato e grazioso (B flat major). The orchestration is for 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 4 horns, 2 trumpets, 3 trombones, timpani, triangle and strings. Schumann expanded the use of the timpani in this piece. He made some revisions in the work until the definitive edition was published in 1853. 

National Taiwan University

National Taiwan University (NTU; ) is a university in Taiwan. The main campus is in Taipei City. It was founded in 1928.





National Chengchi University

National Chengchi University (NCCU; ) is a university in Taiwan. The main campus is in Taipei City. It was founded in 1927.


National Sun Yat-sen University

National Sun Yat-sen University (NSYSU) is a university in Taiwan, named in honor of Dr. Sun Yat-sen, the founding father of the Republic of China. The main campus is in Kaohsiung City. It was founded in 1980.

NSYSU is among the four universities of the Taiwan Comprehensive University System.


National Cheng Kung University

National Cheng Kung University (NCKU; ) is a university in Taiwan. It was named after Koxinga (Wade-Giles: Cheng Ch'eng-kung). The main campus is in Tainan City. It was founded in 1931.

NCKU is among the four universities of the Taiwan Comprehensive University System.


Mount Hermon

Mount Hermon (, ', "Mountain of the Chief"; , ', "Mount Hermon") is a very high mountain cluster in the Eastern Lebanon Mountain Range. Its summit sits on the border between Syria, Lebanon, and the Israeli Golan Heights. At above sea level, it is the highest point in Syria and Israel. The southern slopes of Mount Hermon extend into the Israeli part of the Golan Heights. Most of the mountain peaks are snowy in the winter. Mount Hermon has the highest precipitation in Israel and Syria.


Portsmouth (disambiguation)

Portsmouth is a city in England.

Portsmouth might also mean:

Beechwood Cemetery

Beechwood Cemetery is the national cemetery of Canada. It is in Ottawa, Ontario. The cemetery was founded in 1873 and declared a national cemetery in 2009. 


Urbandale, Iowa

Urbandale is a city in central Iowa. It is in Dallas and Polk counties. Urbandale is near Des Moines. About forty-five thousand people live in Urbandale. The city was incorporated during Spring 1917.

Annual percentage rate

The term annual percentage rate (APR), also called nominal APR, and the term effective APR, means the interest rate for a whole year, rather than just a monthly fee/rate, as applied on a loan, mortgage loan, or credit card. This rate is useful when buying a car, a house, or any other expensive possession. Since few people are able to afford to pay the full price, many sellers choose to divide the price into monthly payments and a down payment. This makes things easier to buy. Once the buyer pays the down payment, he or she enters into an agreement to pay the remaining months. But since the buyer has not paid the entire amount yet, the seller is essentially lending part of the purchase to the buyer. This is where interest rates come in. The seller charges the monthly payments with a part or a percentage of the remaining amount. This amount gets added onto the monthly payment. Some companies force the buyer to pay the interest first, and the remaining amount pays the original loaned amount, called the principal.

Passbook (application)

Passbook is an application in iOS that lets users keep coupons, boarding passes, event tickets, store cards, 'generic' cards, and other forms of mobile payment. It was made by Apple and announced at the 2012 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference on June 11, 2012. The application was released with iOS 6 on September 19, 2012.

The Passbook application shows the following kinds of 2D barcodes: Aztec, PDF417, and QR. Each digital coupon or ticket is called a "pass". When the user starts Passbook for the first time, a short introduction screen will appear with a button inviting users to find applications on the App Store that integrate Passbook. Passes can also be distributed with the internet via Safari or sent to another user using e-mail.

Passes are synced between iOS devices using iCloud. OS X 10.8.2 and newer also support opening passes to be sent to users' iOS devices.
The application is available in iOS 6 or later. It is currently only available on iPhone and iPod Touch, but not on iPad.

Passbook has the following features

Passbook is only officially provided by Apple for iOS. Several third-party developers have created unsupported applications for other operating systems, such as PassWallet for Android, that support importing and viewing Passbook passes.

Richmond

Richmond might mean:






Monterey

Monterey might mean:



Hampton

Hampton might mean:



Chester (disambiguation)

Chester might mean:



Jonas Salk

Jonas Edward Salk (October 28, 1914 – June 23, 1995) was an American medical researcher and virologist, best known for his discovery and development of the first successful polio vaccine in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Salk was born on October 28, 1914 in New York City to a Jewish-Irish family. He studied at the City College of New York and at the University of New York. Salk was married to Donna Lindsey from 1939 until they divorced in 1968. He was married to Françoise Gilot from 1970 until his death in 1995.

He had three children with Lindsey. Salk died on June 23, 1995 in his home in La Jolla, California from heart failure, aged 80. He was buried at El Camino Memorial Park in San Diego, California.


Donkey Kong Jungle Beat

Donkey Kong Jungle Beat is a platform video game for the Nintendo GameCube game console. It was released in Japan on December 16, 2004, in Europe on February 4, 2005, and in North America on March 14, 2005. It is played with the DK Bongos controller.

The game involves combat, platforming, and counterattacking (attacking enemies after they attack you). Players use the left drum to move left, the right drum to move right, and both drums to jump. Clapping or hitting the sides of the drums causes Donkey Kong to clap. Clapping produces a small small red ring and a bigger green one. Enemies that are in the red ring are usually defeated, and those that are in the green ring are usually stunned. Stunned enemies can be killed by jumping on them and hitting the drums repeatedly. The goal is not just to get to the end of the level, but also to get as many "beats" (points) as the player can. Beats are gotten by grabbing bananas, and lost by being hit or falling. More beats can be gotten by doing combos while grabbing bananas.

The level system involves several "kingdoms." Each kingdom has three platforming levels. At the end of each kingdom is a boss. There are four species of bosses. Each species of boss has different fighting styles and ways of defeating. After a boss is defeated, the number of beats is counted, and the player earns a crest depending on how many were gotten. The crests are as follows:


In 2008 and 2009, "Donkey Kong Jungle Beat" was one of the games released as part of the "New Play Control!" series of remade Nintendo GameCube games for the Wii. It features new and changed levels along with more traditional controls that use the analog stick to move and the A button to jump.

Matthew Henson

Matthew Alexander Henson (August 8, 1866 – March 9, 1955) was an American explorer and assistant of Robert Peary on various expeditions, the most famous being a 1909 expedition during which he may have been the first person to reach the Geographic North Pole.

Henson was born on August 8, 1866 in Nanjemoy, Maryland. He was married to Lucy Ross from 1906 until his death in 1955. Henson died on March 9, 1955 in his home in The Bronx, New York from a stroke, aged 88.


 

Robert Peary

Robert Edwin Peary, Sr. (May 6, 1856 – February 20, 1920) was an American explorer who claimed to have led the first expedition, on April 6, 1909, to reach the geographic North Pole. Peary's claim was widely credited for most of the 20th century, rather than the competing claim by Frederick Cook who said he got there a year earlier.

Peary was born on May 6, 1856 in Cresson, Pennsylvania. He was raised in Portland, Maine. Peary studied at Bowdoin College. He was married to Josephine Diebitsch from 1888 until his death in 1920. They had two children. Peary died on February 20, 1920 in Washington, D.C. from an illness, aged 63.


Star Fox (video game)

, known as Starwing in Europe, is a video game that was developed by Nintendo EAD and published by Nintendo.

It was released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It is the first game in the "Star Fox" series.

It was the first three-dimensional Nintendo video game. It was released in Japan on February 21, 1993, in North America on March 23, 1993, and in Europe on June 3, 1993. It uses the Super FX chip, which improves the graphics display. The story involves Fox McCloud and his Star Fox team defending their home of Corneria from Andross, the game's main villain.

The gameplay involves guiding Fox's spacecraft, an Arwing, through stages while destroying enemies. Power-ups are placed in stages to help the player.

The player must also defend their teammates from enemies. At the end of each stage is a boss. After completing a stage, the player is given a score based on how many enemies they destroyed and how well they defended their teammates.

The game was released in the spring of 1993 for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and quickly became a phenomenon. Before it was even released, preorders exceeded 1.7 million copies. In order to keep up with the preorder demand Nintendo shipped a million game cartridges on the game's opening weekend, some dropped by parachute to stores such as Sears.

To promote the game, Nintendo created "Star Fox"-themed kiosks which loosely resembled an Arwing and sent them to Sears stores. A TV with a VCR stood next to the kiosk, and if one sat in a chair inside the kiosk then it would rumble in response to the actions on-screen. Another game promotion was the "Super Star Fox Weekend" competition, in which specially rigged "Star Fox" game cartridges set to time themselves for four minutes were played. The objective of the competition was to get the highest score by shooting down the most enemies within the time limit. Prizes included a free trip to one of four locations around the globe, along with flight pins, flights jackets and other assorted winnings.

Grady Hatton

Grady Edgebert Hatton Jr. (October 7, 1922 – April 11, 2013) was an American baseball player, coach, manager and executive. Although the bulk of his playing career was as the third baseman and second baseman of the Cincinnati Reds, he also played for the Chicago Cubs and with the Chicago White Sox.

Hatton was born in Beaumont, Texas. He was raised in Houston, Texas. Hatton studied at the University of Texas at Austin. Hatton died on April, 11, 2013 in his home in Warren, Texas from natural causes, aged 90.

Star Fox: Assault

The game has three types of gameplay, including the Arwing, Landmaster, and on foot. Arwing gameplay is similar to "Star Fox" and "Star Fox 64", where players guide Fox McCloud's Arwing spacecraft through stages. The player shoots down enemies and has to defend their teammates. Power-ups are placed on stages to help the player. In some stages, the player may hop out of the Arwing. In Landmaster gameplay, the player guides a tank called the Landmaster. Players shoot or run over enemies, and help their teammates when they need help. On foot gameplay is similar to a traditional third-person shooter video game. The player starts with a blaster gun, and they can get stronger weapons, such as machine guns and sniper rifles.

Multiplayer can be played with up to four players. They can play on foot or in vehicles. New characters, weapons, items and maps can be unlocked in the game.

Ralph Kiner

Ralph McPherran Kiner (October 27, 1922 – February 6, 2014) was an American Major League Baseball (MLB) player and was an announcer for the New York Mets since the team's beginning. He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1975. Kiner played for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1946 through 1953. Then he played for the Chicago Cubs from 1953 through 1954. Then he played for the Cleveland Indians for a few months in 1955.

Kiner was born on October 27, 1922 in Santa Rita, New Mexico. He was raised in Alhambra, California and was of Dutch, Scottish, and Irish ancestry.

Kiner died on February 6, 2014, aged 91, in Rancho Mirage, California.


National Chung Hsing University

National Cheng Hsing University (NCHU; ) is a university in Taiwan. It was name "Chung Hsing (中興)" meaning "Chinese national revival". The main campus is in Taichung City. It was founded in 1919.

NCHU is among the four universities of the Taiwan Comprehensive University System.


National Chung Cheng University

National Chung Cheng University (CCU) is a university in Taiwan. It was named after Chiang Kai-Shek (Wade-Giles: Chiang Chung-cheng). The main campus is in Chiayi. It was founded in 1989.

CCU is among the four universities of the Taiwan Comprehensive University System.


Ice core

An ice core is a long piece of ice taken from a glacier. The ice is drilled very deep, so that the ice core goes back to old ice at the bottom of the glacier. Usually, ice cores are taken from Antarctica, Greenland or very high mountains.

Snow falls on ground and accumulates (gets deeper). As more snow falls, the bottom layers get compacted (thinner) because of the weight on top. In the end, only ice remains, and all air goes away. The deeper the ice, the older it is. Ice cores can be dated by looking at the layers: often every season can be seen in the ice core because it forms a layer. At other times it is more difficult to find out how old the ice is. Other methods can be used, like measuring conductivity or making mathematical models.

Scientists study ice cores to find out how the climate was in the past. The ice keeps information like gases, particles, ash from volcanoes. The type of water that forms the ice can be used to calculate the temperature of Earth.

Ice cores help us know what the temperature was on the planet in the past 800 thousand years. We know more about ice ages that happen periodically. This is a helpful addition to our knowledge about global warming.

Rumaithiya

Rumaithiya is an area in Hawalli governorate in Kuwait. About 58,000 people live there.

It is believed that the name of the area comes from a plant called Haloxylon. In the Arabic language, the plant is called "Rumth". The area used to have this plants in it. "Rumaithiya" literally means something related to "Rumth".


Milutin Milanković

Milutin Milanković (28 May 1879 – 12 December 1958) was a Serbian mathematician, astronomer, geophysicist, climatologist, civil engineer and writer. Milanković made two fundamental contributions to science. 

The first contribution was the "Canon of the Earth’s insolation", which explained the climates of the planets of the Solar system. He founded cosmic climatology by calculating temperatures of the upper layers of the Earth's atmosphere as well as the temperature conditions on planets of the inner Solar system, Mercury, Venus, Mars, and the Moon, as well as the depth of the atmosphere of the outer planets. 

The second contribution was his explanation of how the Earth's long-term climate changes are caused by changes in Earth's spin and orbit around the Sun. These are now known as Milankovich cycles. They explain the ice ages which occurred in the geological past of the Earth, and predict climate changes on the Earth which may be expected in the future. 

The explanation is not entirely accurate, so no doubt there are other factors also at work. These other factors would be such things as how much oxygen and carbon dioxide are in the atmosphere, the position of the continents, the amount of volcanic action, and so on. However, the cycles of climate do seem broadly to go as Milankovic predicted. Geological evidence from rhythmical features in sedimentary rocks are common.

Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes

Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes is a 1984 British adventure movie. It was directed by Hugh Hudson. It was based on Edgar Rice Burroughs' novel "Tarzan of the Apes" (1912). Christopher Lambert stars as Tarzan (though the name Tarzan is never used in the movie's dialogue) and Andie MacDowell as Jane. The cast also includes Sir Ralph Richardson, Ian Holm, James Fox, Cheryl Campbell, and Ian Charleson.

The movie received Academy Award nominations for "Best Supporting Actor" (Richardson), "Best Adapted Screenplay" and "Best Makeup".

The 2016 movie "The Legend of Tarzan (movie)", is a remake of this movie.



The movie received a mixed-to-postitive reaction, scoring a 60% "Fresh" Rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It scored lower with audiences with a score of 53%.


Brooke Adams

Brooke Adams (February 8, 1949) is an American actress. 

Royal Rumble (2006)

The 2006 Royal Rumblewas the nineteenth annual Royal Rumble PPV event held by WWE at the American Airlines Arena, in Miami, on January 29, 2006. It was sponsored by Sony Entertainment and The Con.

Red ██ and "Raw" indicates a Raw superstar, blue ██ and "SD!" indicates a SmackDown! superstar. A new entrant came out approximately every 90 seconds.

George Steele

William James Myers (April 16, 1937 – February 17, 2017), better known by his ring name George "The Animal" Steele, was a former American professional wrestler and actor. Steele's career lasted from 1967 until 1989.

He also played Swedish wrestler/actor Tor Johnson in "Ed Wood".

George Steele, who was a Baptist, died on February 17, 2017 under hospice care in Cocoa Beach, Florida from kidney failure, aged 79.


Kirby's Pinball Land

Kirby's Pinball Land is a pinball video game that was developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo in 1993. It is for the Game Boy game console. It is the first spin-off game in the "Kirby" series. It was later released for the Virtual Console service on the Nintendo 3DS in 2012.

The game features three pinball tables. Each table has three floors. The player earns points by bouncing off of walls and bumpers, and by defeating enemies. Players can also earn Maxim Tomatoes, which stops the player from losing a ball for a short amount of time. On the middle and top floors is a Warp Star. If the player takes the Warp Star on the middle floor, the player can play a minigame to earn extra points and multipliers. The Warp Star on the top floor takes the player to the boss of the table. After defeating a boss, the player can earn another life by spelling out the word "Extra" with the letters that appear on the table selection screen. After the player plays all three tables, they face against King Dedede. Defeating King Dedede allows the player to play the tables again for a higher score.

Kirby's Dream Collection

Kirby's Dream Collection is a 2012 compilation video game for the Wii game console. It was developed and published by Nintendo. It was made to honor the 20th anniversary of the "Kirby" series. It includes six games in the "Kirby" series, along with a booklet about the history of "Kirby" games and a soundtrack. It was released in Japan on July 19, 2012 and in North America on September 16, 2012. It includes the following games:


The game includes challenge stages based off of those seen in "Kirby's Return to Dream Land". It also includes a museum that shows every title in the "Kirby" series and has three episodes from "Kirby: Right Back at Ya!", an anime based off of the "Kirby" series.

Chris Cooper

Christopher W. "Chris" Cooper (born July 9, 1951) is an American actor. He is known for his role as John Laroche in the 2002 movie "Adaptation" for which he won an Academy Award and an Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor. Cooper was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He was raised in Houston, Texas. Cooper studied at Stephens College and at the University of Missouri. 

He has been married to Marianne Leone since 1983. They had one son, Jesse Cooper who died in 2005 from SUDEP. Cooper now lives in Kingston, Massachusetts. 


John Mutton

John Mutton (born August 5, 1966) is the founder of Municipal Solutions, an international business development firm. John Mutton was the Mayor of the Municipality of Clarington and elected from 1997-2006. Mutton also held the positions of Durham Region Finance Chair, Chair of the Ganaraska Conservation Authority, Chairman of Veridian Corporation and Chairman of the Association of Nuclear Host Communities.

John Mutton was born and raised in , Ontario. He graduated from Bowmanville High School, Ontario. He received a BSc from the State University of New York, USA, and a Masters Certificate, Municipal Management from the University of Ontario Institute of Technology, Oshawa, Ontario.

John Mutton was elected Mayor of Clarington in 2000 at the age of 34. He is the youngest person to become mayor of Clarington and was one of the youngest Mayors in Canada. Mutton held office for 6 years (2000 – 2006). He began his political career in 1997 as a Regional and Local Councillor of Clarington. While in office, Mutton focused on greater accountability in regional government, urban development and nuclear power expansion for Clarington.

He is credited with a method to finance new construction or major additions of buildings through issue of debentures by municipal government. First employed in 2001 to fund the South Courtice Arena and Recreation Complex, it is seen as a cost-effective method to undertake large scale publicly funded projects.

Mutton was part of the Canadian bid to become the site of the new International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor in 2003. The project was not successful. However, Mutton remained a champion for Darlington Nuclear Generating Station to become the site of a new nuclear facility in Ontario.

Mutton returned to municipal politics in 2010 in a bid for appointment of Durham Regional Chair. He would later lobby for and supported the campaign to reform the position from an appointment to one that is elected. A referendum was held in the 2010 election and 80% of voters were in favour of the reform. Durham Region Council passed By-law No. 19-2012 to change the selection method to election by general vote in 2012. Commencing in 2014, voters will elect the position. Durham Region was the second region in the Greater Toronto Area to adopt the reform.

• Established the Clarington Sports Hall of Fame in 2003.
• Newsmaker of the Year, 2006, Durham Region Metroland Newspapers.
• Received the Queen Elizabeth II’s Diamond Jubilee Medal from Her Majesty and the Government of Canada in 2013 for his years of service to Canada.


Nagisa Ōshima

Nagisa Oshima (March 31, 1932 – January 15, 2013) was a Japanese movie director and screenwriter. His movies include "In the Realm of the Senses" and "Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence".

Oshima was born on March 31, 1932 in Kyoto. He studied at Kyoto University. Oshima was married to Akiko Koyama from 1960 until his death in 2013. Oshima died on January 15, 2013 in Fujisawa, Japan from pneumonia, aged 80.


Educational psychology

Educational psychology is a branch of psychology. It has ancient roots, but was mostly developed in the 20th century. It has two "faces", the scientific and the humanistic.

Education as an objective science was strongly promoted around 1900 by Alfred Binet and Edward Thorndike. Binet it was who invented the first intelligence tests, and they were extended and promoted in English by Louis Terman. Binet's ideas were sympathetic to Thorndike, who was above all interested in turning psychology into a real science by research, measurement and empirical evidence. The arrival of World War I caused a huge conscription of men into the fighting services. Sorting out men of all types was an urgent problem. The intelligence tests proved to be very useful at helping get the right men into the right jobs. Not surprisingly, the use of IQ tests continued in education, where a similar problem of sorting out occurs in unselected public school enrollments.

The other way to look at educational psychology is to notice that a child is a growing person. Unlike most adults, the child is open to influence. Education does change a child. The emphasis on the child as a growing person is typical of humanistic psychology. It has many supporters, especially at primary school level. Examples of educators whose interest was humanistic include Johann Pestalozzi, Maria Montessori, John Dewey, and Jean Piaget. This type of approach is called "child-centered" education.

How these two approaches are balanced varies in different countries. Many countries have arrangements for certified psychologists to inluence schools and help children.

These posts are now called 'educational and child psychology' in the United Kingdom. Since a training overhaul in 2006, there is a 3-year taught doctorate similar to that of clinical psychology. In the United States it is still called school psychology. Educational and child psychology is the practice of applied psychology with children and families in the context of education and is usually based within a government local authority.

Kermit Gosnell

Kermit Gosnell (1941-) is a physician with a clinic in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He has been charged with murdering babies born alive. A patient also died in his care. He is facing 8 charges of murder and a possible death penalty. State officials, despite awareness of bad things going on, did nothing to stop him from 1993 until the FBI raided his clinic in 2010 on an unrelated matter.

Gary Player

Gary Player (born 1 November 1935) is a South African golfer. He was born in Johannesburg. He won the Masters Tournament three times, and nine major championships altogether. He is one of only five men to win all four majors.

National Trust of Australia

The Australian Council of National Trusts (ACNT) is a national organization for community-based, non-government organisations that promote and conserve Australia's natural and historic heritage.
Begun in 1965, it joined together the eight National Trusts in each Australian state and territory. It provides them with a national office and national and international presence.

Together, the National Trusts own or manage over 300 heritage places. About 7000 people work as volunteers with and there are 350 paid employees. Around 1,000,000 people visit the properties and their collections in Australia each year.

The member organisations are:

It was based on the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty in England. Local campaigns to conserve native bushland and save old buildings were the forces that led to the first Australian national trusts in New South Wales in 1947, South Australia in 1955 and Victoria in 1956. They were followed later by Western Australia, Tasmania and Queensland.

Annie Forsyth Wyatt (1885-1961) was the driving force behind the beginning of the National Trust in Australia. She lived for much of her life in a cottage in Gordon, New South Wales, which is still standing. 

Helena-West Helena, Arkansas

Helena-West Helena is the county seat of and the largest city within Phillips County in eastern Arkansas. The city is near the Mississippi State border line. As of 2020, 9,519 people live in the city. The original Helena was established in 1833. In 2006, Helena and West Helena were consolidated into one city.

Talgai

Talgai is an archaeological site, near Allora on the Darling Downs, south east of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. In 1884 a Pleistocene era skull was found in Dalrymple Creek after a big flood. It was found by William Naish, a shearer, who was building a fence at the East Talgai station. The skull was that of a 14 year old boy who had lived about 11,000 years ago. Naish gave the skull to the owners of the station. It was purchased by the University of Sydney in 1914. It was the first fossil found which showed the early human occupation of Australia.

The skull was heavily encrusted with calcium carbonate and the shape had been distorted during long time buried in the ground. At first scientists thought it was a primitive skull with ape like teeth. Later study showed that the skull was a modern Homo sapien, the teeth were normal, but heavily worn. The boy had a massive injury to the side of his skull which was probably what had killed him.

In 1968 a Tom Haydon made a documentary movie, "The Talgai Skull: An Investigation Into the Origin of the Australian Aborigines". It won the Australian Film Institute award for Best Documentary.

Into Eternity

Into Eternity are a Canadian progressive metal band from Regina, Saskatchewan. 

Into Eternity was formed in 1997 by band members Tim Roth, Scott Krall and Jim Austin. They released their eponymous debut studio album "Into Eternity" in 1999. They re-released their debut album when they signed to Century Media Records a year later. Their second album "Dead or Dreaming" was released in 2001. The album saw the band move more into a progressive and death metal style. Their third studio album "Buried in Oblivion" was released on February 10, 2004 and their fourth studio album "The Scattering of Ashes" was released on October 3, 2006.

The band then went on tour from 2006 to 2008 and released their fifth studio album "The Incurable Tragedy" on August 25, 2008.

Drummer Bryan Newbury joined the band on March 9, 2011 and Stu Block joined Iced Earth in 2011. Amanda Kiernan joined the band in February 2012. In July 2021, Stu Block rejoined Into Eternity as a second vocalist (in a duet with Amanda).





Isabelle Allen

Isabelle Lucy Allen (born 16 March 2002) is an English stage and screen teen actress known for her role as the young Cosette in the 2012 film adaptation of "Les Misérables".


Assumption College (Thailand)

Assumption College (), is a private Catholic school for boys in Thailand. It was founded in 1885 by Father Emile August Colombet, and is the third-oldest school in Thailand. Assumption College is in Bang Rak, Bangkok. The school is one of the four schools in Jaturamitr Samakkee, a traditional football match by four oldest boys' schools in Thailand including Suankularb Wittayalai School, Debsirin School and Bangkok Christian College.

The list of graduates includes four former Prime Ministers of Thailand, several businessmen, fifteens privy counselors, etc. A lot of students are Chinese Thais and the first student of school name Mr. Siew Meng Tek is also Chinese-Thai. Assumption College is the one of most famous schools in Thailand. As of today, more than 50,000 students have been educated at Assumption College. 


Scatter graph

A scatter graph (also known as a scatter-plot) is a type of graph or diagram. 

It plots two variables of data along the x and y axes. It is used to show the relationship between two quantitative variables.

Hero of Alexandria

Hero (or Heron) of Alexandria () (c. 10–70 AD) was an ancient Greek mathematician and engineer. He lived and worked in Alexandria when Alexander the Great ruled. He is known for his inventions and experiments. One of his well known inventions was the Aeolipile (a simple steam turbine). He also discovered a way to calculate square roots, and Heron's formula for finding the area of a triangle.

Cajori says "Hero was a practical surveyor, so it is not surprising to find little resemblance between his writing and those of Euclid or Apollonius".


OS X Mountain Lion

OS X 10.8 "Mountain Lion" is an operating system made by Apple Inc. for its Macintosh line of computers. It is a version of OS X, and carries the release number 10.8. It was released on July 25, 2012. According to Apple, "Mountain Lion" contains over 200 changes and improvements since OS X 10.7 "Lion".

"OS X 10.8" was announced February 16, 2012 along with the release of an unfinished (developer preview) version for people who are signed up to its "Developer Portal". The upgrade was released to the public on the Mac App Store on 25 July, 2012 after over 5 months in beta.

Main features:

Smaller features:

Sehnsa

Sehnsa () is a large town in Azad Kashmir. It is a sub-district of the Kotli District.

Turkish State Cemetery

The Turkish State Cemetery is the national cemetery of Turkey. It is in the capital, Ankara. The Turkish government made a law to create a national cemetery in a historic memorial park. It opened in 1988. The bodies of Turkish soldiers were moved here. Also, the bodies of some members of the Turkish government who had died were moved here.



1 Mareşal (Field marshal), 11 Birinci Feriks, 14 Feriks, 20 Mirlivas, 14 Miralay (Colonel)s and 1 Kaymakam (Lieutenant Colonel), who were selected from companion-in-arms of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk in the Turkish War of Independence, in total 61 commanders rest here. But tombs of 11 commanders are empty and only symbolic monument.


Sculptures of Turkish history in the memorial park


Chi Cheng

Chi Ling Dai Cheng (July 15, 1970 – April 13, 2013) was an American musician and bassist for alternative metal band Deftones. He was of Chinese ancestry.

He was also the author of a collection of poetry which was titled "The Bamboo Parachute" and was released in June 2000 as a spoken word album. He joined Deftones in 1988 and a recorded a four track demo with them soon after joining. He was also a practicing Buddhist.

On November 4, 2008, Cheng was involved in a car accident in Santa Clara, California. Cheng was in the passenger seat, was not wearing a seat belt and was ejected from the vehicle. Cheng slipped into a coma and was showing signs of improvement in May 2010 but never recovered fully recovered. He died on April 13, 2013.

Laura Kaeppeler

Laura Marie Kaeppeler (b. March 2, 1988) is the former Miss America for 2012. She represented the State of Wisconsin during the Miss America Pageants in January 2012. She was the first Miss Wisconsin to win Miss America in almost forty years.

Toluca de Lerdo

Toluca de Lerdo, is the state capital of both the State of Mexico and its surrounding municipality.

Durango (disambiguation)

Durango is a state in Mexico. It might also mean:


Angélica Rivera

Angélica Rivera Hurtado (born August 2, 1969) is a Mexican telenovela actress and the former First Lady of Mexico. She is the wife of the President of Mexico, Enrique Peña Nieto. She is known for her roles on "La Dueña" (Mexico) (1995), "Ángela" (1998), "Sin Pecado Concebido" (2001), "Mariana de la Noche" (2003), and in "Destilando Amor" (2007).

Rivera was born on August 2, 1969 in Manzanillo, Colima, Mexico. She was married to José Alberto Castro from 1994 until they divorced in 2008. Then she was married to Enrique Peña Nieto from 2010 until they divorced in 2019. She has three children.


César Évora

César Évora (born 'César Évora y Díaz; November 4, 1953) is a Cuban-Mexican actor who is known for his roles on Mexican telenovelas. He is the cousin of Cuban writer Daína Chaviano.

Évora was born on November 4, 1953 in Havana, Cuba. He is divorced from his first wife. Évora is currently married to Vivian Domínguez and has three children. Évora acquired Mexican citizenship in 1999.

Daína Chaviano

Daína Chaviano (born 1960 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban writer. She is thought to be one of the three most important female fantasy and science fiction writers in the Spanish language, along with Angélica Gorodischer (Argentina) and Elia Barceló (Spain), forming the so-called “feminine trinity of science fiction in Latin America.” She is the cousin of Cuban-Mexican actor César Évora.


Angélica Gorodischer

Angélica Gorodischer (28 July 1928 – 5 February 2022) was an Argentine writer. She was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. She was known for her collection of short stories, which belong to a wide variety of genres, including science-fiction, fantasy, crime and stories with a feminist perspective.

Gorodischer died on 5 February 2022 at her home in Rosario, Argentina from cancer at the age of 93.


Tom Atkins

Thomas "Tom" Atkins (born November 13, 1935) is an American actor. He is known for playing a sheriff or police officer in horror movies. He starred as Dan Challis in "" (1982).

Atkins was born on November 13, 1935 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He studied at Duquesne University. Atkins was married to Garn Stephens until they divorced. Then he was married to Janice Atkins since 1986. He has one child, Taylor Atkins.


Djurgårdsandan

Djurgårdsandan (literally translated as ‘the Djurgården spirit’) is a corporate social responsibility (CSR) commitment. It was founded in 2006 by the Djurgården football association with other organizations related to Djurgården. This programme actively works with adolescents through a variety of social projects that range from health issues, ethnic integration and to crime reduction. In addition, other highly notable aims of Djurgårdsandan are a promotion of the values of the association and a positive ‘supporter culture’. 

Djurgårdsandan’s deals primarily with:


During the 2013 season of the elite and professional Swedish league (Allsvenskan), Djurgården’s kit will feature the logo of Djurgårdsandan.


Woodhenge

Woodhenge is a Neolithic henge and timber circle monument near Stonehenge. It is part of the UNESCO Stonehenge World Heritage Site in Wiltshire, north-east of Stonehenge.

Woodhenge was identified in 1925 by an aerial archaeology survey.

The structure was probably built during the period of the Beaker culture. This spanned both the late Neolithic and Britain's early Bronze Age.

The ditch has been dated to between 2470 and 2000 BC, which would be about the same time as, or slightly later than, construction of the stone circle at Stonehenge. The timber monument was probably earlier. Radiocarbon dating of artifacts shows that the site was still in use around 1800 BC.

The site consists of six concentric oval rings of post holes, the outermost being about wide. They are surrounded first by a single flat-bottomed ditch, deep and up to wide, and finally by an outer bank, about wide and high. With an overall diameter measuring , the site had a single entrance to the northeast.

At the center of the rings, was a crouched inhumation of a child, which Cunnington interpreted as a dedicatory sacrifice. After excavation, the remains were taken to London, where they were destroyed during the Blitz, making further examination impossible. Cunnington also found a crouched inhumation of a teenager in a grave dug in the Eastern section of the ditch, opposite the entrance.

Most of the 168 post holes held wooden posts, although Cunnington found evidence that a pair of standing stones may have been placed between the second and third post hole rings. Recent excavations in 2006 have indicated that there were, in fact, at least five standing stones on the site, arranged in a "cove". The deepest post holes measured up to – and are believed to have held posts which reached as high as above ground. Those posts would have weighed up to 5 tons, and their arrangement was similar to that of the bluestones at Stonehenge. The positions of the postholes are currently marked with modern concrete posts – a simple and informative method of displaying the site.

Further comparisons with Stonehenge were quickly noticed by Cunnington – both have entrances oriented approximately to the midsummer sunrise, and the diameters of the timber circles at Woodhenge and the stone circles at Stonehenge are similar.

Simple tracings were made of Maud Cunnington's and Professor Alexander Thom's plans of Woodhenge, which when folded to find its major axis of symmetry indicated that the monument may be aligned on the moon. A GPS survey made in 2008 produced the same result.

Over 40 years after the discovery of Woodhenge, another timber circle of comparable size was discovered in 1966. Known as the Southern Circle, inside of what came to be known as the Durrington Walls henge enclosure, only north of Woodhenge.

It is likely that the timbers were freestanding, rather than part of a roofed structure. For many years work on the study of Stonehenge had overshadowed any real breakthroughs in the understanding of Woodhenge. Ongoing investigations are part of the .

Theories have emerged in which the sites may all be integrated into an overall layout, in which the structures were linked by roads, and which incorporated the natural features of the River Avon. One suggestion is that the use of wood vs. stone may have held a special significance in the beliefs and practices involving the transformation between life and death.


Tokyo Metropolis

Greater Tokyo includes land in the Kantō region and also the Izu Islands and Ogasawara Islands. Ten percent (10%) of the Japanese people live in Tokyo, and as many as twenty percent (20%) of the population live around it. As of 2007, the population was 12,790,000. Tokyo is in a part of Japan called the Kantō Plain. Two big rivers run through Tokyo. One is the Arakawa River which runs from the north to the south, and flows into Tokyo Bay. The other is the Tama River which runs from the west to the east. The Tama River is a border between Tokyo and its neighbor city, Kawasaki.

In 1943, Tokyo prefecture's municipalities and city of Tokyo were associated in a special way. The administration of Tokyo city merged with the administration of Tokyo Prefecture. Tokyo Metropolis is governed by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government.

Tokyo has many outlying islands.

The Izu Islands include Izu Ōshima, Toshima, Niijima, Shikinejima, Kozushima, Miyakejima, Mikurajima, Hachijojima, and Aogashima.

The Ogasawara Islands include Chichi-jima, Nishinoshima, Haha-jima, Kita Iwo Jima, Iwo Jima, and Minami Iwo Jima. Minami Torishima, the easternmost point in Japan, is also part of the Ogasawaras. Okinotorishima, the southernmost point in Japan, is also administered by Tokyo as part of this group.

Tokyo is the cultural, business, and political center of the country. It is also the center of many transport systems. There are many air, rail, sea, and road links in and out of the city. Local subway and bus systems serve every part of the city.

Two commercial airports serve Tokyo. Haneda Airport is in the city limits next to Tokyo Bay. This airport is mostly for domestic travel. Most international flights to and from Tokyo go through Narita International Airport in Chiba Prefecture, opened in 1978.

Tokyo has a busy international and domestic port, but more traffic goes through the nearby port of Yokohama. There are domestic ferries to the islands of Tokyo, but also to other parts of the country such as Hokkaido.




Ring of Brodgar

The Ring of Brodgar is a Neolithic henge and stone circle on Mainland, the largest island in Orkney, Scotland. It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site known as the Heart of Neolithic Orkney.

The stone circle is in diameter, and the third largest in the British Isles. The ring originally comprised 60 stones, of which only 27 remained standing at the end of the 20th century. The tallest stones stand at the south and west of the ring.

The stones are set in a circular ditch up to deep, wide and in circumference that was carved out of the solid sandstone bedrock by the ancient residents. Technically, this ditch does not constitute a true henge as there is no sign of an encircling bank of earth and rock. However, many archaeologists refer to this structure as a henge. Aubrey Burl classifies the ditch as a Class II henge; one that has two opposing entrances, in this case on the north-west and south-east.

The Ring is in a significant ritual landscape. Within there are the two circle-henges, four chambered tombs, groups of standing stones, single stones, barrows, cairns, and mounds. A number of flint arrowheads and broken stone mace-heads were found nearby. They seem to date from the Bronze Age. The nearby Standing Stones of Stenness and its Maeshowe tomb help to make the Ring of Brodgar a site of major importance.

Gliese 581

Gliese 581 is an M-class red dwarf star that is not far from the Earth. It is 22 light years away from the Solar system. This makes it the 89th closest known star to the Sun. It is also known as HO Librae, GL 581, or GJ 581.

Astronomers have discovered some planets that orbit Gliese 581. The astronomers agree that four of the planets are real, but some think there are two more planets.

Gliese 581 has a radius, and mass, about a third that of the Sun. Its estimated temperature is 3,498 Kelvin (4125 Celsius, 7457 Fahrenheit). Its luminosity is 0.01205 times the luminosity of the Sun.

People on Earth can see Gliese 581 in the constellation Libra. The star's apparent magnitude is 10.57. This means that a person on Earth would need to use a telescope to see Gliese 581, because the star is not bright enough for the naked eye to see.

In the 2005, scientists found a planet orbiting Gliese 581. The scientists, led by Stephen Vogt, used a method called Doppler spectroscopy to find the planet and some facts about the planet. They said that the planet, named Gliese 581b, has a size close to the size of Neptune (the eighth planet in our solar system). They found that 581b weighs 16.6 times as much as the Earth, and that its orbit around GL 581 lasts for 5.366 days.

After this study was published, more scientists started to look for other planets that orbit Gliese 581. In the 2007, another group of astronomers said that they found two more planets. These two planets were named 581c and 581d. For planet c, the scientists measured a mass of 5.06 times the Earth's mass. They found that the planet's orbit lasts for 12.931 days. For planet d, they found a mass of 8.3 times the Earth's mass, and an orbit time of 83.4 days.

In 2009, the first group of astronomers found a fourth planet, named 581e. They measured the planet's mass to be 1.94 times the mass of the Earth, and measured the planet's orbit to be 3.149 days long. The astronomers also studied planet 581d again, and made more accurate measurements for that planet. They found that the planet has a mass that is 7.09 times the Earth's mass, and that its orbit lasts for 66.8 days.

Vogt's group of astronomers said that they have found two more planets orbiting Gliese 581, named 581f and 581g. They published their findings in 2010. For planet 581f, they found a mass of 7.0 Earth masses and an orbit length of 433 days. For the other new planet, 581g, the group measured a mass that was 3.1 times the mass of the Earth and an orbit that was 36.6 days long.

After the Vogt group published their report on the fifth and sixth planets, some other astronomers published opposing results. In 2012, these other scientists said that planets 581f and 581g did not actually exist. Their report stated that the Vogt group's new findings were false positives. They looked at the original Doppler spectroscopy data again, and found no signs of the two new planets.

However, the Vogt group published even more research that supported the two new planets. Later in 2012, they studied new Doppler spectroscopy experiments and found stronger signs of planets 581f and 581g. They also simulated the two orbit models that the two groups of scientists have proposed. Vogt's group found that the proposed system with four planets was unstable, meaning that if there were only four planets orbiting Gliese 581, the system would have broken a long time ago. On the other hand, they said that the system with six planets was much more stable.

Today, there is still no consensus about whether or not planets 581f or 581g exist.

Two orbit models for the Gliese 581 system are being considered currently. An orbit model is a scientific model that astronomers create as a hypothesis of how a star's planets go through their orbits. One has four planets with eccentric orbits, and the other has six planets with circular orbits.

In the first model, some scientists propose that only the four planets 581b, 581c, 581d, and 581e orbit Gliese 581. None of the planets orbits in a circle. Instead, their paths around the star are ellipses.

In the second model, the six planets 581b through 581g orbit around Gliese 581. Here, each planet has a circular orbit around the host star.

In November 2012, scientists at the European Space Agency said that they found a belt of comets orbiting around Gliese 581. Our solar system has a similar comet belt called the Kuiper belt.

Astronomers think that Gliese 581's habitable zone goes from approximately 0.05 AU (astronomical units) to 0.24 AU away from the star. This means that planets orbiting between these distances could be the right temperature to let organic life (life as we know it on Earth) survive.

If the six-planet model is correct, then at least two of the planets might be habitable. In other words, humans might be able to live there. In this model, the planet 581d orbits at the outside edge of Gliese 581's habitable zone, and the planet 581g orbits in the middle of the habitable zone. If the atmosphere on 581g is like Earth's atmosphere, the planet's temperature would be between 236 and 261 Kelvin (-37 and -12 Celsius, -35 and 10 Fahrenheit). This is only a little lower than Earth's temperature.

Even though these two planets might be the right temperature for life to live, other issues could make their environments hostile. Planet 581g might be stuck in an orbit resonance, where the planet spins at the same rate that it orbits around the star. This would mean that one side of the planet always faces the star, just like the same side of the Moon always faces the Earth. If this is the case, the side that faces the star would be too hot for people to live, while the other side would be too cold. Planet 581d might also be caught in an orbit resonance.


EPR paradox

The EPR paradox is an early and strong criticism of can quantum mechanics. Albert Einstein and his co-workers, Boris Podolsky and Nathan Rosen, said that Niels Bohr, Werner Heisenberg, and the other scientists in Copenhagen were wrong about uncertainty. Heisenberg claimed that you could never know, for any one time, both the position and momentum (or velocity, or trajectory) of any atom-sized or smaller particle. The idea was that the two could not be measured at the same time, and that as soon as one was measured a change would occur and you would not get the same answer for the other one that you would have gotten if you had measured it first. Einstein and his group said that Heisenberg should think again. Suppose you had two very small particles. You measured the weight of each of them and then stuck them together. You gave them a little push. Then something broke them apart. They should have both positions and velocities that were related. So if you measured the position of one of them, then even if you assumed that Heisenberg was right and you could not avoid messing up its velocity in the process of measuring it, surely that did not mean that it never had a definite velocity. For proof, Einstein said that you could next measure the velocity of the second particle and, since everything was mathematically related, you would then know the velocity of the first particle. 

There was one way that Heisenberg could be right, a reason that Einstein thought was nonsense: What if measuring the position of the first particle would mess up the velocity of the second particle. That would be like magic. How could anybody explain such an influence? Suppose that the two particles were moving away very fast and a long time had gone by. If something that happened to the first particle somehow influenced the second particle, its influence would have to travel faster than the speed of light, which is impossible. Physicists like Erwin Schrödinger suggested that maybe the relationship in position and velocity would just gradually go away somehow. Schrödinger called the connection between the two particles (and anything like it that happened to other things) "entanglement." 

"Spooky action at a distance," as Einstein called it, is one way of understanding this paradox. Einstein had no way of knowing that future experiments would show that entanglement exists. In the end, John Stewart Bell showed mathematically (Bell's theorem) that there is no way that hidden variables could account for experimental results that show entanglement.

Soakage

A soakage, or soak, is a source of water in the deserts of Australia. It is called a soak because the water generally soaks into the sandy ground, and is stored below. They sometimes form part of an ephemeral river or drainage system. Soakages were traditionally important sources of water for Aboriginal people in the desert, because they are the most reliable sources in times of drought. Knowing the exact location of each soakage was very valuable knowledge. In the 19th century, the explorers Peter Warburton and David Carnegie wrote that they had chased down Aboriginal people with camels and captured and chained them to force them to reveal their secret sources of water.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 17

America's Next Top Model: All-Stars is the seventeenth cycle of "America's Next Top Model". This cycle features contestants from previous cycles who didn't win. They compete for a grand prize. The winner was 30-year-old Lisa D'Amato.

The prizes for this cycle were:

This cycle had 14 previous contestants:

Episode 1

Episode 2

Episode 3

Episode 4

Episode 5

Episode 6

Episode 7

Episode 8

Episode 9

Episode 10

Episode 11

Episode 12


Wuhan

Wuhan () is the capital of Hubei province, People's Republic of China, and is the city with most people in Central China. It is at the east of the Jianghan Plain, where the Yangtze and Han rivers meet. Joining three nearby cities, Wuchang, Hankou, and Hanyang, Wuhan is a center of transportation, with many railways, roads and expressways passing through. Because of its important role in transportation, Wuhan was sometimes called the "Chicago of China." It is also recognized as the political, economic, financial, cultural, and educational center of central China. 

The city of Wuhan, first called so in 1927, has 10,020,000 people (as at 2011). In the 1920s, Wuhan was the national capital of a Kuomintang (KMT) government led by Wang Jingwei when he was against Chiang Kai-shek, and it was also the capital in 1937.

In December 2019, the COVID-19 pandemic started in Wuhan.

Wuhan University

Wuhan University () is a university in Wuhan, China. It started teaching in 1893. The buildings and the cherry blossom in the university are very beautiful and well known. People think it is one of the most beautiful universities in China.

Mantarur

Mantarur is a hilly area in the southwest of the Northern Territory, Australia. It forms the southeastern end of the Olia Chain of mountains. This outcrop includes Butler's Dome (; 1102 metres above sea level). The granite escarpment called Foster's Cliff is nearby to the east. Mantarur is located about southwest of Kata Tjuṯa. It is on Pitjantjatjara land, part of the Petermann Aboriginal Land Trust. A family outstation was established here in the 1980s, at a rockhole in the western slopes. It has since been abandoned.

Frank Rees George led a prospecting expedition through the area between 1905 and 1906. George gave names to several of the landforms, including Butler's Dome, which is believed to have been named after Richard Butler, who was a minister of South Australia. He named Foster's Cliff after R. W. Foster, the South Australian Commissioner of Public Works. The expedition found traces of gold at Foster's Cliff, but not enough of it to warrant mining. It was the only place in the Petermann Ranges found to contain any gold. 

Maria Tallchief

Elizabeth Marie Tall Chief (stage name Maria Tallchief; January 24, 1925 - April 11, 2013) was the first person of Native American descent to become prima ballerina for a major company. She is especially well known for her time with the New York City Ballet, where she performed between 1948 and 1965. 

Maria Tallchief grew up on an Indian reservation in Oklahoma. Her father was Osage. Her mother was Scottish-Irish. She started doing ballet at age four. By the time she was eight, she had already gone through all teachers at her level in Oklahoma, so her family moved to Beverly Hills. She was trained by Bronislava Nijinska, David Lichine, and George Balanchine. Balanchine became her husband in 1942. She starred in many of her husband's ballets including "The Firebird". After she starred in "The Firebird", she got international recognition. She was an artistic director of the Chicago City Ballet from 1980 to 1987. She was recognized in the National Women's Hall of Fame. 

Maria Tallchief died due to complications from surgery to fix a broken hip at the Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago at age 88.



Olia chain

The Olia Chain (or The Olias) is a mountain range in the southwest of the Northern Territory, Australia. It forms the southeastern end of the Petermann Ranges, and connects these ranges with the Musgrave Ranges further south. The Olia Chain consists of scattered outcrops of rocky hills, separated and surrounded by sandy plains. It extends from Katamala Cone (828 m) at its northern end to Mantarur (including Butler's Dome, 1102 m) in the south. The centre of the chain is dominated by Stevenson Peak (1025 m). A few kilometres northeast of this peak is a Pitjantjatjara outstation, called Pirrulpakalarintja.

The Olia Chain mostly consist of flat-topped ridges composed of sandstone, slate, quartzite, and limestone rock beds.

Star Fox Adventures

Star Fox Adventures is an action-adventure video game for the Nintendo GameCube game console. It was developed by Rare and published by Nintendo. It was released in North America on September 23, 2002, in Japan on September 27, 2002, and in Europe on November 22, 2002. It was Rare's last game for a Nintendo console before they were bought by Microsoft as a developer for their Xbox console. The plot centers around Fox McCloud restoring the remote Dinosaur Planet by finding pieces that have broken off of it.

Unlike the other "Star Fox" games, "Star Fox Adventures" plays as an action-adventure game similar to "". Instead of a blaster, Fox uses a staff as his weapon. Fox can find power-ups for his staff that allow it to fire projectiles, freeze enemies, and reach areas that he cannot reach on his own. Fox cannot jump unless he runs off of something, in the same way that Link jumps in "The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time".

Orthonormality

Two vectors in an inner product space are orthonormal if and only if they are orthogonal (perpendicular) and unit vectors.

Frank Bank

Frank Bank (April 12, 1942 – April 13, 2013) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Clarence "Lumpy" Rutherford on the situation comedy television series "Leave It to Beaver".

Bank was born on April 12, 1942 in Los Angeles, California. He died on April 13, 2013 from unknown causes, aged 71.


Harvey Fierstein

Harvey Forbes Fierstein (born June 6, 1952) is an American actor and playwright. He is known for playing his voice role as Yao in the 1998 animated movie "Mulan". He won two Tony Awards and two Drama Desk Awards.

Fierstein was born on June 6, 1952 in Brooklyn, New York. He was raised Jewish, but he is an atheist. Fierstein is openly gay. He now lives in Ridgefield, Connecticut. Fierstein is an activist for Gay Rights as supporter for the Democratic Party.


James Whistler

James Abbott McNeill Whistler (; July 11, 1834July 17, 1903) was an American painter, most famous for a portrait of his mother. He was also known for using musical terms in naming his paintings. Some examples of these are his ""Symphony and Harmony"" and his painting collections called ""nocturnes"". 

Whistler was also an outspoken advocate of Japanese calligraphy.

Railgun

A Railgun is a gun that fires a projectile (bullets or plasma) using a magnetic field produced by electricity. Unlike regular guns, it does not use gunpowder or other explosive propellants, and rarely needs to be cleaned or unjammed. Currently, most railguns are experimental and are not used in actual combat, but the U.S. Navy is expecting to have one operating soon. In theory, a railgun could fire a bowling-ball-sized projectile fast enough to destroy a small building, even over long distances. Railguns are usually very large and not portable because of the need for a large power supply. There have been proposals to use the same technology for non-weapon purposes, such as aircraft and spacecraft launchers and specialized tools.

The driving force of a railgun power is the magnetic field created when electricity runs through the rails from the positive to negative ends.The more electricity running through the rail the stronger the magnetic field.The railgun projectile is positively charged so it is repulsed by the positive end.In most railguns millions of amperes are ran through the positive end to the negative end.When the positive charge run through the railgun nears and leaves the projectile lorentz force acts on the projectile.This propels it out of the rail gun.

Beneficiary

A beneficiary is someone who gets money or other things from somebody else. For example, in a life insurance policy the beneficiary gets the money after the insured person dies. A beneficiary can also be the person chosen in someone's will. The person or group who gives the money is called the benefactor. In Trust law the beneficiary is the person who receives property from a trustee.

Katiti Aboriginal Land Trust

The Katiti Aboriginal Land Trust is a land trust for a block of land in the southwest of the Northern Territory, Australia. It was created through the Katiti Land Claim in 1980. The trust's owners include Pitjantjatjara, Yankunytjatjara and Luritja people. The block of land is officially referred to as Northern Territory Portion 1818. It borders the larger Petermann Land Trust area and Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa National Park to the north and west, and two pastoral stations to the east and south: Curtin Springs and Mulga Park. The town of Yulara is excluded from the Land Trusts, and sits between the Katiti block and Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa National Park.

The trust is named after Katiti (), a natural spring located about south of Lake Amadeus. This spring was first written about by Baldwin Spencer and Francis James Gillen. They visited it in 1894 on their way to Uluṟu, and recorded the name "Kurtitina" (more accurately, "). The prospecting expedition led by Lawrence Wells visited the spring in 1903, and Herbert Basedow marked it on his maps as "Curtyteena".

Before the 1970s, the area of land now held by the Katiti ALT was considered crown land by the government. The region to the southwest had been declared an Aboriginal reservation in 1920. An area of land around Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa had been made into the Ayers Rock–Mt Olga National Park in 1958. The Katiti block, however, was considered unused. In 1976, the Australian Federal Government passed the Aboriginal Land Rights Act. This law allowed Aboriginal communities to claim ownership of unused land, and to be granted freehold title to that land if they could show that they had a historical association with it. Section 4 of the act gave the Minister for Aboriginal Affairs the power to establish Land Trusts to look after the title.

The Katiti Land Claim was formally submitted in 1979. The claim was for a larger area than what is held by the Trust today, and included the Ayers Rock–Mt Olga National Park. It was sumbitted by the Central Land Council on the behalf of several hundred people, most of whom lived at Muṯitjulu. The people were granted legal ownership to the block of land now held by the Katiti ALT on 30 September 1980. They were not granted the title to Ayers Rock–Mt Olga because it was already being used as a national park. They were, however, recognised as the park's traditional owners ("). Also excluded from the property granted were a area surrounding the resort town of Yulara, and a area covering the Petermann Road, which provided tourist access to Uluṟu.

Petermann Road was later replaced by the Lasseter Highway, and the government transferred the title to the old road to the Katiti ALT on 23 February 1990. Legal ownership over the national park's land was eventually granted to its traditional owners in 1985, and the title to this area is held by the Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa Aboriginal Land Trust. Ownership of the Yulara area was the subject of a court case, which ended in 2006.

Palestinian political violence

The common objectives of "Political Violence" or "Resistance" by the State of Palestine or Palestinian nationalists include self-determination in and sovereignty over Palestine, and recognition of a Palestinian state, either in place of both Israel and the Palestinian territories, or solely in the Palestinian territories. More limited goals include the release of Palestinian prisoners held hostage by the Israeli regime or the Palestinian right of return. Other motivations include personal grievances"(injustice)", trauma or revenge. Its history begins from 1851 during the Ottoman Empire, and continued after the declaration of Israel in 1948.

Fred Durst

William Frederick Durst (born Frederick Allen Mayne III; August 20, 1970) is an American singer and movie director known for being the lead singer of the nu metal band, Limp Bizkit.

He is also known for his work in independent movies and made his directorial debut in with the 2007 movie "The Education of Charlie Banks". The second movie he directed was the 2008 movie "The Longshots". He was ranked at #71 in the "Top 100 Heavy Metal Vocalists" by Hit Parader.

Dave Lombardo

David Lombardo (born February 16, 1965 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban American musician, best known as the co-founder and drummer of the American thrash metal band Slayer. 

Lombardo has also been a part of his side project Grip Inc., Fantômas, Philm, and Testament. He was born in Havana and moved to South Gate, California with his family when he was two years old. He was given his first drum set at the age of ten. He was given the title "the godfather of double bass" from Drummer World. He is known as an inspiration to many modern metal drummers, mainly within both the thrash and death metal genres. 

He left Slayer in 2013 and was replaced by Paul Bostaph. After he left Slayer, he decided to reform his side project Grip Inc.

Lombardo now plays for Suicidal Tendencies, Dead Cross, and The Misfits.

Mount Currie

Mount Currie is a mountain in the southwest of the Northern Territory, Australia. It is about above sea level. It is part of the same line of conglomerate hills that includes Uluṟu and Kata Tjuṯa. These three formations have very similar compositions. The sheet of conglomerate that is shared by all three is called Mount Currie Conglomerate.

The peak was named Mount Currie by the explorer William H. Tietkens, who led an expedition through the area in 1889. He named the peak from a distance, and did not actually approach it. The first White explorers to reach Mount Currie were the Mackay Expedition in June 1926, which was led by Donald Mackay and Herbert Basedow.

Plastic Brit

"Plastic Brit" is a rude insult that is used towards sportspeople who were not born in the United Kingdom but were chosen to compete for Great Britain. It was mainly used by the Daily Mail in the build up to the 2012 Summer Olympics. It was argued against by some of the sportspeople who were called "Plastic Brits", including Yamilé Aldama who wrote a page against it in The Guardian.

Aurora (disambiguation)

An aurora is a natural light display usually seen near the Earth's poles.

Aurora might also mean:



Semitic

Semitic might mean:


2013 Boston Marathon bombings

The Boston Marathon bombings were a terrorist attack that happened during the 2013 Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013 in Boston, Massachusetts. At 2:49 PM EDT, two bombs exploded thirteen seconds apart near the finish line. Three people were killed and an estimated 264 people were injured. The windows of stores near the explosions were broken, and a window on the third floor of the Boston Public Library, across the street from the site of one of the explosions, was damaged.

At the time of the first traumatic explosion, the clock at the finish line showed a time of 04:09:43. This was within minutes of the time that the most runners were crossing the finish line during the 2013 Boston Marathon. The winning runners had crossed the finish line two hours earlier, and other runners were finishing. The remaining runners were directed away from the finish line.

The Federal Aviation Administration stopped all airplanes from departing Boston's Logan International Airport for almost two hours. The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, Boston's transit system, had some service shut down after the bombings.

In response to the bombings, security was increased in New York City. Counter-terrorism vehicles were sent to landmark sites in the city. Security was increased at Times Square, hotels, and other places. Security was also increased in Washington D.C., where the White House was partially evacuated. Pennsylvania Avenue was closed off by the United States Secret Service. In Chicago, all of the city's most important streets and buildings were also closed and inspected.

Barack Obama, the President of the United States, addressed the nation several hours after the bombings. He said that while the people behind the bombings were still not known, the government would "get to the bottom of this.", and that those people would feel "the full weight of justice." The President addressed the nation again the next day. He later described the bombings as an act of terrorism, saying that "Any times bombs are used to target innocent civilians, it is an act of terror."

The day after the bombings, a moment of silence was held at the New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ, and the New York Mercantile Exchange. Other events across the country also held moments of silence.

During a news conference on April 18, the Federal Bureau of Investigation released video and pictures of two possible suspects to the public, asking them to help identify the suspects in the video and pictures. The FBI reported that one of the men was seen placing a backpack at the scene of the bombings minutes before they happened.

On the evening of April 18, a shooting happened on the campus of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology at 10:48 PM EDT. Multiple shots were fired. One police officer at the scene died after being shot multiple times. After killing the police officer, the suspects stole a silver Mercedes-Benz SUV in Cambridge. They forced the owner to use his ATM card to take out $800 in cash. They released him after the ATM reached its limit. The owner's cell phone was still in the car, allowing police to locate the suspects. Police exchanged gunfire with the two suspects in Watertown. One police officer was very badly hurt while exchanging gunfire with the suspects. "The Boston Globe" reported that the suspects were the same men that the FBI were looking for in the aftermath of the Marathon bombings. One of the suspects, 26-year old Tamerlan Tsarnaev, died of his injuries. The other suspect, 19-year old Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, was "still at large," according to law enforcement officials. On the morning of April 19, Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick asked the city of Boston to "shelter in place." This meant that people should stay inside and not open their doors to anyone other than police officers with proper identification cards. As a result, the entire transit system of Boston, as well as taxi service, was shut down.

Later that evening, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was taken into custody. He had hidden in a boat in the backyard of a property on 67 Franklin St. in Watertown and was spotted by a man checking on his boat. He was taken into custody alive, but very badly hurt after a standoff with police.

On April 22, Dzhokar was charged with using and planning to use a weapon of mass destruction to cause death and with destruction of property resulting in death. On May 15, 2015, a jury sentenced Dzhokhar to death by lethal injection.


Worm charming

Worm charming, worm grunting, and worm fiddling are methods of getting earthworms out from the ground. It is usually done to get bait for fishing, but it can also be a sport. Most worm charming methods involve vibrating the soil, which encourages the worms to the surface. One method involves twirling a steel pole in the ground, which moves the dirt, making the worms in the area go to the top of the ground. 

A lot of worm grunting is done in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Every year on June 21, thousands of fishermen show up for the annual worm grunting festival.
The activity is usually performed to collect bait for fishing. 

Slovak

Slovak might mean:


Yoruba religion

Yoruba religion is a traditional West African religion, mainly from Nigeria. It is the religion of the Yoruba people. It has influenced some off-shoot religious groups. It is nowadays a minority religion. A central idea behind the Yoruba religion is that natural objects, like trees, rivers, stones, and iron have a spiritual existence.

The Yoruba religion has had great influence among black people in Cuba, many of whom are Yoruba descendants. It has some usage in other Caribbean islands, and in the United States. In Cuba the religion is known locally as "regla d'ocha", (meaning 'the way of the spirits'). "Santería" is a slightly wider term referring to the merging ("syncretism") of African spirits and Catholic saints. Adherents in countries like Cuba may be received into the Catholic church and initiated into the Yoruban religion, sometimes on successive days.

Uzbek

Uzbek might mean:


Valencian

Valencian might mean:



Intracranial aneurysm

Cerebral aneurysms, also called brain aneurysms, are a cerebrovascular issue in which weakness in the walls of a cerebral artery causes localized dilation or ballooning in the blood vessel. Small, unchanging aneurysms may produce very few symptoms. However, before a larger aneurysm ruptures, individuals may experience sudden or severe headaches, nausea, vomiting and vision problems. The rupture may also directly cause serious damage directly to the brain, usually from the bleeding itself-this is a hemorrhagic stroke that can lead to and may cause arm or leg weakness or paralysis and speech troubles. Cerebral aneurysms may result due to congenital defect, high blood pressure or head trauma. Onsets are sometimes sudden and without warning, and such ruptures are extremely dangerous and usually result in bleeding into the brain itself, leading to a subarachnoid hemorrhage, which then constitutes a stroke. This condition may lead to death or permanent disability for some individuals.

James Jesus Angleton

James Jesus Angleton (December 9, 1917 – May 12, 1987) was chief of CIA counterintelligence from 1954 to 1975. His official title was Associate Deputy Director of Operations for Counterintelligence (ADDOCI). He started towards the end of World War II, and worked in Italy for the OSS (Office of Strategic Services) after the war. Returning to Washington DC, he became one of the founding members of the CIA in 1949.

The peak of his career was in detecting "moles", that is, foreign spies in American and western secret services. The 1970s Church Committee of the US Senate established that Angleton was in charge of the domestic spying activities of the CIA under 'Operation CHAOS'.

Eventually he was fired when he accused several western prime ministers of aiding the Soviet Union, and the anti-war and civil rights movements of the 1960s and 1970s as having foreign funding.



Teresa Scanlan

Teresa Michelle Scanlan (born February 6, 1993) is a beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned as Miss America 2011. Before that, she was Miss Nebraska 2010. She became the youngest Miss America since Bette Cooper in 1937. She advocates for eating conditions, including bulimia. She was originally from California, but is now from Nebraska.

Camden, New Jersey

Camden is a city in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. It is a suburb of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Camden is directly across the Delaware River from Philadelphia. The city of Camden was officially incorporated in 1828. Its population has gone up and down since the 1940s, and even more so since the 1950s.

Non-volatile random-access memory

Non-volatile random-access memory (NVRAM) is a type of computer memory. It is permanent storage similar to a hard drive. The startup configuration is stored in NVRAM. The best known form of NVRAM today is the flash drive.

2013 FA Cup Final

The 2013 FA Cup Final was the 132nd final of the FA Cup, the world's oldest football cup competition. The final took place on the 11 May 2013 at Wembley Stadium. Premier League clubs Manchester City and Wigan Athletic took part in the 2013 final, with Wigan Athletic defeating Manchester City 1–0 after an injury time goal from Ben Watson.

Museo Reina Sofía

Museo Reina Sofía is a museum in Madrid, Spain. Picasso's painting "Guernica" is there.

The Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía (MNCARS, also called the Museo Reina Sofía, Queen Sofia Museum, El Reina Sofia, or simply The Sofia) is Spain's national museum of 20th century art. The museum was officially inaugurated on September 10, 1992 and is named for Queen Sofia of Spain. It is located in Madrid, near the Atocha train and metro stations, at the southern end of the so-called Golden Triangle of Art (located along the Paseo del Prado and also comprising the Museo del Prado and the Museo Thyssen-Bornemisza).

The museum is mainly dedicated to Spanish art. Highlights of the museum include excellent collections of Spain's two greatest 20th century masters, Pablo Picasso and Salvador Dalí. The Reina Sofia Museum also hosts a free-access library specializing in art, with a collection of over 100,000 books, over 3,500 sound recordings and almost 1,000 videos.

The central building of the museum was once an 18th-century hospital. Extensive modern renovations and additions to the old building were made starting in 1980. In 1988, portions of the new museum were opened to the public, mostly in temporary configurations; that same year it was decreed by the Ministry of Culture as a national museum. Its architectural identity was radically changed in 1989 by Ian Ritchie (architect) with the addition of three glass circulation towers. A €92 million designed by French architect Jean Nouvel opened October 2005.

The building has been functioning as the Centro del Arte (Art Center) since 1986 but was established as the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía in 1988. But analyzing the building's history up until these events, it appears that the building was subjected to being tested out as different representations of what it is today.

Gentleman (PSY song)

"Gentleman" () is a song by South Korean musician, PSY. The first public performance of the song, with its associated dance, was unveiled at 6:30pm on April 13 at Seoul World Cup Stadium in Seoul.

Ensemble Studios

Ensemble Studios was a video game developer. It was founded in 1995 at first as an independent company. It was founded by Tony Goodman, Rick Goodman and John Boog-Scott. It was acquired by Microsoft in 2001 and operated as an internal studio until 2009, when it was officially disbanded. Ensemble developed many real-time strategy games, including the "Age of Empires" game series, "Age of Mythology", and "Halo Wars". In addition to game development, Ensemble Studios also made the Genie Game Engine used in "Age of Empires", "", and "".

Globe Theatre

The Globe Theatre was a theatre in London where Shakespeare's plays were held. It was built in 1599 by Shakespeare's company, the Lord Chamberlain's Men. Over the years, several theatres have held this name, all in central London.

The Globe could seat 3000 people and 1000 standing in the yard. It was destroyed by fire on 29 June 1613. A second Globe Theatre was built on the same site by June 1614. It was closed in June 1642, with other theatres, by order of the Puritan Long Parliament.
There are drawings of the outside of the theatre, but historians do not really know what the inside of the Globe looked like. They have had to use written descriptions, details from the building contracts, drawings of other theatres, and clues in the plays written to be performed in the Globe. In 1989 an archaeological dig at the site showed that the building was in the shape of a polygon, with 20 sides. They also discovered the building was 100 feet (30 m) in diameter.
A modern reconstruction of the Globe, named "Shakespeare's Globe", opened in 1997 about 750 feet (230 m) from the site of the original theatre. The rebuilding was a project started by an American actor, director and producer, Sam Wanamaker. He set up the Globe Theatre Trust, and spent years raising money and researching so that the theatre could be built. He died before the new Globe was finished.

Xbox Game Studios

Xbox Game Studios is the video game production wing for Microsoft, responsible for the development and publishing of games for the Xbox, Xbox 360, Games for Windows and Windows Phone platforms. They were established in 2002 as Microsoft Game Studios to coincide with the release of the Xbox, before being re-branded in 2011. Microsoft Studios develops and publishes games in conjunction with first and third party development studios under their publishing label.


Blame It on the Rain

"Blame It on the Rain" is a song by Milli Vanilli. It was released in summer 1989. The song was their third and last "Billboard" Hot 100 number one hit before their lip synching scandal. The club mix version of the song was on their album "All or Nothing". It hit number one in November 1989 and stayed there for two weeks.

Altrincham

Altrincham is a town in the borough of Trafford, Greater Manchester, England.

Altrincham has an ice-rink and a cinema.

Lin Biao

Lin Biao (Birth Name : Lin Yurong : Chinese : 林羽绒） (Chinese: 林彪; December 5, 1907 – September 13, 1971) was a Chinese communist military leader. Lin was a general in the First Chinese Civil War (1927-1936),the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937-1945),World War 2 (1939-1945) the Second Chinese Civil War (1945-1949),the Korean War (1950-1953),and the Cultural Revolution (1966) . He was general of the People's Liberation Army from 1927-1971 .

After the war, Lin was key in creating Mao Zedong's personality cult. He wrote the introduction to "The Little Red Book". Lin was rewarded for his service to Mao by being named Mao's successor in the Ninth Party Congress, 1966. This he remained until his death in 1971 and was considered a traitor just like Ernst Röhm during Night of the Long Knives (1934) in Nazi Germany as well as Genrikh Yagoda,Nikolai Yezhov in 1938 and 1940 and Lavrenty Beria in 1953 in the Soviet Union before and after Stalin’s death .

Lin died in September 1971 when his aeroplane crashed in Mongolia. He was attempting to flee China with his son after what appeared to be a failed military coup. After Lin Biao's death, he was branded a traitor by the Communist Party of China. He, along with Jiang Qing (Mao's forth wife) and the Shanghai Radicals are still officially blamed for the excesses of the Cultural Revolution (1966).


Ancient Greek sculpture

Ancient Greek sculpture is the sculpture of Ancient Greece. There are three major stages. Sculpture was used to show the battles, mythology, and rulers of the area known as Ancient Greece.

The Greeks began again to carve in stone as they came out of their Dark Age. They were inspired by the large stone sculptures of Mesopotamia and Egypt. Free-standing figures share the solidity and front-facing stance of their Eastern models. However, their style is more dynamic than those of Egyptian sculpture. This is clear in the "Lady of Auxerre" and the "Torso of Hera" (Early Archaic period, c. 660–580 BC. Both are in the Louvre, Paris). After about 575 BC, figures such as these, both male and female, began wearing the so-called 'archaic smile'. This may have been a device to give the figures a distinctive human appearance.

Three types of figures are common – the standing nude youth ("kouros", plural "kouroi"), the standing draped girl ("kore", plural "korai"), and the seated woman. All emphasize and generalize the essential features of the human figure and show an increasingly accurate understanding of human anatomy.

The (75 cm high) limestone Cretan sculpture called the Lady of Auxerre, at the Louvre is a Greek goddess of c. 650–625 BC. It is a "Kore" ("maiden") whose her right hand touches her solar plexus and her left is stiffly at her side (Basel 2001).

Maxime Collignon, a Louvre curator, found the sculpture in a storage vault in the Museum of Auxerre, a city east of Paris, in 1907. No-one knows how it got there, according to the Louvre monograph.

This archaic sculpture has traces of coloured paint. It dates from the 7th century BC, when Greece was emerging from its Dark Age. The Lady of Auxerre still has the narrow waist of a Minoan–Mycenaean goddess, and her stiff hair suggests Egyptian influence.

The Classical period saw better Greek sculpture. There was a big improvement in producing realistic human forms. Poses became more naturalistic, notably during the beginning of the period (see the Charioteer of Delphi for an example of the transition to more naturalistic sculpture).

From about 500 BC, Greek statues began increasingly to depict real people. The statues of Harmodius and Aristogeiton, set up in Athens mark the overthrow of the aristocratic tyranny, are said to be the first public monuments to show actual individuals.

Also, we begin to see references to the sculptors themselves in writings of the period. Examples include Phidias, known to have overseen the design and building of the Parthenon, and Praxiteles, whose nude female nude sculptures were the first to be considered artistically respectable.

The Classical period also saw an increase in the use of statues and sculptures as decorations of buildings. The temples of the Classical era included the Parthenon in Athens, and the Temple of Zeus at Olympia. They had relief sculpture for decorative friezes, and sculpture in the round to fill the triangular fields of the pediments. Most of these works survive only in fragments, for example the Parthenon Marbles, roughly half of which are in the British Museum.

The Hellenistic period is from 323 BC to 146 BC. A number of the best-known works of Greek sculpture belong to this period, including Laocoön and his Sons, Venus de Milo, and the Winged Victory of Samothrace.

All these statues show classical themes, but their treatment is far more sensuous and emotional than the Classical period would have allowed. Hellenistic sculpture was also marked by an increase in size, which culminated in the Colossus of Rhodes (late 3rd century), thought to have been roughly the same size as the Statue of Liberty. The combined effect of earthquakes and looting have destroyed this.

Almost all forms of Greek and Roman art were coloured in the original. Most Greek sculptures were painted in strong and bright colours. The clothing and hair were painted, with the skin left in the natural colour of the stone. Some sculptures were entirely painted. The polychromy of stone statues was paralleled by the use of different materials to distinguish skin, clothing and other details, and by the use of different metals for lips, fingernails, etc. on high-quality bronzes like the Riace bronzes.

Slot machine

A slot machine (American English), called also fruit machine (British English), the slots (Canadian English), poker machine or "pokies" (slang) (Australian English and New Zealand English) or simply slot (American English), is a casino gambling machine with set of numbers or pictures that after putting money in it and pressing button will randomly spin. The game is popular in casinos as it is easy and hassle free way to gamble money. Display of a slot machine have a reels, which have symbols and when player go to play, build in random number generator generates result in different symbols. If same numbers or pictures line up the player will win their bet or multiplier of it.

Slot machines include a currency detector that detects if coins and notes are real ones and what values they have. The machine pays the winning or issue a coupon that will entitle to collecting reward in cash or prizes.
In some countries where money gambling in casinos is illegal the slot machines can issue free prizes, coupons or vouchers. Slot machines are the most popular gambling method in casinos and make up about 70 percent of the US casino's income.

The first slot machine was invented by Charles Fey of San Francisco, California, U.S in 1894. The following year Fey built the 4-11-44 in his basement; it proved so successful at a local saloon that he soon quit his job and opened a factory to produce more units. In 1898 Fey built the Card Bell, the first three-reel slot machine with automatic cash payouts. The Card Bell had a handle that set the reels in motion when it was pushed down and playing card suitmarks that lined up to form poker hands. His next slot machine, the Liberty Bell, was built in 1899 and used horseshoes and bells as well as playing card suitmarks on the reels. Three bells lined up in a row meant the top payout. Chiefly because of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, only 4 of more than 100 Liberty Bell machines built by Fey survive. The Liberty Bell proved immensely popular among saloon patrons in San Francisco and was quickly copied by Fey’s competitors, such as the Mills Novelty Company of Chicago.


Freemium

Freemium is a business model, and a marketing term, used for digital products. It means that the base features of a product can be used without payment, but that more advanced features require payment. 

This business model has been used in the software industry since the 1980s. A subset of this model used by the video game industry is called free-to-play. 

Stamford

Stamford might mean:


Donald A. Glaser

Donald Arthur Glaser (September 21, 1926 – February 28, 2013) was an American physicist and neurobiologist of Jewish descent. He won the 1960 Nobel Prize in Physics for his invention of the bubble chamber used in subatomic particle physics.

Glaser was born on September 21, 1926 in Cleveland, Ohio. He studied at Case Western University and at the California Institute of Technology. Glaser was married to Ruth Bonnie Thompson from 1960 until they divorced in c. 1970. Then he was married to Lynn Bercovitz from 1975 until his death in 2013. Glaser died on February 28, 2013 in his home in Berkeley, California from natural causes, aged 86.


Otfried Preußler

Otfried Preußler or Otfried Preussler (October 20, 1923 – February 18, 2013) was a German children's book author. He wrote over 100 books. Some of them are "The Robber Hotzenplotz" and "The Satanic Mill" (Krabat). His books sold 50 million copies. They have been translated into over 55 languages.

Preußler was born on October 20, 1923 in Liberec, Czechoslovakia to German parents. He was married to Annelies Kind from 1949 until his death in 2013. He won the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis in 1972 for Krabat. Preußler died on February 18, 2013 in Bavaria, Germany from natural causes, aged 89.


The City of God

The City of God is a work of Christian theology. It was written by Augustine of Hippo in Latin in the early 5th century.

The work's full title is On the city of God against the pagans (Latin: "Dē cīvitāte Deī contrā pāgānōs"). It is made up of 22 books. Augustine began to write it in 412 or 413. He finished it sometime between 422 and 429. 


Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble

Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble is an action puzzle video game for the Game Boy Color game console. It was developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo. It was released in Japan on August 23, 2000, and in North America on April 11, 2001. It is a spin-off game in the "Kirby" series of video games.

The player controls Kirby by moving the game console. The game comes with a built-in accelerometer to allow the player to do so. The object of the game is to guide Kirby to a level's goal within the time limit. To do so, the player tilts the console in the direction they wish to move Kirby. 

Kirby can jump if the player moves the console vertically in a jerking motion (moving the console forward quickly). The game involves the collection of stars that are in the level. Levels also have one secret star. The player has to collect all of the secret stars to fully complete the game.

Ureter

The ureter is the tube in the human body that takes urine from the kidney to the bladder.

The ureter are the tube that convey urine from the kidney to the urinary bladder they are about 25 to 30 centimetre long with the diameter of about 3 mm the numerator is continuous with the funnel shaped renal pelvis it passes downward through the abdominal cavity
Credit history

Credit history or credit report is, in many countries, an information about past borrowing and repaying, including information about late payments and bankruptcy. The term "credit reputation" can be also used to describe "credit history" or "credit score".

In many countries, when a customer apply for credit from a bank, store or credit card company, their information is checked with credit monitoring organization. Such an organization will check if potential lender have history of some unpaid loans or other problems.

Rachel Robinson

Rachel Robinson (born Rachel Annetta Isum July 19, 1922) is a former nurse, educator, activist, and the widow of baseball player Jackie Robinson. 

Robinson was born in Los Angeles, California on July 19, 1922. Robinson was played by Nicole Beharie in the movie "42".

She studied at the University of California, Los Angeles. While she was at the University, she met Jackie in 1941. They married in 1946. Their son, Jackie Robinson, Jr., was born in November 1946. They later had a daughter, Sharon, and another son, David. Jackie Robinson died in 1972.

She currently resides on a farm in Salem, Connecticut.


Gauge

A gauge is a display of some kind that shows a measurement. Common types of gauges are dials and scales.

Examples are rain gauges, speedometers and pressure gauges.

Fundamental

Fundamental may refer to:

Speedometer

A speedometer is a type of gauge that shows the speed a vehicle is moving. It usually shows the speed in miles per hour (mph) for countries that use the statute mile for distances or Kilometres per hour (kph) for countries that use the metric system. Originally, a speedometer was an option that car owners could buy to put on their car. Beginning about 1910 it was built into all cars.

The electric speedometer was invented by the Croatian Josip Belušić in 1888, and was originally called a velocimeter. Charles Babbage is credited with creating an early type of a speedometer. These were usually fitted to locomotives.

A speedometer was patented by a German, Otto Schulze on October 7, 1902, it uses a rotating flexible cable usually driven by gearing linked to the output of the vehicle's transmission. The early Volkswagen Beetle and many motorcycles, however, use a cable driven from a front wheel.

Most speedometers have tolerances of some ±10%, mainly due to variations in tire diameter. Sources of error due to tire diameter variations are wear, temperature, pressure, vehicle load, and nominal tire size. Vehicle manufacturers usually calibrate speedometers to show the vehicle is going faster.

When a tire has less air pressure than it should, it is underinflated. Underinflation causes excessive heat and reduces the diameter of the tires. This causes it to rotate faster than the speedometer shows it is. Tires underinflated by only 10 psi can mean a car or truck reading 70 mph on the speedometer is actually traveling at 72 mph.

<br>

AFL–NFL merger

The AFL–NFL merger of 1970 was the merger of the two major professional American football leagues in the United States at the time: the "National Football League" (NFL) and the "American Football League" (AFL). The merger combined the two leagues and retained the "National Football League" name and logo, to become one of the most popular sports leagues in the United States.

Major professional sports leagues of the United States and Canada

The major professional sports leagues, or simply major leagues, in Canada and United States are the highest professional competitions of team sports in the two countries. Although individual sports such as golf, tennis, auto racing, and gymnastics are also very popular, the term is usually limited to team sports.

The term "major league" was first used in 1921 in reference to Major League Baseball (MLB), the top level of professional American baseball. Today, the major northern North America professional team sports leagues are Major League Baseball (MLB), the National Basketball Association (NBA), the National Football League (NFL), and the National Hockey League (NHL). Other notable leagues include Major League Soccer (MLS), the Canadian Football League (CFL), the Arena Football League, Major League Lacrosse, the National Lacrosse League, Professional Lacrosse League and the Women's National Basketball Association.

All Through the Night

"All Through the Night" is a song by American singer Cyndi Lauper. It is off her first album, "She's So Unusual". It is a synthpop song written by Jules Shear and produced by Rick Chertoff. This was the only single by Lauper released worldwide which did not have a music video. It peaked at #5 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It became her fourth top-five song in the United States.

The song received mostly positive reviews from critics. It was released in September 1984 in the United States.

Jon Santacana Maiztegui

Jon Santacana Maiztegui (born 1 November 1980) is a Spanish skier who has problems seeing. He skis with help from Miguel Galindo Garces who helps him with directions. Santacana has played in the IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships, in the European Cup and the IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup, and Spanish national competitions. He represented Spain at the 2002 Winter Paralympics, 2006 Winter Paralympics and 2010 Winter Paralympics, making, getting a gold and a two silvers at the 2010 Paralympics.

He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the second skier to finish in the visually impaired men's downhill race. He was the first skier to finish in the men's visually impaired Super-G race. He was the first skier to finish in the men's visually impaired Super Combined race and in the Giant Slalom race. He was the second skier to finish in the slalom race. Because he cannot see, Miguel Galindo Garces was his guide and told him where to when going down the mountain.

Diving bell

A diving bell was an early system for underwater diving. The basic idea of a bell is that a hollow object, even with an open bottom, will hold air when put under water (this can be seen with a glass in a sink). If the bell is heavy enough it will sink below the water. A swimmer can be inside the bell and breathe, or hold his breath and swim outside the bell for a short time, and come back to the bell to breath again. The idea had been around for a long time, but became useful in the 1600s. Scuba diving has mostly replaced diving bells although they are still used sometimes.

Anne T. Hill

Anne T. Hill (November 24, 1916 – March 8, 1999) was an American fashion designer and yoga teacher.

Hill was born on November 24, 1916 in Atlanta, Georgia. She studied at Commercial High School and at the University of Georgia. Hill was married to Harry Leher. Then she was married to Roy W. Hill from 1971 until his death in 1986. Then she was married to Edgar L. McCoubrey from 1990 until her death in 1999. Hill died on March 8, 1999 in her home in Rancho Mirage, California from heart failure, aged 82.

Spanish Paralympic Committee

Spanish Paralympic Committee (, CPE) is a Spanish non-profit sport organisation started in 1995. It oversees disability sport organisations in Spain. The organisation has a Secretary General and a President. Since 2005, they have been supported by Plan ADO. In 2000, the CPE had a scandal.

Parks Australia

Parks Australia is an agency that manages national parks and conservation areas in Australia. The parks are governed by the Director of National Parks, which is a division of the federal government's Department of Sustainability, Environment, Water, Populations and Communities. Parks Australia looks after parks in the federal territories; those in the six states are managed by their own state-government agencies. Parks Australia provides some support to each state in managing their parklands. It also supports indigenous landholders to establish Indigenous Protected Areas.

Parks Australia manages six national parks and two botanical gardens:
Booderee, Kakadu and Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa are managed jointly with their traditional owners.


Michael D. Higgins

Michael Daniel Higgins (born 18 April 1941) is the ninth and current President of Ireland. He took office on 11 November 2011. Higgins is an Irish politician, poet, sociologist, author and broadcaster. 

Higgins was a Teachta Dála (TD) and represented the Galway West constituency. He also was the Minister for Arts, Culture and Gaeltacht from 1993 to 1997. Higgins was the President of the Labour Party from 2003 until his election to the presidency in 2011.

Higgins is known because he was the first president to make a state visit to the United Kingdom.

Higgins was born on the 18 April 1941. His father's name was John and he was from Ballycar, County Clare. His father was a member of the militant group, the Irish Republican Army. His fathers rank was a 2nd Lieutenant. He served alongside his brother Peter and Michael.

In the 1970s and some of the 1980s, Michael was involved in University and College positions, but later moved to politics in 1987.

On 11 November 2011, Michael D. Higgins became the 9th President of Ireland, after Mary McAleese. It was the first time the President of Ireland has been a male since Patrick Hillery left in 1990.

Higgins studied at University College, Galway, at Indiana University, Bloomington, and at the University of Manchester. Higgins has been married to Sabina Coyne since 1974. They have four children.



José Abal

José Manuel Abal Lores (born 15 July 1961) is a disability sport athlete from Spain. He is a T53/F53 type track and field athlete. He ran in the pentathlon events and he ran the marathon. He was at the 1992 Summer Paralympics and 1996 Summer Paralympics. He won a silver medal in 1992 in the pentathlon. He lost to Vojtech Vasicek from Czechoslovakia. He did not win any other medals in 1992 or 1996.

Nicolás Maduro

Nicolás Maduro Moros (; born 13 November 1962) is a Venezuelan politician who has been the 46th President of Venezuela since 2013. He previously was the 20th Vice President of Venezuela and the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Maduro became the acting president following the death of Hugo Chávez.

On 14 April 2013, Maduro was elected President of Venezuela, narrowly defeating Henrique Capriles, with 1.5% of the vote separating the two candidates. Capriles demanded a recount, refusing to recognize the outcome as valid. However, the result was valid and Maduro was sworn in as president a day later on 15 April 2013.

Maduro was born on 13 November 1962 in Caracas, Venezuela. Maduro was raised as a Roman Catholic, and his paternal family ancestry is of Sephardic Jewish origin. He is married to Cilia Flores. Before Maduro became a politician, he was a bus driver in Caracas.

In 2013, Maduro denied rumors of homophobia. He stated that if he were gay he would "shout it to the four winds". He said that "I would have no problem loving whoever I had to love with my heart". He also stated that the Chávez government had supported LGBT rights starting from 14 years ago, promoting inclusion and non-discrimination.

In March 2016, Maduro endorsed United States senator Bernie Sanders for President of the United States.

In January 2017 Maduro endorsed the murder of Venezuelan dissident Óscar Pérez in what has been named as the "Raid in El Junquito". The international media and some politicians & citizens all over the world defined what has happened in El Junquito as a massacre. They harshly criticized about Maduro & his government.

Despite calls to resign as president when his first term ended on 10 January 2019, Maduro inaugurated himself. This caused many people to be angry across the world and caused the National Assembly to call for a State of emergency. Many countries removed their embassies from Venezuela. Many believe that his election was illegitimate, they claimed that by retaking power, Maduro was making Venezuela into an illegal "de facto" dictatorship.

In 2022, Maduro has told CGTN that despite the crisis in the country, the economy has grown and will expect to grow more in the coming years. He also said that the crisis is going down.

In 2023, Maduro has announced that he'll be running for a third term in the 2024 Venezuelan presidential election.


Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa Aboriginal Land Trust

Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa Aboriginal Land Trust is the land trust that holds the freehold title to the land of Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa National Park (referred to as Northern Territory Portion 1728). The trust is the legal landowner and holds the title on behalf of the people who are recognised as the land's traditional owners. It was created on 26 October 1985.

The land was originally claimed as part of the Katiti Land Claim in 1979. It was sumbitted by the Central Land Council on the behalf of several hundred people, most of whom lived at Muṯitjulu. The claim was judged in 1980, and Commissioner Justice John Toohey formally recognised 104 traditional owners for Uluṟu and 57 for Kata Tjuṯa. He granted them freehold title to the land now held by the Katiti Aboriginal Land Trust. They were not granted the title to Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa because it was already being used as a national park.

There was then a long legal case over the freehold title (actual ownership) of the park lands. The case continued until November 1983, when Prime Minister Bob Hawke acknowledged that the traditional owners had the rights to Uluṟu. In 1985, the Territory passed two amendments: one for the Aboriginal Land Rights Act and one for the National Parks and Wildlife Conservation Act. The freehold title to the land in the park was passed to the Uluṟu–Kata Tjuṯa Aboriginal Land Trust on 26 October 1985. As part of the agreement, the land was immediately leased back to the Director of National Parks for a period of 99 years. The title is inalienable, which means that it can not be sold, traded or given away; it is inherited continuously by the community's descendants.


Palisades Sill

The Palisades Sill is a Triassic intrusion, formed 200 million years ago. It runs through parts of New York and New Jersey. It is noteworthy for The Palisades, cliffs which rise steeply above the western bank of the Hudson River. The visibility of the sill,and its unique features, have got much attention from nature enthusiasts, rock climbers, and geologists.

The outcrop of the Palisades Sill is quite recognizable for its prominent cliffs above the Hudson River; it is easily seen from the western portions of Manhattan. The exposure is approximately long, most of it following the Hudson River. It first emerges in Staten Island in New York City. The sill then crosses the state line into New Jersey, where Hoboken, Jersey City, Union City, Fort Lee, and Englewood Cliffs all lie on it.

The end of the Triassic saw large-scale rifting during the break-up of Pangaea. What is now eastern North America began to separate from what is now north-western Africa, creating the young Atlantic Ocean. Magma came from decompression melting, and some was pushed into the pre-existing sandstones and arkoses. The magma solidified and, after millions of years, the overlying rocks got uplifted and eroded, exposing the Palisades Sill as we see it.

There is an average stratigraphic thickness of 300 meters (~1000 feet), with the famous cliffs rising 100 meters (300 ft) on average above sea level. The intrusion dips between 10 and 15 degrees westward for most of its length. The sill was intruded at a depth of about 3-5 kilometers. These studies also concluded that the sill was in a position nearly identical to its current one (10-to-15-degree dip); this is further confirmed by the still-vertical orientation of the columnar jointing.

The Watchung basalt flows of the Watchung Mountains are eruptions onto the surface of the same magma that created the Palisades Sill.

Moccasin

A moccasin is a shoe made of deerskin or any other soft leather. It has a sole and sides made out of a single piece of leather. It is stitched together toward the top, sometimes with vamps (which are additional panels of leather). The soles are usually soft and flexible. Moccasins are usually worn outside. The shoes protect the foot while allowing whomever wears them to feel the ground.

Mannanana Range

The Mannanana Range () is a mountain range in the southwest of the Northern Territory, Australia. It is a section of the Petermann Ranges. It roughly consists of a single ridge about long. It extends northwest towards Kaltukatjara from Tjunti, where it is split from the Curdie Range by the Hull River. The Hull winds around the range from the south and then runs along its northeastern side.

The name "Mannanana" was first recorded on maps by Herbert Basedow. It comes from "", which is actually the Pitjantjatjara name for the range immediately to the west. This western range takes its name from (meaning "woman's buttocks"), which is a formation overlooking Kaltukatjara and the Docker River on the range's western end. The name for the Mannanana Range in Pitjantjatjara is , after the Tjunti soakage at its eastern end.


Court shoe

Court shoes, also called pumps, are shoes with a low cut front and usually without a fastening. They can be made under any material, although patent leather is the most popular. The shoes are often worn with formal and informal dresses.

Scalar boson

Scalar is a concept meaning relating to a directionless magnitude (such as mass or speed) that is completely specified by its magnitude. Bosons which are quantums of any scalar unit are scalar bosons.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 13

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 13 is the thirteenth cycle of ANTM. The season included originally 15 contestants. The winner was 18-year old Nicole Fox.



1.
"casting episode"

2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 12

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 12 is the twelfth cycle of America's Next Top Model. 13 girls participated. The winner was 20-year old Teyona Anderson.



1.
"casting episode"

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.
"recap episode"

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

Students for a Free Tibet

Students For a Free Tibet (SFT) is an American non-profit international group of students and activists working with the Tibetan people for human rights and freedom. It was started in 1994. The group educates people and uses non-violent methods of action for making Tibet independent. SFT tries to influence public policy decisions within government institutions. It recommends self-determination for Tibet because of Tibet's historical status. It opposes the Chinese government's violation of the Tibetan people's human rights, cultural heritage, environment, language and religion.


America's Next Top Model, Cycle 18

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 18 "British Invasion" is the eighteenth cycle of ANTM. This cycle includes British models from "Britain's Next Top Model" (BNTM) who didn't win. The winner was 22-year old Sophie Sumner from Oxford, England. The cycle had a total of 14 contestants, 7 seven American and 7 British.


British Original Rank ANTM Rank

American

1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.

Sansha

Sansha (三沙) is a city of the People's Republic of China (PRC) in Hainan Province. The city government's main building was built on Woody Island in the South China Sea.

In 2012, the city was established to administer several uninhabited island groups and undersea atolls in the South China Sea, including the Spratly and Paracel Islands as well as the Macclesfield Bank. 

The area of city includes disputed territory not controlled by China. 

The city plans to develop virtual economic activity. In early 2013, there were 11 companies that have registered in Sansha. They are paying tax in Sansha.







The first mayor of the city was elected by a People’s Congress with 45 delegates. 

The city has a court of justice and a clinic. A kindergarten and a school are being planned.



Quantum teleportation

Quantum teleportation is a way of transferring the quantum state of one quantum system to another using the quantum entanglement between two other systems.

For example, let's assume Alice and Bob share an entangled pair of particles A and B, and Alice wants to teleport the information of another "message" particle M to Bob. 

What Alice does is interact her half of the entangled pair, A, she shares with Bob, so that now the message particle M is entangled with Alice's other particle A.

Next Alice measures both of her particles A and M and tells what the outcomes of these measurements are to Bob. Because the message particle M was entangled with Alice's other particle A, and Bob has the information of Alice's measurements, he can use this information to recreate the original message particle M out of the one he has B. 

What makes quantum teleportation special is that we didn't need to physically move the message particle M from Alice to Bob.

Paracel Islands

Paracel Islands is the name for a number of uninhabited atolls and reefs in the South China Sea. They are about from Hainan and about from Vietnam. Currently they are under the control of the People's Republic of China, but Taiwan and Vietnam also claim them. The islands are uninhabited. 

The islands are located in the South China Sea consisting of over 30 islets, sandbanks and reefs with about of the ocean surface. The archipelago is approximately equidistant from the coastlines of Vietnam and China, southeast of Hainan Island, and about one-third of the way from central Vietnam to the northern Philippines. Turtles live on the islands, and seabirds have left nests and guano deposits, but there are no permanent human residents except military personnel and fishermen. 

The islands are divided into two main groups. The Amphitrite group is in the northeast and the Crescent group is in the southwest, and they are located about from one another. Subject to hot and humid climate, with abundant rainfall and frequent typhoons, the archipelago is surrounded by productive fishing grounds and potential oil and gas reserves.


Pitbull

Pitbull might mean:


Beach Erosion Board

The Beach Erosion Board (BEB) was a federal board organized under the US Government's War Department (later, the Department of Defense), U.S. Army, and was a part of the civil works program of the United States Army Corps of Engineers. The Board had seven members and a staff. The life of the BEB spanned a period of 33 years, beginning with its establishment in July 1930. The BEB was abolished in November of 1963.

The job of the BEB was to review reports of investigations made concerning erosion of the shores of coastal and lake waters, and the protection of those shores. Under Section 2 of Public Law 520, 7lst Congress, approved on July 3, 1930, the Chief of Engineers, U.S. Army, was given authority to make, in cooperation with the appropriate agencies of the various coastal States, investigations and studies aimed at devising effective means of presenting erosion of the shores of coastal and lake waters by waves and currents. The funding provision for these investigations and studies was that no money should be expended under authority of the Act in any State which did not provide for cooperation with the agencies of the United States and contribute to the project such funds and/or services as the Secretary of War deemed appropriate and required.

In 1963, certain of the BEB’s functions were transferred to the newly created Coastal Engineering Research Center, while others were transferred to the Board of Engineers for Rivers and Harbors. 


Izu Islands

The Izu islands are a group of small Japanese islands south of Tokyo. Nine of them have people living there. The largest is Oshima.


Mario &amp; Luigi: Dream Team

Mario & Luigi: Dream Team (also known as Mario & Luigi: Dream Team Bros. in Europe and as Mario & Luigi RPG 4: Dream Adventure in Japan) is a roleplaying video game for the Nintendo 3DS game console. It was revealed during the Nintendo Direct presentation by Nintendo on February 14, 2013. It is the fourth game in the "Mario & Luigi" series of games. It was released in Europe on July 12, 2013, in Japan on July 18, 2013, and in North America on August 11, 2013.

The game features similar gameplay to past "Mario & Luigi" games. Mario and Luigi explore the game's world and fight in turn-based battles. The game will involve a setting of Luigi's dreams, where Luigi falls asleep at certain points in the story and opens a portal leading to his dreams. Mario will be able to go through the portal to explore Luigi's dreams. In the dream world, the player will be able to use the console's touch screen to cause events to happen.

Substantia nigra

The substantia nigra is a part of the brain. This is the part of the midbrain that produces dopamine involved in movement. It is involved in the pathogenesis of Parkinson's Disease.

Dissection (band)

Dissection was a Swedish black and death metal band from Strömstad, Sweden. 

Dissection was formed in autumn 1989 by lead singer Jon Nödtveidt and bassist Peter Palmdahl. The band recorded and released a demo tape titled "The Grief Prophecy" in December 1990. The band released their debut album "The Somberlain" in 1993. Their second studio album "Storm of the Light's Bane" was released on November 17, 1995. 

Their final studio album "Reinkaos" was released on April 30, 2006 in Europe and on May 16, 2006 in North America. The band a final European concert and broke up on 24 June 2006. On 13 August 2006, lead singer Jon Nödtveidt committed suicide by an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound inside a circle of lit candles. 





Mike Eastwood

Michael Barry Eastwood (born July 1, 1967 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre that played 13 seasons in National Hockey League (NHL).

He played college hockey at Western Michigan University. Eastwood was drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs with the 91st overall pick in the 1987 NHL Draft.

Eastwood played in the NHL for seven teams, Toronto Maple Leafs from 1991 to 1995, Winnipeg Jets from 1994 to 1996, Phoenix Coyotes during the 1996–97 NHL season, New York Rangers from 1996 to 1998, St. Louis Blues from 1997 to 2003, Chicago Blackhawks during the 2002–03 NHL season and the Pittsburgh Penguins during the 2003-04 NHL season. He retired in 2004 and currently co-hosts the Ottawa Senators post-game show with Scott MacArthur.

Jack Dyte

John Leonard Douglas Haig Dyte (October 13, 1918 - April 9, 1974) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman that played 27 games in National Hockey League with the Chicago Black Hawks.

He played with the Baltimore Orioles of the Eastern Hockey League for 2 seasons as well as the Jonestown Bluebirds for 1 season. He played for the Montreal Royals of the Quebec Senior Hockey League for 1 season. He played in the AHL with Providence-Buffalo for 1 season, the Buffalo Bisons for 2 seasons and the St. Louis Flyers for 1 season. He played in the CBSHL with the Northside Victorias for 1 season and then retired from playing professional hockey. He died on April 9, 1974.

West Fertilizer Plant explosion

The West Fertilizer Plant explosion was an explosion in West, Texas, near Waco, United States. It happened just before 7:50 pm CDT. There was a lot of damage to buildings, including houses. Fourteen people were killed and over 160 injured. The cause of this blast was ammonium nitrate. However, the cause of the fire that took place before the explosion is currently unknown.

Mädchen Amick

Mädchen Amick (born December 12, 1970) is an American actress. She began acting in television programs. She starred as Shelly Johnson on the television series "Twin Peaks" and its 1992 prequel movie "Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me". She was born east of Reno, Nevada and raised in Sparks, Nevada. Amick's parents are German.

Geoffrey

Geoffrey [ jef-ree ] is an English male given name. It is often spelled Jeffrey and abbreviated as "Geoff", "Jeff" or "Geof". Geoffrey is a moniker that boasts a lengthy existence spanning centuries and a fascinating past. Its etymology can be traced back to the Germanic name Godfrey, which translates to "God's peace." During the Norman era, the name gained significant popularity and was subsequently introduced to England following the Norman Conquest of 1066. It was very prominent in the early 1990s in England and America.


Sub-Roman Britain

Sub-Roman Britain is the name given to Britain after the Roman legions left. It usually means the time between 410 AD and the beginning of the seventh century.

After four centuries of controlling Britain, the Romans left Roman Britain at the beginning of the fifth century. However Roman culture and probably a kind of Latin language survived for another two centuries with the Anglo-Saxons slowly settling from northern Germany and the Jutland peninsula.

Initially, Subroman Britain successfully fought the invasion, thanks to a mythical king called King Arthur. Probably he was Ambrosius Aurelianus, a powerful Romano-British leader around mid-5th century. He was renowned for his campaigns against the Saxons, and there is some speculation that he (or his son, according to the historian Gildas) may have commanded the Romano-British forces at the Battle of Badon Hill, where the barbarians were defeated around 500 AD.

The Anglo-Saxons obtained control of eastern England at the end of the 5th century. In the mid-6th century they started expanding again into the English Midlands. Then in the 7th century they expanded again into the south-west and the north of England. The unconquered parts of southern Britain, notably Wales and surrounding areas of western Britain, retained their Romano-British culture, in particular Christianity.

The Anglo-Saxons gained control of eastern England at the end of the 5th century. In the mid-6th century they started moving again into the English Midlands. Then in the 7th century they moved again into the south-west and the north of England. The parts of southern Britain they hadn't invaded yet, notably Wales and surrounding areas of western Britain, kept their Romano-British culture, in particular Christianity.

Some Anglo-Saxon histories (in context) call the Romano-British people "Welsh", which is an Old English word meaning 'foreigner'. Historically, Wales and the south-western peninsula were known respectively as North Wales and West Wales.

Recent discoveries have helped document the continuing urban occupation of some Romano-British towns near Watling Street such as "Viriconium" (Wroxeter) and "Venta" (Caerwent), in those two centuries.

One of the last Sub-Roman cities to be conquered by the Anglo-Saxons was "Deva Victrix" (Chester), where Roman "amphoras" were used until 616 AD. The Romano-British may have survived partly because of the Chester city walls; the city had been defended by walls since the Deva Victrix fort was built on the site in 79 AD.

However, there were romanized Britons -retaining their "insular latin"- until the late seventh century, as demonstrated by archaeological discoveries in Tintagel and other localities.



Dreaming

Dreaming, Dreamin' or similar may refer to:


Rufous hare-wallaby

The rufous hare-wallaby ("Lagorchestes hirsutus") is a small wallaby found in Australia. It is also known by its Western Desert name mala. It used to be found widely across the western half of Australia, but is now only found in Bernier and Dorre Islands in Shark Bay. It is currently classified as a vulnerable species.

The rufous hare-wallaby is a nocturnal herbivore that eats herbs, leaves and seeds. It is usually solitary, meaning that it lives alone. The species was first described by John Gould in "The Mammals of Australia" (1844). It is currently being reintroduced to mainland Australia, to the Tanami Desert in the Northern Territory. Four distinct groups of this species have been described as subspecies:

The mala is a common totem in Western Desert Aboriginal Dreamings.


ITT Inc.

ITT Corporation is a global manufacturing company in the United States, in aerospace, transportation, energy and industrial markets. They are in global markets including water and fluids management. ITT originally stood for International Telephone and Telegraph; it was founded in 1920. It was originally combined from other telephone companies. Today's ITT Corporation was founded in 2006.
They work in three areas:

George Gamow

George Gamow (August 19, 1968), born Georgiy Antonovich Gamov (), was a theoretical physicist and cosmologist. He discovered a theoretical explanation of alpha decay through quantum tunneling. Gamow was born in Odessa in the Russian Empire. He studied atomic physics and a few other kinds of physics. He ran away from the Soviet Union in 1933. He went to the United States and taught at the University of Washington. He wrote books in German, French and Russian, and later in English. Some of his books were for fellow scientists and some explained science to laymen. His most famous book was "One Two Three... Infinity."


Hasty generalization

Hasty generalization is an informal fallacy of generalisation by making decisions based on too little evidence or without recognizing all of the variables. In statistics, it may mean basing broad conclusions of a survey from a small sample group.

A hasty generalization made from a single example is sometimes called the "fallacy of the lonely fact" or the "proof by example fallacy".

When evidence is intentionally excluded to bias the result, it is sometimes termed the "fallacy of exclusion".

Hasty generalization may follow this pattern



Kelly Hills

The Kelly Hills () are a mountain range at the southern end of the Northern Territory of Australia. It is located directly north of the Musgrave Ranges, and about northeast of Amaṯa. Its highest point is about above sea level. Mount Robert, at the eastern end of the range, is about 796 metres above sea level. The area is known as Aputjilpinya in the native Yankunytjatjara language. It forms part of an important Mala Dreaming track that runs between Uluṟu and Ulkiya.

There are a few soakages located within the hills. One of them, Puntitjara, was recorded by several early White explorers travelling through the Kelly Hills. The South Australian government's North-West Prospecting Expedition, led by Lawrence Wells, was brought there by an Aboriginal guide in 1903. One of the expedition's prospectors, Herbert Basedow, recorded the name as "Punndijarrinna" and reported that it was a good source of water. Basedow returned to Puntitjara in June 1926 on another expedition, this one led by Donald Mackay. According to Mackay, they found it dry and covered with a layer of sand. The anthropologist Ted Strehlow visited Puntitjara in August 1936, but founded it covered by mud.

Pikmin 3

Pikmin 3 is a real-time strategy video game that was released by Nintendo for the Wii U game console. It is the sequel to "Pikmin 2", a prequel to "Pikmin 4", and the third game in the "Pikmin" series. It was released in Japan on July 13, 2013, in Europe on July 26, 2013, and in North America on August 4, 2013.

"Pikmin 3" has the same gameplay as the last 2 "Pikmin" games. Players control 100 plant-like creatures called Pikmin. The player uses them to pick up objects, reach areas, and fight enemies. There are three characters that players can play as. In addition to the five types of Pikmin from "Pikmin 2" (Red Pikmin, Yellow Pikmin, Blue Pikmin, Purple Pikmin, and White Pikmin), there are two new types of Pikmin. The Rock Pikmin can destroy tough barriers, while the Winged Pikmin can attack flying enemies and carry items in the air.

The player is able to control the game with the Wii U GamePad or the Wii Remote and Nunchuk combination. The Wii U GamePad gives the player a map of the game environment, which is visible on its touch screen.

Pikmin 3 Deluxe is a remaster of the game for the Nintendo Switch. It released on October 30, 2020.

In the year 20XX, the people of Koppai are suffering from famine as a result of a "booming population, booming appetites, and a basic lack of planning". Having searched planets for resources, one returns positive. It has food, so three captains are sent to explore the planet and retrieve food: Alph, Brittany, and Charlie. However, upon landing, their ship crashes, separating the three. Charlie falls to the Distant Tundra and meets the Yellow Pikmin, but is eaten. Alph wakes up in the Tropical Wilds and meets the Red Pikmin, who help recover their ship. Alph learns that the "cosmic drive key", which is required to go back to Koppai, has disappeared. 

Alph finds Brittany in the Garden of Hope and rescues her with help from the Rock Pikmin, and they rescue Charlie and Brittany discovers the Yellow Pikmin. They recover some of Captain Olimar's files, and find out that he has the key, having thought it was treasure. Later, they mistakenly rescue Louie from the Twilight River after receiving his SOS message meant for Olimar. He steals their food and Charlie's rubber duck, and escapes to him and Olimar's crashed spaceship in the Garden of Hope. They retrieve and interrogate him, and he tells them Olimar is at the Formidable Oak. There, the captains and the Pikmin defeat the Plasm Wraith to save Olimar, and he returns the cosmic drive key to them. The three use the key for the ship, offering Olimar and Louie a ride back to Hocotate, and they return home as the Pikmin wave goodbye. 

Tivoli Gardens

Tivoli Gardens (or Tivoli) is an amusement park in Copenhagen, Denmark. It opened on 15 August 1843 and it was founded by Georg Carstensen. It is the second oldest amusement park in the world. The oldest is Dyrehavsbakken in Klampenborg, Denmark. Tivoli's original Chinese decorations inspired Hans Christian Andersen's "The Nightingale".

Jenny Lind

Jenny Lind (Johanna Maria Lind, Stockholm, 6 October 1820 – Wynd's Point, Herefordshire, 2 November 1887) was a Swedish opera singer. She was nicknamed the "Swedish Nightingale". She was in great demand in opera roles throughout Sweden and northern Europe during the 1840s, and became the protégée of Felix Mendelssohn. After two acclaimed seasons in London, she announced her retirement from opera at the age of 29.

In 1850, Lind went to America at the invitation of the showman P. T. Barnum. She gave 93 concerts for him and then continued to tour under her own management. She donated her proceeds to charities, mainly the endowment of free schools in Sweden. With her husband, Otto Goldschmidt, she returned to Europe in 1852. They had three children. She gave occasional concerts over the next two decades, settling in England in 1855. From 1882, for some years, she was a professor of singing at the Royal College of Music in London. She was the inspiration for Hans Christian Andersen's "The Nightingale". Lind died on 2 November 1887 in Herefordshire, England, of cancer. She is buried in the Great Malvern Cemetery.

Compound (linguistics)

Compound words are words that add together to make a new word, like the word "side" and "walk", to make "sidewalk". These words often develop over time. They can start as two words joined with a hyphen, and then become a compound word. There are three types of compound words; closed, hyphenated and open. A closed compound word is joined into one word like "keyboard" or "makeup". A hyphenated word is two words joined with a hyphen like "mother-in-law". Open compound words are words which are used together like "police station", or "fire engine".

This is a list with some common compound words.

Raymond Briggs

Raymond Redvers Briggs CBE (18 January 1934 – 9 August 2022) was a British writer and artist. He is known for his books for children. His books include "The Snowman", "Fungus the Bogeyman", "When the Wind Blows" and "Father Christmas". 

Briggs was born on 18 January 1934 in Wimbledon, Surrey. He died on 9 August 2022 at a hospital in Brighton, East Sussex from pneumonia at the age of 88.

Nintendo Land

Nintendo Land is a 2012 party video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Wii U video game console. It was announced during E3 2012.

The game has twelve mini-games that are playable in it, based off of famous Nintendo franchises like "The Legend of Zelda", "Mario" and "Metroid". Each minigames are styled like theme park attractions. They are supposed to show off how the Wii U GamePad works, and they all use some of its abilities, such as motion controls and the touch screen. The game supports the Wii Remote controller. The game had 'asymmetric gameplay', which means to have a different experience depending on what controller you use.

The game was mostly liked by reviewers and sold five million copies.

"Nintendo Land" takes place in a theme park, which also serves as the game's hub for its twelve minigames. A robot named Monita acts as a guide throughout the game, and teaches the player the basics of the game. Finishing minigames will earn the player coins, which can be used to play a pachinko game. If the player wins the pachinko game, they get a prize of a building from one of the minigames that they can decorate the theme park with.

Number of players: 1–5

This minigame is based on "The Legend of Zelda" series. Players using the Wii Remote wield a sword to fight enemies with. The player using the Wii U GamePad has a bow, and they must shoot the bow at enemies. The GamePad player can also spy on enemies by lifting the GamePad, or reload their arrows by facing the GamePad down.

Metroid Blast

This minigame is based on the "Metroid" series. Players using the Wii Remote and Nunchuk battle on the ground and players using the Wii U GamePad battle in Samus Aran's gunship. There are three game modes in this minigame. There is "Assault Mission", where the player must pass each level, "Surface-Air Combat", where those on foot must kill the player in the air and "Ground Battle", where all players are on foot and have to collect tokens. "Metroid Blast" is based off of a Nintendo tech demo from E3 2011.

Ambrosius Aurelianus

Ambrosius Aurelianus was a powerful Romano-British leader in Sub-Roman Britain around mid-5th century. He has been identified with the legendary King Arthur by historians like John Morris.

Ambrosius Aurelianus was born in Roman Britain in the years when Roman legions withdrew from the British isles and started the Anglo-Saxon conquest. He seems to be born in a noble Roman family, resident in Britain for many generations. He also appeared independently in the legends of the Britons, beginning with the 9th-century "Historia Brittonum", written by Nennius.

His importance comes from the fact that he is the "only Romano-british leader" named by Gildas, who was the only historian who lived during Sub-Roman Britain times: this fact makes Ambrosius Aurelianus an historical and "real" personality in the King Arthur legends.

He was renowned for his campaigns against the Anglo-Saxons, and there is some speculation that he (or his son, according to the historian Gildas) may have commanded the Romano-British forces at the Battle of Badon Hill, where the barbarians were won around 500 AD. After this battle for fifty years the Anglo-Saxons were stopped from conquering all of Britain.

Ambrosius Aurelianus is one of the few people that Gildas (a sixth century historian who lived in South-west Britain and wrote "De Excidio Britanniae", which focused largely on the history of Christian Britain) identifies by name in his sermon "De Excidio et Conquestu Britanniae", and the only one named from the 5th century. Following the destructive assault of the Saxons, the survivors gather together under the leadership of Ambrosius, who is described as:

We know from Gildas that he was of high birth, and had Roman ancestry; he was presumably a Romano-Briton, rather than a Roman from elsewhere in the empire, though it is impossible to be sure. It also appears that Ambrosius was a Christian: Gildas says that he won his battles "with God's help". According to Gildas, Ambrosius organised the survivors into an armed force and achieved the first military victory over the Saxon invaders. However, this victory was not decisive: "Sometimes the Saxons and sometimes the citizens (meaning the Romano-British inhabitants) were victorious."



Home economics

Home economics is the study of the economics and management of the home and community. It is about managing a home and family, and cooking.



Fools Garden

Fools Garden is a German musical group. It was formed in 1991 under the name Fool's Garden. They started in 1991 with the album "Fool's Garden". The official first album which included the complete band was "Once in a Blue Moon" (1993). Two years later, Fool's Garden released their third album "Dish of the Day", which scored a hit on the music charts in Europe and Asia with "Lemon Tree". The re-released track peaked at #26 in the UK Singles Chart in August 1996.

"Go And Ask Peggy For The Principal Thing" followed in 1997, along with three more albums in 2000, 2003 and 2005. In 2003, three members left the band, and were replaced by Dirk Blümlein (bassist), Claus Müller (drummer) and Gabriel Holz (second guitarist, who then left the band in 2007). The name of the band was changed to Fools Garden (without the apostrophe).

The band has released cover-versions of rock and roll songs during live performances (The Beatles' "Ticket to Ride" or The Who's "My Generation"). Fools Garden's interest in The Beatles's led them to put cover versions of songs "Cry Baby Cry" and "Martha My Dear" on their studio albums.

The band released a greatest hits compilation album in October 2009. The album, "High Times", contained fifteen songs. They included a brand new song, "High Time", and some of the well-known hits re-recorded with the new band ("Lemon Tree", "Wild Days", "Suzy").

The latest album "Who Is Jo King?" was released in October 2012.








Attila (disambiguation)

Attila most often refers to Attila the Hun, a leader of the Huns in the 5th century.

Attila or Atila may also refer to:




Freehold (law)

In property law, a freehold (also called frank-tenement) is the ownership of real property. This includes land and everything that naturally comes with it, such as buildings, trees and natural resources. Freehold is different to a leasehold, in which the property is kept by the owner of the land after the lease has expired. Ownership of a freehold estate is indefinite amount of time.

Freehold is used in the laws of many Commonwealth countries. It comes from the United Kingdom.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 8

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 8 is the eighth cycle of "America's Next Top Model". Thirteen girls participated. The winner was 20-year old Jaslene Gonzalez (who did not make the cut last cycle).



1.
"casting episode"

2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.


Control unit

The control unit is a part of a computer's central processing unit (CPU). It controls the activity of all other units in the computer system, giving them directions. Its main job is to get the code from the program, decode it and operate the arithmetic logic unit and other units to run the code. The control unit manages all the computer resources. It directs the flow of data between the CPU and the other devices.

A term for any embedded system that controls one or more electrical systems or subsystems in a vehicle.

South China Sea Islands

South China Sea Islands are 250+ small islands, atolls, cays, shoals, reefs, and sandbars in the South China Sea. Most of these small islands are uninhabited.

There are minerals, natural gas, and oil deposits on the islands or under the seafloor near the islands. 

The islands in the South China Sea include


List of uninhabited regions

An uninhabited region is a place where no people live. By 'uninhabited' is meant "no one lives there permanently". The difficult case is Antarctica, where there are permanent stations, but their staff do not stay permanently. In other places there may be visitors, and sometimes research teams visit for longer periods.



Jim Kelly

James Edward Kelly (born February 14, 1960) is a former American football quarterback in the NFL for the Buffalo Bills and in the USFL for the Houston Gamblers. He played college football for the Miami Hurricanes. While Kelly was drafted by the Bills in 1983, he did not want to play for them at first, instead joining the Gamblers in the USFL. He was a star player for Houston until the USFL went out of business in 1986, after which he finally joined the Bills. 

Kelly continued playing at a high level, helping the Bills become one of the NFL's best teams for some time. From 1990 to 1993, the Bills appeared in four straight Super Bowls with Kelly at quarterback. Though the Bills failed to win every time, they remain the only team in NFL history to make it to four or more Super Bowls as of 2019. Long after retiring in 1997, Kelly is still considered the greatest quarterback in Buffalo Bills team history by many people, as he still holds many passing records for the team.

W. E. B. Du Bois

William Edward Burghardt "W. E. B." Du Bois ( ; February 23, 1868 – August 27, 1963) was a very respected American-Ghanaian sociologist, historian, civil rights activist, Pan-Africanist, author, and editor. He was the leader of a group of African-American activists who wanted equal rights for blacks. Du Bois and his supporters opposed the Atlanta Compromise by Booker T. Washington.

Du Bois was born on February 23, 1868 (approximately) in Great Barrington, Massachusetts. He studied at Fisk University, Harvard University, and the University of Berlin.

Du Bois was married to Nina Gomer Du Bois from 1895 until her death in 1950. Then he was married to Shirley Lola Graham from 1951 until his death in 1963. Du Bois had two children with Gomer and one son with Graham.

In early 1963, the United States refused to renew his passport, so he decided to become a citizen of Ghana. Du Bois did not renounce his U.S. citizenship and moved from his home in New York City to Accra, Ghana.

Du Bois died on August 27, 1963 in his home in Accra from natural causes, aged 95. Du Bois received a state funeral. He was buried near his home in Accra.


John Jay O'Connor

John Jay O'Connor III (January 10, 1930 – November 11, 2009) was an American lawyer and the husband United States Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, the first woman to serve the court. He had Alzheimer's disease. Because of the disease, his wife retired from the United States Supreme Court in 2005.

O'Connor was born on January 10, 1930 in San Francisco, California. He studied at Stanford University. He received many college degrees during the 1950s. O'Connor married Sandra Day O'Connor in 1952, after they met in Arizona. They had three sons. O'Connor died on November 11, 2009 in his home in Phoenix, Arizona from Alzheimer's disease, aged 79.


Texas City disaster

The Texas City Disaster of 1947 was a major and very deadly incident. It happened on Wednesday, April 16, 1947, and was one of the largest non-nuclear explosions to hit the United States. The incident began as a late morning fire on the French vessel SS "Grandcamp" which had been docked next to Texas City and nearby Galveston. But then, its almost twenty three hundred ton cargo of ammonium nitrate detonated, creating several massive explosions that caused serious damage. The incident killed 581 people.

The Grandcamp, a World War II Liberty ship that had been converted to a French merchant vessel, was taking on a load of ammonium nitrate fertilizer at a quay next to a complex of Monsanto chemical factories, offices and labs. The ship's carpenter smelled smoke in the No. 4 hold around 8 a.m. on April 16 and found that a few bags of fertilizer were on fire. He tried dousing it with a few buckets of water, then a fire extinguisher.

When he called for a hose, the ship's captain forbade it, fearful that water would destroy the $500 worth of cargo that was on fire. The skipper ordered the hold closed and its fire-suppression valves opened to release steam. Ordinarily a good idea, but not in this case.

Ammonium nitrate decomposes at around 350 degrees Fahrenheit. The fire grew. The captain ordered his crew to abandon ship.Firefighters tried spraying the burning ship from the dock. Spectators, including schoolchildren crowded the quayside to watch the action. Bad idea, since the Grandcamp exploded at 9:12 a.m. The captain and 32 of the Grandcamp's crew died; 10 somehow survived. More than 200 people were killed on the quay. The blast was heard 160 miles away. It shattered all the windows in Texas City and half of those in Galveston, 10 miles away.

Some debris reached an altitude of nearly 3 miles before falling back to earth. Two airplanes circling overhead were blown apart by the heavy shrapnel. A one-ton piece of the ship's propeller shaft landed 2½ miles away. Other pieces sailed 5 miles.The blast flattened 20 waterfront blocks and 12 blocks inland. Flaming debris ignited oil, gas and chemical tanks at the sprawling Monsanto complex and three nearby oil companies.

People died everywhere, blown up by the blast, decapitated by flying metal, sliced by falling glass, burned by flaming metal and chemicals, crushed by falling buildings. The litany of death was long and varied. Thousands more suffered injuries.

Fire and rescue workers rushed in from nearby cities, and the Red Cross mobilized a massive national response, but these were the days before jet passenger and cargo planes. Local authorities set up temporary morgues and pressed medical students into duty in overwhelmed emergency rooms.

The cargo ship Highflyer, which had been moored near the Grandcamp, caught fire the morning after the explosion. When the fire seemed to be getting out of control, tugs were called to tow the ship out of the port, lest its own cargo of fertilizer explode, too. Unfortunately, the force of the Grandcamp explosion had locked the Highflyer into a deadly embrace with another ship, the Wilson B. Keene, and the Highflyer wouldn't budge. The tugs gave up. The Highflyer blew up, also demolishing the Keene, and raining death and fire anew on Texas City. The shockwave and new fires killed hundreds more.

The fires were not put out until April 18. Bodies and parts of bodies were strewn all over town. The state government ultimately listed 405 identified and 63 unidentified dead. Another 100 or perhaps 200 were counted as missing. Injuries may have reached 3,500. That's 4,000 casualties in a town of 16,000.

More than 1,500 houses – a third of the town's housing – were destroyed. Two thousand of the survivors were rendered homeless. Property damage reached at least $600 million (almost $6 billion in today's money).

An official report on the disaster recommended improved containers, labeling and special handling of ammonium nitrate fertilizer; prohibiting smoking in all piers and docks at all times; and worst-case-scenario community disaster plans to coordinate relief agencies, police and fire departments, hospitals, doctors and nurses, civil officials and military authorities.

Today, the unknown dead rest in a special cemetery. Monuments in Texas City include the propeller of the Highflyer and an anchor from the Grandcamp.

Texas City, Texas

Texas City is a city in Chambers and Galveston counties in southeastern Texas. The 2020 Census showed 51,898 people living there. This city was officially incorporated in 1911.

Dead reckoning

Dead Reckoning (or DR) is a method of estimating a position. It is an important part of navigation. It uses the last known point (a fix), and speed and direction the vehicle or person has moved since it was at the fix, to make a good guess where the current position is. 
It is used to track where a ship or airplane or sometimes where a vehicle on land is at. Now, Global Positioning System (GPS) is used and dead reckoning is not as important. But it is still used in areas where GPS is not available or for short periods of time if a GPS update is missed. It is also good to know in case the GPS satellites are damaged by a solar flare, or equipment is lost or broken, so it is still taught to sailors and pilots.

Dead Reckoning is how the sailors mapped the world after Christopher Columbus came to the New World. Using the stars, they could find their latitude (distance between the equator and the poles). But before accurate clocks were created, they could not tell their longitude (how far east or west they were) unless they saw land that they knew. So to cross the oceans they used dead reckoning. This is also how Richard Byrd became the first person to fly to the North Pole in 1926. He was able to fly for 16 hours and come back to the place he had left, with only ice fields beneath him.

Dead reckoning starts from a known point (the fix). Then the speed of the vehicle needs to be known. In old times, ships would throw a log over the side (tied to a rope) and count how long it took to pass this log (or to pull a rope with knots and count how many knots get pulled out in a certain amount of time). This would give the speed of the ship. Knowing the direction from a compass would give the direction. From these two numbers an estimate (a good guess) could be made about the current location of the vehicle. However, a wind pushes the vehicle to one side (called "drift") so this needs to be measured as well. Also there are currents in the water, even in the middle of the ocean. Over time this could make errors as well, so charts were made to correct for currents. 

Airplanes can measure their windspeed easily (how fast they are going through the air), but not how fast they are moving over the land (called "ground speed"). A head wind, tail wind, or cross wind changes the ground speed. If the altitude of the plane is known, then the ground speed can be found by timing how fast the plane goes past an object on the ground. (The higher you are, the slower the ground seems to move). A window on the floor of the airplane can be used to find the ground speed and the drift of the airplane. 

A vehicle on ground can also use dead reckoning. Usually they do not need to worry about drift from the wind, and there are no currents on land, so this reckoning is easier.

Yum! Brands

Yum! Brands, Inc., or Yum, are an American based corporation which licenses KFC, Pizza Hut and the Taco Bell restaurants. Before 2011, they also owned the Long John Silver's franchise. The company is based in Louisville, Kentucky. It started on October 7, 1997 as the Tricon Global Restaurants, Inc., which in turn was an independent company and spinoff of PepsiCo. Because of its previous relationship with PepsiCo, this company has a lifetime contract to Pepsi.

Iltur, South Australia

Iltur is the name of a remote Pitjantjatjara homeland in the Great Victoria Desert of South Australia. It is also known as Ilturnga or Coffin Hill after the rocky outcrop where it is located. It is located at the southern end of the Birksgate Range, and is one of the most southerly locations on the Aṉangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands. It was visited by the Elder Scientific Exploring Expedition in 1981, led by the explorer David Lindsay.

Many of the families who had lived in this region historically were forced to leave the area due to nuclear weapons tests at Maralinga. They were moved to Fregon in the north and to Yalata, very far to the south. Not all of them left, however, and some still living around Iltur reported that they were affected by the fallout of the tests. In 1976, the Department of Aboriginal Affairs offered AU$10,000 for the establishment of an outstation community at Iltur. An outstation was built, but is not always occupied.

Honeypot ant

Honeypot ants, or repletes, are sterile worker ants which are used as food stores. They develop swelled abdomens, filled with food by other worker ants. They are living storage containers. There are five genera of honepot ants. 

Ant species often have polymorphs: different forms of the same type. The soldier ants which defend colonies are genetically the same as the normal workers. The way they develop is different. This is done by changes in food, or by pheromones. 

Young honeypot ants are more or less force-fed until their gasters (=stomachs) are swelled up. Then they act as living food storage vessels. These food storage workers are called "repletes". 

These replete workers develop in the North American honeypot ant "Myrmecocystus mexicanus". Rissing found that usually the largest workers in the colony develop into repletes; and, if repletes are removed from the colony, other workers become repletes. This shows the flexibility of this polymorphism.

Honey ants use their own bodies as living storage, but they have more function than just storing food. Some store liquids, body fat, and water brought to them by worker ants. They can later serve as a food source for their fellow ants when food is otherwise scarce. When the liquid stored inside a honeypot ant is needed, the worker ants stroke the antennae of the honeypot ant, causing the honeypot ant to regurgitate the stored liquid.

In certain places, such as the Australian outback, honeypot ants are eaten by people as sweets and are considered a delicacy.

Makiri, South Australia

Makiri is a place in the northwest of South Australia, where a rock hole and an Aboriginal outstation are located. It is in the Great Victoria Desert, between Kaltjiti and Watarru. It is an important sacred site for the "" (honey ant) Dreaming, a women's law. Much of the site was desecrated by a surveying team in 1969. It was officially declared a Prohibited Area by the South Australian government in 1973, as an "important Aboriginal mythological and cultural site".

Makiri is located in a region of shrubland and sand dunes. The outstation here was established in the early 1980s. Since 1984, it has been governed and supported by the Irintata Homelands group from Kaltjiti. There is one house with solar power. Water is supplied from a rainwater tank and a bore. It is often used as a research base by scientists, as the area supports several endangered species.

Britain &amp; Ireland's Next Top Model

Britain & Ireland's Next Top Model (known as BINTM) is a reality show in which several women compete as models. It is a spin-off from the series "America's Next Top Model". The hosts are/were Lisa Butcher, Lisa Snowdown and recently Elle Macpherson. The show contains 9 seasons. A


Seven contestants from BNTM were competing against seven hopeful American models.

The returning contestants from "Britain's Next Top Model" and their placements for Cycle 18 are:

Ambrose Rogers

Ambrose Rodgers is a Gaelic footballer who plays for Down. He is the current captain and was also the captain of the Down Under-21 team in 2005 when they won the Ulster Under-21 Football Championship.

Britain &amp; Ireland's Next Top Model (series 8)

Britain and Ireland's next Top Model, Cycle 8 is the eighth cycle of "Britain & Ireland's Next Top Model". This cycle contains 14 contestants. The host is still Elle MacPherson. The winner was 18-year-old Letitia Herod. 



Episode 1 & 2 Casting episodes 

Episode 3
Episode 4
Episode 5
Episode 6
Episode 7
Episode 8
Episode 9
Episode 10
Episode 11
Episode 12
Episode 13


River mouth

The river mouth is the point where a stream flows into a body of water such as a river or an ocean.


Storm Thorgerson

Storm Elvin Thorgerson (28 February 1944 – 18 April 2013) was an English graphic designer who worked with music bands such as Led Zeppelin and Pink Floyd. Thorgerson was born on 28 February 1944 in Potters Bar, Middlesex, England. He died from cancer in England on 18 April 2013 at age 69.


Hogna

Spiders of the Hogna are large and powerful wolf spiders. They belong to the Family called "Lycosidae." They will readily catch and eat crickets and other large insects. They do not try to hurt humans unless they are getting hurt themselves. Usually their colors are dull, mostly they are brown, dark brown, or black. 

"Hogna carolinensis" is the largest spider in the United States and can have a body length (head to tail) of up to almost 1.5 inches or 35mm. They scare people, but it is hard to get them even to try to bite. Instead of showing their , they will run away. They can run very fast. They are about 16 times larger than the smallest species of wolf spiders. For instance, the smallest of the wolf spiders of the genus "Trabeops" are only 4 mm. long. 

"Hogna carolinensis" often digs burrows to live in. 

Other species in this genus include:

In Europe there is a slightly smaller spider called "Lycosa tarantula," a kind of wolf spider that people once believed could kill people. It gets its name from the city of Taranto in Italy. There are other wolf spiders that get a little larger than "Hogna carolinensis", one of which is found in the Canary Islands, "Allohogna singoriensis," which reaches a full 40mm.

Great Expectations

Great Expectations is a novel by Charles Dickens. It depicts the growth and personal development of an orphan named Philip Pirrip ("Pip"). The novel was first published in serial form in Dickens' weekly periodical "All the Year Round", from 1 December 1860 to August 1861. In October 1861, Chapman and Hall published the novel in three volumes.

It is set among the marshes of Kent and in London in the early to mid 19th century. From the outset, the reader is "treated" by the terrifying encounter between Pip, the protagonist, and the escaped convict, Abel Magwitch. "Great Expectations" is a graphic book, full of extreme imagery, poverty, prison ships, "the hulks," barriers and chains, and fights to the death. It therefore combines intrigue and unexpected twists of autobiographical detail in different tones. Regardless of its narrative technique, the novel reflects the events of the time, Dickens' concerns, and the relationship between society and man.

Dickens felt "Great Expectations" was his best work, calling it "a very fine idea," and was very sensitive to compliments from his friends: "Bulwer, who has been, as I think you know, extraordinarily taken by the book." The cast includes the capricious Miss Havisham, the cold and beautiful Estella, the kind and generous blacksmith Joe, the dry and sycophantic Uncle Pumblechook, and the eloquent and wise Herbert Pocket. Throughout the narrative, typical Dickensian themes emerge: wealth and poverty, love and rejection, and the eventual triumph of good over evil.

"Great Expectations" has been translated into many languages and adapted many times to movies and other media.

Pip is an orphan, about seven years old, who lives with his older sister and her kind blacksmith husband Joe Gargery on the coastal marshes of Kent. On Christmas Eve 1812, Pip is visiting the graves of his parents and siblings. There, he unexpectedly encounters an escaped convict who threatens him with death if he does not bring back food and tools. Terrified, Pip steals a file from among Joe's tools and a pie and brandy that were meant for Christmas dinner, which he delivers to the convict.

That evening, Pip's sister is about to look for the missing pie when soldiers arrive and ask Joe to fix some . Joe and Pip go with them into the marshes to recapture the convict, who is fighting with another escaped convict. The first convict confesses to stealing food, clearing Pip.

A few years pass. Miss Havisham, a wealthy and lonely spinster, asks Mr Pumblechook, a relative of the Gargerys, to find a boy to visit her. She was jilted(suddenly reject or abandon a lover) at her wedding and still wears her old wedding dress and lives in the run-down Satis House. Pip visits Miss Havisham and falls in love with Estella, her adopted daughter. Estella is cold to Pip, which Miss Havisham encourages. During one visit, another boy picks a fistfight with Pip, where Pip easily wins. Estella watches, and allows Pip to kiss her afterwards. Pip visits Miss Havisham regularly, until he is old enough to learn a trade.

Joe accompanies Pip for the last visit to Miss Havisham, at which she gives the money for Pip to be bound as an apprentice blacksmith. Joe's assistant, Dolge Orlick, is envious of Pip and dislikes Mrs Joe. When Pip and Joe are away from the house, Joe's wife is brutally attacked, leaving her unable to speak or do her work. Orlick is suspected of the attack. Mrs Joe changes and becomes kindhearted after the attack. Pip's former schoolmate Biddy joins the household to help with her care.

Four years into Pip's apprenticeship, Mr Jaggers, a lawyer, informs him that he has been provided with money from an anonymous patron, allowing him to become a gentleman. Pip is to leave for London, but presuming that Miss Havisham is his benefactress, he first visits her.

Pip sets up house in London at Barnard's Inn with Herbert Pocket, the son of his tutor, Matthew Pocket, who is a cousin of Miss Havisham. Pip realizes Herbert is the boy he fought with years ago. Herbert tells Pip how Miss Havisham was deserted by her fiancé. Pip meets fellow pupils, Bentley Drummle, a violent of a man from a wealthy noble family, and Startop, who is nice. During a visit, Pip meets Jaggers's housekeeper Molly, a former convict.

When Joe visits Pip at Barnard's Inn, Pip is ashamed to be seen with him. Joe relays a message from Miss Havisham that Estella will be at Satis House for a visit. Pip returns there to meet Estella and is encouraged by Miss Havisham, but he avoids visiting Joe. He is upset to see Orlick now in service to Miss Havisham. He mentions it to Jaggers, who promises Orlick's dismissal. Back in London, Pip and Herbert exchange their romantic secrets: Pip adores Estella and Herbert is engaged to Clara. Pip meets Estella when she is sent to Richmond to be introduced into society.

Pip and Herbert build up debts. Mrs Joe dies and Pip returns to his village for the funeral. Pip's income is fixed at £500 per annum when he comes of age at twenty-one. With the help of Jaggers's clerk, Wemmick, Pip plans to help advance Herbert's future prospects by anonymously securing him a position with the , Clarriker's. Pip takes Estella to Satis House. She and Miss Havisham quarrel over Estella's coldness. In London, Bentley Drummle outrages Pip, by proposing a toast to Estella. Later, at an Assembly Ball in Richmond, Pip witnesses Estella meeting Bentley Drummle and warns her about him; she replies that she has no problems about courting him.

A week after he turns 23 years old, Pip learns that his benefactor is the convict he encountered in the grave, Abel Magwitch, who had been transported to New South Wales after being captured. He has become wealthy after gaining his freedom there, but cannot return to England on pain of death. However, he returns to see Pip, who was the motivation for all his success.

Pip is shocked, and stops taking Magwitch's money. He and Herbert Pocket devise a plan for Magwitch to escape from England.

Magwitch shares his past history with Pip, and reveals that the escaped convict whom he fought in the churchyard was Compeyson, the fraudster who had deserted Miss Havisham.

Pip returns to Satis Hall to visit Estella and meets Bentley Drummle, who has also come to see her and now has Orlick as his servant. Pip accuses Miss Havisham of misleading him about his benefactor. She admits to doing so, but says that her plan was to annoy her relatives. Pip declares his love to Estella, who coldly tells him that she plans on marrying Drummle. Heartbroken, Pip walks back to London, where Wemmick warns him that Compeyson is seeking him. Pip and Herbert continue preparations for Magwitch's escape.

At Jaggers's house for dinner, Wemmick tells Pip how Jaggers acquired his maidservant, Molly, rescuing her from the gallows when she was accused of murder.

Then, full of remorse, Miss Havisham tells Pip how the infant Estella was brought to her by Jaggers and raised by her to be unfeeling and heartless. She knows nothing about Estella's parentage. She also tells Pip that Estella is now married. She gives Pip money to pay for Herbert Pocket's position at Clarriker's, and asks for his forgiveness. As Pip is about to leave, Miss Havisham's dress catches fire. Pip saves her, injuring himself in the process. She eventually dies from her injuries, lamenting her manipulation of Estella and Pip. Pip now realises that Estella is the daughter of Molly and Magwitch. When confronted about this, Jaggers discourages Pip from acting on his suspicions.

A few days before Magwitch's planned escape, Pip is tricked by an anonymous letter into going to a sluice-house near his old home, where he is seized by Orlick, who intends to murder him and freely admits to injuring Pip's sister. As Pip is about to be struck by a hammer, Herbert Pocket and Startop arrive and save Pip's life. The three of them pick up Magwitch to row him to the steamboat for Hamburg, but they are met by a police boat carrying Compeyson, who has offered to identify Magwitch. Magwitch seizes Compeyson, and they fight in the river. Seriously injured, Magwitch is taken by the police. Compeyson's body is found later.

Pip is aware that Magwitch's fortune will go to the Crown after his trial. Herbert, who is preparing to move to Cairo, Egypt, to manage Clarriker's office there, offers Pip a position there. Pip always visits Magwitch in the prison hospital as he awaits trial, and on Magwitch's deathbed tells him that his daughter Estella is alive. After Herbert's departure for Cairo, Pip falls ill in his room, and faces arrest for debt. However, Joe nurses Pip back to health and pays off his debt. When Pip begins to recover, Joe slips away. Pip then returns to propose to Biddy, only to find that she has married Joe. Pip asks Joe's forgiveness, promises to repay him and leaves for Cairo. There he shares lodgings with Herbert and Clara, and eventually advances to become third in the company. Only then does Herbert learn that Pip paid for his position in the firm.

After working eleven years in Egypt, Pip returns to England and visits Joe, Biddy, and their son, Pip Jr. Then, in the ruins of Satis House, he meets the widowed Estella, who asks Pip to forgive her, assuring him that her misfortune, and her abusive marriage to Drummle until his death, has opened her heart. As Pip takes Estella's hand, and they leave the moonlit ruins, he sees "no shadow of another parting from her."

A&amp;W Restaurants

A&W Restaurants is a chain of fast food restaurants known for its draft root beer and root beer floats. 

A&W was the first successful franchise company: the franchises began in the 1920s in California. The company's name was taken from the surnames of partners Roy W. Allen and Frank Wright. Yum! Brands purchased the company in 2002. In 2011 the company was sold back to a group of franchise owners. Kevin Bazner returned as the CEO.

The menu of A&W includes hamburgers, french fries, hot dogs and other fast food style meals. A&W has restaurants across the United States. A&W exists in Canada, but it has been owned by a different company since 1972. As of 2017 there were 634 restaurants in the United States and 328 international restaurants.

A&W is known for "frosty mugs". This is when the mug is kept in the freezer. It is removed, filled with A&W Root Beer, and then served to the customer. A number of A&W's are drive-in restaurants with carhops.

Tigrosa

Spiders in the genus Tigrosa were formerly included in the genus "Hogna", and before that to the genus "Lycosa". As people who study spiders make more progress they divide things in new ways.

Among the species included in this genus are:


Tigrosa helluo

Tigrosa helluo is a large species of American wolf spider. It used to be classified as a member of the genus "Hogna", and was called Hogna helluo. Before that it was classified as "Lycosa helluo". Female "Tigrosa helluo" spiders can have body lengths as great as 21 mm, and males can get up to 12 mm. Sometimes the females are found in holes under rocks. They dig a shallow hole and line it with silk. When they lay eggs they put them in silk sacs that they make. Then they carry them along with them by attaching the egg sac to their spinnerets. They may lay from 150 to 500 eggs at a time. All mother wolf spiders let their babies ride on top of their abdomens for several days after they hatch.

Leandra Leal

Leandra Rodrigues Leal Braz e Silva (born 8 September 1982 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actress.

Leal is the granddaughter of the cultural producer Américo Leal and daughter of actress Ângela Leal. She started acting at the age of seven. When she was eight years old, she started on television, in the last episode of the soap opera "Pantanal", in which her mother also worked. Leal is an only child. She seems to have been influenced by her mother in her career choice, because since she was a little girl she has been living among the artistic and was fascinated by the art of interpretation.

In 2000, she co-starred in the miniseries "A Muralha" and then the sopa opera "O Cravo e a Rosa". Both of these contributed to her fame. In 2002 she participated in the "Pastores da Noite" miniseries, and in 2003, she was present in a season of children's series "Sítio do Picapau Amarelo". She also came to participate in some episodes of "A Grande Família", as Viviane, one of Tuco's girlfriends.

In 2004 she acted in the soap opera "Senhora do Destino", getting the sympathy of the audience by clashing with the villain Nazaré, played by Renata Sorrah. Later that year, she also served in the movie "Cazuza - O Tempo Não Pára", as Bebel Gilberto, singer's best friend.

In 2008 she co-starred in the remake of "Ciranda de Pedra" as Elzinha. At the end of the year, she debuted as a director in the "Mercadorias e Futuro" goods and theatrical spectacle, with José Paes de Lira.

In 2011, she was part of the cast of the movie "Estamos Juntos", and participated in the last episode of the soap opera "Insensato Coração". She also participated in a framework called the Fantástico, "A História do Amor", in which she played 64 different characters next to the actor Daniel de Oliveira.

In 2012, Leal was in the episode "A Sexóloga de Floripa" in series "As Brasileiras". And the soap opera is "Cheias de Charme", playing Maria do Rosário.

Stoker (movie)

Stoker is a 2013 British-American drama thriller movie. It was directed by Park Chan-wook. The movie stars Mia Wasikowska, Nicole Kidman and Matthew Goode. 

After India's father dies in an auto accident, her Uncle Charlie, who she never knew existed, comes to live with her and her emotionally unstable mother. Soon after his arrival, she comes to suspect this mysterious, charming man has ulterior motives, but instead of feeling outrage or horror, this friendless girl becomes increasingly infatuated with him. 


Kaḻayapiṯi

Kaḻayapiṯi (also written Kaḻaya Piṯi and Kaḻaiapiṯi) is a rock hole in the Birksgate Range in northwestern South Australia. It is an important location in the early history of the Pitjantjatjara people. The name comes from the words ' (emu) and ' (referring to a place from which the ancestral being is believed to originate; "" is a waterhole). It is a major sacred site for the (Emu Dreaming), and has been used for ceremonies by the Pitjantjatjara since long before colonisation of Australia.

Kaḻayapiṯi forms the southern heartland of the traditional Pitjantjatjara territory. According to the anthropologist Norman Tindale, the Pitjantjatjara people originally migrated from the southern coast. Kaḻayapiṯi served as their main home as they moved further north and northeast into the Tomkinson, Mann and Petermann Ranges. The rock hole here was very important during droughts, as there were few sources of water so reliable and permanent in the Great Victoria Desert to the south. However, during a long and severe drought between 1914 and 1916, the Pitjantjatjara were forced to move further east into the Musgrave Ranges, traditionally Yankunytjatjara territory.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 5

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 5 was the fifth season of "America's Next Top Model". There were 13 contestants. The winner was 18-year-old Nicole Linkletter.



1.
"casting episode"

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.


Petra Mede

Petra Maria Mede (born 7 March 1970, in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish comedian, dancer and television host. She grew up in Gothenburg. 

She is known worldwide for presenting the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 and the Eurovision Song Contest in 2016, this time along with Måns Zelmerlöw. She also hosted Melodifestivalen in 2009 and 2016.

Political geography

Political geography is the study of the spaces of politics and the politics of space. It is the field of geography which is concerned with the relationships between people, the state, and territory.

Political geography is organized or studied in three scaled groups.

The British academic Halford Mackinder created the study of "political geography".


Conflation

Conflation is what happens when two or more individuals, concepts, or places seem to be a single identity. Although they may share one or more characteristics, the differences somehow seem to be lost. 

In logic, conflation is the practice of treating two distinct concepts as if they were one. This produces errors or misunderstandings. The fusion or merge of distinct subjects tends to obscure analysis of relationships which are emphasized by contrasts. 


Tjayanka Woods

Tjayanka Woods is an Australian Aboriginal artist. She was one of the pioneers of the art movement across the Ngaanyatjarra, Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara lands, which began in 2000. She is best known for her paintings, but also a craftswoman who makes baskets and other woven artworks. Her paintings are held in the Art Gallery of Western Australia, National Gallery of Victoria, and the National Gallery of Australia.

Woods was born about 1935. She was born close to Kaḻayapiṯi, a rock hole in the Great Victoria Desert of South Australia. She grew up living a traditional, nomadic way of life in the bush with her family, before any contact with Euro-Australian society. They often camped at Kaḻayapiṯi, where Woods and the other girls would gather bushfood together. She learned to carve basic tools and decorative objects, and to burn traditional patterns into the wood (this is called ""). She also learned to spin hair string on a hand-spun spindle and weave head rings and ceremonial belts from hair and feathers.

Woods began painting in 2000, after moving to Irrunytju. The women there opened an art centre as an community-owned economic project, called Irrunytju Arts. From the beginning of her career, Brown often painted with her friend Anmanari Brown. When Brown's husband died in 2007, the two women left Irrunytju and went to live at Papulankutja, on Ngaanyatjarra lands. Here, they paint for Papulankutja Artists. In April 2010, the two women held their first solo exhibition together at the Vivien Anderson Gallery in Melbourne. Woods has had two of her paintings chosen as finalists for the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award, in 2006 and 2008.

Woods' paintings are mostly about the (Two Sisters Dreaming), which is her personal Dreaming. They are structured like maps drawn in the sand, tracing the journey of the two sisters around the edge of the canvas. She paints in earthy colours, and uses solid and dotted lines in concentric circles to depict the journeys and activities of figures in the story.


Benin City

Benin City is one of the large cities in Nigeria. It is the capital of Edo State in southern Nigeria. It is a located about north of the Benin River, and by road east of Lagos. Benin is the centre of Nigeria's rubber industry, but processing palm nuts for oil is also an important traditional industry.

Karl Benz

Karl Friedrich Benz (November 25, 1844 – April 4, 1929) was a German engine designer and car engineer, generally regarded as the inventor of the internal combustion engine and petrol-powered automobile, and together with his wife Bertha Benz pioneering founder of the automobile manufacturer Mercedes-Benz.

Kunytjanu, South Australia

Kunytjanu (commonly written Kuntjanu) is an Aboriginal outstation and waterhole in northwestern South Australia. It is serviced from the community of Pipalyatjara to the north. It is located on the road between Pipalyatjara and Watarru. The outstation was established in 1975, along with Iltur, Walytjatjata, Kunamata and several others that used Pipalyatjara as a base. It received a grant for development from the government in 1978.

The area around Kunytjanu is connected with several Dreamings. The waterhole itself is associated with the , the Dreaming of the water-snake or Rainbow Serpent.

AirTran Airways

AirTran was a low-cost American airline formerly known as ValuJet. It's hub was in Atlanta, Georgia and it operated routes throughout the Americas.

ValuJet's first flight was in 1993. In 1996, ValuJet Flight 592, a DC-9 aircraft, crashed into the Everglades shortly after takeoff from Miami International Airport, after a fire on board. 110 people died in the crash. The NTSB blamed Valujet's maintenance contractor, SabreTech for improper maintenance.

After the large amount of negative publicity surrounding this tragedy, ValuJet suffered serious financial problems and nearly went bankrupt. It merged with a smaller airline called AirTran and assumed its name in 1997.

After management turnover and some replacement of older airplanes, AirTran appears to have turned around financially and has become profitable, even in the very difficult business environment encountered by all U.S. airlines since the September 11 Attacks.

In 2011, AirTran merged with Southwest Airlines. The merger was completed in 2014 and the "AirTran" name was no longer used.

DualShock

The DualShock is a video game controller made by Sony for the PlayStation line of game consoles. It was first released in Japan in 1997, and was later released in North America in 1998. It is a vibration-feedback controller, meaning that it shakes in appropriate situations during a game. The name comes from the fact that it has two vibration motors. The motors are in the handles of the controller.

Emmelie de Forest

Emmelie Charlotte-Victoria de Forest (born 28 February 1993; née Emmelie Engström) is a Danish singer and songwriter. She won the Eurovision Song Contest 2013, representing Denmark with the song "Only Teardrops". 

Emmelie de Forest claimed she is the great granddaughter of King Edward VII. Researchers said this was not true. 

Save Rock and Roll

Save Rock and Roll is a studio album released by Chicago punk rock group Fall Out Boy on April 12, 2013 under Island Records in the United States. The album was produced by American singer and songwriter Butch Walker. It is the band's fifth album and first album since the release of "Folie à Deux" in December 2008. The band went on an indefinite hiatus in late 2009, parting ways to endure in solo projects and super groups. In 2013, the band returned with the first single "My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light 'Em Up)", released on February 4, 2013, accompanied with a music video, peaking at number-twenty six on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The video featured rapper 2 Chainz. The band announced the Save Rock and Roll tour in May through June in support of the album. This fall, the band is set to go on their comeback Save Rock and Roll Fall Arena Tour in September with pop punk band Panic! at the Disco and rapper Big Sean.

On March 24, 2013, the band released the promotional single "The Phoenix", along with a music video. The song debuted and peaked at number-eighty on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. They followed it up with the release of the second promotional single, "Young Volcanoes" released on April 8, 2013, also accompanied with a music video, which premiered on April 18 on YouTube.

In 2009, following two nationwide tours and the release of a greatest hits compilation, the members of Fall Out Boy decided to take a break. The band's decision stemmed from disillusionment with the music industry and the constant promotion of fourth record "Folie à Deux". The band's, specifically bassist/lyricist Pete Wentz, every movement had become fodder for gossip in tabloids, and lead vocalist/guitarist Patrick Stump recalled that "We found ourselves running on fumes a little bit -- creatively and probably as people, too."

On February 4, 2013, the band called off the hiatus announcing a new single, new album, and a new tour.



Fall Out Boy did a concert tour in support of the album. It consisted of 16 shows in September 2013. The opening acts were Big Sean, who assists on the track "The Mighty Fall" on the album, and Panic! at the Disco.


My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light Em Up)

"My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light 'Em Up)" is a song composed by American pop punk group Fall out Boy released on February 4, 2013, in the United States. The single marks the band's comeback four years of being on an indefinite hiatus in 2009. The band announced that "Light 'Em Up" is the lead single from the fifth studio album "Save Rock and Roll", which was released on April 12, 2013. 

Commercially, "My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light 'Em Up)" debuted on charts worldwide with modest success, debuting in the top five in the United Kingdom and at No. 36 on the Australian ARIA Chart, charts the band have previously received success from with singles like "This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race" and "Thnks fr th Mmrs". On the Billboard Hot 100, the song debuted at No. 26 and No. 8 on US Rock Songs; it reached No. 2 on iTunes upon its release. Fall Out Boy performed the song on Jimmy Kimmel Live! for their first post-hiatus TV performance on February 13.

The Phoenix (Fall Out Boy song)

"The Phoenix" is a promotional single by American pop rock band Fall Out Boy. The single was released on March 24, 2013 in the United States. It was accompanied by a music video, released on the same day. It peaked and debuted at number-eighty on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart and at number-fourteen on the "Billboard" Rock Songs chart. The music video's plot follows the story line of Fall Out Boy's capture in the video for "My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light 'Em Up)", which was released on February 4, 2013.

The song was succeeded by the second promotional single from "Save Rock and Roll" titled "Young Volcanoes", released on April 8, 2013 on SoundCloud. The music video for the song was released on April 18 on YouTube.

The song sampled a various amount of genres and sounds. The introduction to the track samples an orchestral like symphonic build up leading to the song's high-NRG sound. Overall, it is an alternative dance pop, punk rock song composed by producer Butch Walker.

Araneomorphae

The Araneomorphae are the kinds of spiders that humans most often see around their homes and gardens. They are different from the "Mygalomorphae", the group of spiders that includes the tarantulas (also called "bird-eating spider"). There is a third group of spiders that is extremely ancient and now has few species remaining. It is called the "Mesothelae".

The Tinderbox

"The Tinderbox" is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen. It was originally published in Copenhagen, Denmark in May 1835 in the first booklet of "Fairy Tales Told for Children". The three other stories in the booklet were "Big Claus and Little Claus", "The Princess and the Pea", and "Little Ida's Flowers". The critics did not like these stories. They thought the stories immoral. "The Tinderbox" is Andersen's retelling of "The Spirit in the Candle", a traditional Danish story he knew as a child. It is also similar to "Aladdin and the Magic Lamp", another Andersen childhood favorite. The tale has been adapted to various media including the first Danish animated movie.

A soldier steals a magic tinderbox from an old witch. The tinderbox can summon three magic dogs that will do what the soldier wants them to do. He orders one dog to bring him a sleeping princess from her parents' castle. When the king and queen learn where their daughter is, the soldier is arrested and sentenced to death. At the last moment, he summons the dogs. They save his life and he marries the princess.



The Princess and the Pea

"The Princess and the Pea" is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen. It was first published in Copenhagen, Denmark in 1835. It appeared as the third tale in the first book of Andersen's "Fairy Tales Told for Children". The other tales in the little book were "The Tinderbox", "Big Claus and Little Claus", and "Little Ida's Flowers". 

The story tells of a maiden whose royalty is established by her sensitivity to a pea placed under her matresses. Stories of super-sensitivity are rare. They are not unknown however in world literature and lore. Andersen heard the tale of the pea as a child, but it is unknown in Danish folk tradition. He probably heard a Swedish version of the tale.

The critics did not like these four stories. They did not like their informal, chatty style. They thought the stories immoral. The stories did not promote good behaviour and the mores of the times. "Little Claus and Big Claus", for instance, featured unpunished lying, hoodwinking, theft, and adulterous conduct. 

The story has been adapted to various media including a television program on Shelley Duval's "Fairy Tale Theatre". A popular musical play of the 1960s was based on the story called "Once Upon a Mattress". It starred comedienne Carol Burnett.
A prince decides to marry. He wants a real princess as his bride. He searches the world, but does not find one. He returns home disappointed. 

One stormy night, a rain-soaked maiden comes to the castle door. She is seeking shelter. She says she is a real princess. 

The Queen uses a test to determine if the maiden is really a princess. She puts a pea upon a bed. She then puts 20 mattresses and 20 feather beds upon the bed. Here the princess must pass the night.

In the morning, the maiden says that she could not sleep. She says there was something hard in the bed that kept her tossing and turning all night. Everyone now realizes she is a real princess! Only a real princess is so sensitive that she can feel a pea beneath a huge pile of bedding!


 

The Rev

James "Jimmy" Owen Sullivan (February 9, 1981 – December 28, 2009), also known by his stage name The Rev, was an American musician best known as a co-founder and drummer of heavy metal band Avenged Sevenfold. 

Sullivan was also the lead vocalist and pianist in the side-project Pinkly Smooth along with Synyster Gates.

He was born in Huntington Beach, California and started playing the drums when he was 10 years old. Before he joined Avenged Sevenfold, he was a member of the third wave ska band Suburban Legends. The last album that Sullivan was featured on was "Nightmare" which was released on July 27, 2010.

On the morning of December 28, 2009, Sullivan was found dead in his Huntington Beach home. Toxicology results later revealed that his death was from an overdose of Oxycodone, oxymorphone, diazepam, nordiazepam and alcohol. The coroner also said that an enlarged heart may have played a role in his death.

Loftus Road

Loftus Road is a football stadium in Shepherd's Bush, West London. It is the home of Queens Park Rangers F.C..

Chrissy Amphlett

Christine Joy "Chrissy" Amphlett (25 October 1959 – 21 April 2013) was an Australian singer who was the lead singer of the rock band Divinyls. She had many hits with the group and in solo. 

Amphlett was born in Geelong, Victoria, Australia. She died from breast cancer. She also had multiple sclerosis. She died in New York City at age 53.

Father Divine

Father Divine (c. 1876September 10, 1965), also known as Reverend M. J. Divine, was an African American spiritual leader from about 1907 until his death. His full self-given name was Reverend Major Jealous Divine, and he was also known as "the Messenger" early in his life. He founded the International Peace Mission movement, formulated its doctrine, and oversaw its growth from a small and predominantly black congregation into a multiracial and international church.

Father Divine claimed to be God. Some people who lived at the same time claimed he was a charlatan; others say he was one of the first modern cult leaders. Father Divine made numerous contributions toward his followers' economic independence and racial equality. Father Divine was a contemporary of other religious leaders at that time such as Daddy Grace, Charles Harrison Mason, Noble Drew Ali and James F. Jones, also known as Prophet Jones. Another minister by the name of Jones would play an important part in a brief struggle to gain control of the Peace Mission following Divine's death - Jim Jones, of the 'apostolic socialist' movement Peoples Temple.

Defiance (2008 movie)

Defiance is a 2008 American war-drama movie. The movie directed by Edward Zwick. The movie stars Daniel Craig, Liev Schreiber, Jamie Bell and Mia Wasikowska. 
Inspired by a true story, director Edward Zwick's epic World War II drama Defiance tells the tale of three Jewish Eastern European brothers (Daniel Craig, Liev Schreiber, and Jamie Bell) who narrowly escape certain death at the hands of the Nazis, subsequently vowing to avenge the deaths of their loves ones by launching a desperate battle against the forces that seek to exterminate their entire race. The year is 1941, and the setting is Nazi-occupied Belarus. The Final Solution is in full effect, and the Jews of Eastern Europe are being slaughtered wholesale. Tuvia, Zus and Asael have miraculously managed to escape into the dense surrounding forest. Having played in these woods since childhood, the brothers have a distinct advantage over their adversaries, and soon decide that simply surviving is not enough. In order to make a difference, they must take action, but in order to take action they will need support. As whispers of their bravery take wind, others like them appear determined to lay their lives on the line for the cause of freedom. Tuvia has become the de facto leader of the group, but he's still somewhat reluctant to take on such a heavy responsibility and his brother Zus expresses concern that his idealistic plan will ultimately bring about the group's downfall. With winter setting in, everyone works to create a functioning community that will help them endure the frigid months that lie ahead, and Asael reluctantly finds himself caught in the crossfire of his older siblings' rivalry. Is it possible to keep faith alive in a time when the world seems devoid of humanity and survival becomes a way of life? 

Ruby (disambiguation)

A ruby is a red gemstone.

Ruby may also refer to:



Ruby (programming language)

Ruby is the name of a programming language that was created in the mid-1990s by Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto in Japan. Like other programming languages, such as Python, its structure (the way it works) is very similar to the English language. It has these qualities:


Many programmers like it because the creator tried to make it easy and nice to use.

Ruby on Rails (RoR) is a web application framework that is implemented using the Ruby language.

An example Hello World program in Ruby:

puts "Hello World!"

An example program in Ruby that asks for your name and then says it:

puts "What's your name?"
name = gets.chomp
puts "Ah hello there, #{name}"

A function in Ruby that joins the 2 strings (or arrays/integers) into one, removes all numbers from it, capitalizes the string and then repeats it 5 times:

def somefunction(arg1, arg2) # creates a function with 2 arguments. the args can be called anything
end
somefunction("h1e2l6lo7,"," W5o6r8l9d!3") # does the function

Output:

Hello, World!
Hello, World!
Hello, World!
Hello, World!
Hello, World!


Hurricane Earl (2010)

Hurricane Earl was an intense and long-lived hurricane that was also the first such storm to threaten New England since Hurricane Bob nineteen years earlier. The storm's center passed eighty six miles east of North Carolina on September 3, 2010. The storm then moved northeast, eventually being downgraded to tropical storm status and then becoming a hurricane again shortly before the storm made landfall in Nova Scotia. Before lashing the eastern United States, the hurricane passed extremely close to the Leeward Islands; the damage there totaled $40 million (2010 USD).

The Snow Queen

"The Snow Queen" is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen. It was first published 21 December 1844 with "The Fir Tree" in "New Fairy Tales" "(Nye Eventyr)". It is one of Andersen's longest stories and is divided into seven chapters. It tells the story of a mirror fashioned by demons that is shattered. A piece of the glass enters the eye and the heart of a little boy named Kai. He is carried by the Snow Queen to her palace in the far north. He is rescued by his friend Gerda. His vision and his heart are restored. The story was adapted to movies and television. It is also in the book the land of stories the enchantress returns.

 

Province of Zara

The Italian Province of Zara (1941-1943) was an administrative section of the Governorate of Dalmatia. It was created during World War II by the Italian government with "Regio Decreto Legge" of May 18, 1941.

The Province of Zara was part of the Italian Governorate of Dalmatia and had an area of 3,179 km² with a population of 211,900 inhabitants. It had included the two main cities of Zara (Zadar) and Sebenico (Sibenik).

The province bordered the Independent State of Croatia and to the south the Province of Spalato. The "Capoluogo" (administrative center) was Zara, where there was the "Tribunal" and the main administrative offices.

There were 20 municipalities (called in Italian: Comuni):



The province was an enlargement of the "Territory of Zara" obtained by the Kingdom of Italy after WWI. Indeed in 1937 this small territory had an area of just 110.21 km² and a population of 25,000 inhabitants, concentrated in the city of Zara.



Gingerbread Man (fairy tale)

"The Gingerbread Man" (sometimes, "The Gingerbread Boy") is an American fairy tale. It is a variant of the European runaway pancake story. The American version first appeared in the May 1875 issue of" St. Nicholas Magazine". The story tells of a Gingerbread Man who runs away from the old woman who baked him. He is chased by several people and animals. A crafty fox finally eats him. The tale is known for the title character's chant: "Run, run, run as fast as you can! / You can't catch me, I'm the Gingerbread Man!" Gingerbread men were popular characters in children's stories of the late 19th century. The most notable gingerbread character was L. Frank Baum's John Dough. The Gingerbread Man is also in the commonly known movie "Shrek."

Richie Havens

Richard "Richie" Havens (January 21, 1941 – April 22, 2013) or Richard P. Havens; was an American folk singer and guitarist who performed at Woodstock 1969. He also performed cover versions of famous popular songs. 

Havens was born on January 21, 1941 in Brooklyn, New York City. He died due to a heart attack in Jersey City, New Jersey, April 22, 2013 at 72.


Jessica McClure

Jessica McClure Morales (March 26, 1986), better called Baby Jessica, became famous at eighteen months because of an ordeal in Midland, Texas in which she tumbled into a well on Wednesday, October 14, 1987. Between then and October 16, workers spent almost 58 hours to free her from the 8 inch wide well casing 22 feet below the ground. This story gained worldwide attention, and became the subject of a television movie two years following the incident.

GoldenEye 007 (2010 video game)

GoldenEye 007 is a first-person shooter video game for the Nintendo Wii and Nintendo DS. It is a modern retelling of the "GoldenEye" movie, and a remake of the 1997 Nintendo 64 game "GoldenEye 007". It was released in North America on November 2, 2010, in Europe on November 5, 2010, and in Japan on June 30, 2011. The game's main character is James Bond, Agent 007. A version of the game with better graphics and sound titled "GoldenEye 007: Reloaded" was released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in 2011.

While keeping the same gameplay as the Nintendo 64's "GoldenEye 007", modern elements of first-person shooter games such as environments that can be destroyed and a health meter that fills up after a while of not taking damage are added to the game. Levels from the Nintendo 64's "GoldenEye 007" have been changed due to the game's changed storyline. Players can use the Wii Remote and Nunchuk combination, the Wii Zapper, Classic Controller, Classic Controller Pro, or Nintendo GameCube controller.

The game features both local multiplayer for four players and online multiplayer for up to eight players. Online play is done through the free Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection service.

Constitution of Japan

The Constitution of Japan is the legal document that lays out the rules of how Japan is governed. It dates 3 November 1946 on creation and from 3 May 1947 it entered into force, when it replaced the earlier Meiji Constitution, by legal process of earlier Constitution. This Constitution consists Preamble, affirming that Japanese people should contribute for all human being to live in peace and tolerance, free from fear and want and 11 Chapters, and contrary to former Constitution, it ensure all human rights as unalienable, both civil rights and economic, social and cultural rights (at Chapter III), Article 98 affirms that any laws or orders against the Constitution are invalid and international law must be earnestly observed, Article 99 says that Empire and all public sector have duty to respect and observe the Constitution and the Article 9 of Chapter II prohibits all war and army for purpose of making war. 

Jiminto wants to change it.


Italian irredentism in Dalmatia

Italian irredentism in Dalmatia is related to the tentative of accession to Italy of coastal Dalmatia, promoted by the Dalmatian Italians from the Napoleonic era to World War II.

With the rise of the Risorgimento, in all Italian areas that were excluded from the unification of Italy (and with Italian majority population) started to be widely diffused the Italian movement called "Irredentism".

In the case of Dalmatia, after Napoleon, there was the development of Slav nationalism against Italian irredentism. But until 1848 there was still some convergence between these two ethnic groups, in order to create an independent Dalmatia inside the Hapsburg Empire.

Dalmatian Italians always felt connected to the Italian Risorgimento, and among them were widely followed the ideas, intentions and ideals that flourished in the Peninsula. At Zara, in 1822, the Imperial Government made an 'Inquisition of State' to twenty-five Dalmatian Italians "Carbonari", another twenty-five were "persecuted" and sixty declared "suspicious." One of the supporters of this initial irredentism was Niccolo Tommaseo, born in Sebenico. He was an Italian Dalmatian linguist, journalist and essayist who become internationally famous because editor of the first Dizionario della Lingua Italiana.

In 1848, many young Italians from Istria and Dalmatia formed a 'Legion', crossed the Adriatic, and fought with Niccolo Tommaseo for the "Republic of Venice". And in the same year, six Dalmatian Italians also fought for the "Roman Republic". One of them was Federico Seismit-Doda from Ragusa, who became a member of the Italian Parliament and even Finance Minister of the Kingdom of Italy under Benedetto Cairoli (1878) and Francesco Crispi (1889–1890). In the battle of Curtatone, as a first lieutenant of the Battalion 'Bande Nere', fought against the Austrians the Dalmatian Giurovich Marino: he was killed by the Austrian soldiers in Livorno as a promoter of the ideals of Giuseppe Mazzini. Twenty were the Dalmatians in the Italian independence war of 1859-1860 enrolled in the Italian army, or in the red shirts of Giuseppe Garibaldi. Among others, Marco Cossovich, a former lieutenant of the "Guardia Nobile" for the protection of Venice, fought in Calatafimi and Palermo: one of the few that Garibaldi recalled by name in his book "I Mille". In the third Italian war of Independence, George Caravan from Tenin (near Zara), commanded the 5th Regiment of Grenadiers; after promotion, he became adjutant general of the King of Italy Umberto I.

With the battle of Lissa, part of Third Italian War of Independence, in 1866 began a period of open hostility against the Dalmatian Italians by the Austrians, who favored the Croatian part because on their side.

The historian Matteo Bartoli in his book "The language of the Italian Venezia Giulia and Dalmatia", wrote that:

The most renowned Dalmatian Italian in those years was Antonio Bajamonti, the last Italian mayor of Spalato. He spent his entire life and his own activity for this city, but his economic expenses were never reimbursed by the Austrians despite repeated promises. He was a moderate irredentist who was the propeller of important public works in his city, including the introduction of lighting gas, building the aqueduct and the hospital, creating technical schools, and doing the foundation of the Dalmatian Bank. For his initiative Split was also given a square surrounded by galleries. His most famous work was the construction of the big fountain that was named later after him. Three months later after the second opening of the fountain, Antonio Bajamonti died (the fountain was destroyed in 1947 by Yugoslav authorities who considered it as a symbol of fascism and Italian domination of the city). He created the Società Politica Dalmata in 1886 in order to defend the Italian characteristics of Spalato but died at age 69 in 1891 with debt up to his neck.

Another famous Dalmatian irredentist was Arturo Colautti. He was a writer and journalist who -from his native Zara- relocated to Spalato in 1876, where he founded the magazine of culture and literature, "Rivista Dalmatica". The magazine did not last long, because strongly pro-Italian and related to Antonio Bajamonti. In the same year, he was asked to direct "L'Avvenire" and, from 1876 al 1880, he developed it as an irredentist newspaper. Following the publication of an anti-Austrian article on his newspaper, in September 1880, Colautti was attacked by a group of Croatian soldiers who rendered him impaired for a few months. Shortly after, also because of the threat of a lawsuit for crimes against the stringent Austrian press laws and for his support of Italian irredentism, Colautti chose the path of exile and took refuge in the Kingdom of Italy (where he strongly supported the intervention of Italy in World War I).

In 1885 a group of young Dalmatian Italians created a sort of secret pact that pledged to fight on a united front against the government of Vienna. They chose to use all legal means available. They were: John Marino Bonda Avoscan (from Ragusa), Stefano Smerchinich (from Curzola) and Ercolano Salvi Pezzoli Leonardo (from Premuda), John Lubin (from Trau), Emanuele Fenzi and Louise Pini (from Sebenico), Christmas Krekich, Luigi and Roberto Ziliotto Ghiglianovich (from Zara), all representatives of the Italian irredentistm with the most sincere patriotism. The same (precisely Ghiglianovich, Krekich, Lubin, Pini, Salvi, Ziliotto, Smerchinich) in 1919, during the crisis in the city of Fiume (Rijeka), wrote the articles "Application of the Dalmatians" and "Cry of Sebenico" published on 2 October by the national newspaper ""The national responsibility"" (according to one of the few Italian newspapers promoting the union of Dalmatia to Italy).

In the late nineteenth century were created in Dalmatia some Italian cultural associations, as the irredentist "Philological circle" in Ragusa and the "National Union Committee," the "Diadora" and "Iuventus Iadertina" in Zara. Also active in these years was the "National Association" in Spalato, based on the Bajamonti theater, which was set on fire (officially by unknown people) in 1893. In Spalato, the city of Emperor Diocletian, in the year 1910 there were 1,046 Italians officially counted when in the same year more than 3,000 were enrolled in the cultural and patriotic public association "Dante Alighieri." In Zara a group, under the leadership of irredentists Desanti and Boxich (dissatisfied followers of the "Dalmatian Autonomist Party" of Luigi Ziliotto), founded the newspaper "Il Risorgimento" in 1908, promoting openly the unification to Italy of Dalmatia, but was closed in 1914.

About 3,500 Italians in Dalmatia during World War I took refuge as exiles in Italy. They were led by Antonio Cippico, Alessandro, and Roberto Dudan Ghiglianovich: more than 250 volunteers enrolled in the Italian army and risked the gallows, as when the Austrians killed Francesco Rismondo (executed in Gorizia in 1915 and active member of the irredentist organization "Pro Patria" in Spalato). To Francesco Rismondo the Kingdom of Italy awarded the Gold Medal of Military Valor.

The number of volunteers from the remote ports of Montenegro (as Cattaro, Castelnuovo di Cattaro, and Perasto) appears very high in proportion to the total number of enrolled in the Italian Army. In fact, these volunteers in Spalato, Cattaro, Ragusa, Perasto, Castelnuovo di Cattaro, Trau, and Macarsca (not less than 90 in total, almost half of all volunteers in Dalmatia) fought in Italy despite the "Treaty of London", which categorically excluded the possible "Redemption" and annexation to Italy of their cities.

Dalmatian Italians obtained their "Redenzione" (meaning redemption or union to Italy) in the years following the Italian victory in World War I. In the peace treaty, the territory of Zara and some Dalmatian islands (Cherso, Lussino and Lagosta) was united to the Kingdom of Italy. But the full agreements reached in 1915 in the Treaty of London were not respected by the Allies, because of the opposition from US president Woodrow Wilson. This created huge resentment, that was pinpointed in the phrase "Vittoria mutilata" (mutilated victory) created by the nationalist D'Annunzio.

As a direct consequence in 1920 Gabriele D'Annunzio made his famous Occupation of Fiume. The so-called "Poeta imaginífico" did a dramatic attack with paramilitaries and a group of "Legionnaires" from the Italian city of Monfalcone and occupied the city of Fiume, which the Allied powers had assigned to Italy as the winner of the war. With this gesture D'Annunzio reached the pinnacle of the process of building their own personal and political myth. D'Annunzio personally entered Fiume with a column of Dalmatian Italian volunteers (mostly irredentist).

On 12 November 1920 was signed the Treaty of Rapallo: Fiume became a free city (Free State of Fiume), while Zara was given to Italy. But D'Annunzio did not accept the agreement and the Italian Government, on 26 December 1920, evicted from Fiume the Legionaries by force. Fiume and the more northern islands of Dalmatia were incorporated in 1924 to the Kingdom of Italy, thanks to the large contribution of the Italian irredentists in town.

Even in Trau the irredentists attempted to repeat what D'Annunzio did in Fiume: the local Count Farfogna in September 1919 occupied Trau with some Italian troops, but the Us intervention blocked him. Other problems arose in Spalato in 1920, in the so-called Incidents of Spalato.

The irredentist aspiration of the Dalmatian Italians was fully met when Yugoslavia in April 1941 was conquered and occupied by Italy and Germany. At the end of that month almost all of the Dalmatian coast, with the major cities of Spalato, Sebenico, and Cattaro was annexed to Italy with the name Governatorate of Dalmatia. The coastal area between Fiume and Segna was not incorporated in the Governorate and went to the fascist Croatia of Ante Pavelić (although it was controlled militarily by the Italian army). Even the area around Ragusa was theoretically Croatian, but the Italians ruled everything in the city, opening even Italian schools.

The Governorate was divided between the three provinces of Zara, Spalato, and Cattaro. Many families of Dalmatian Italians were forced to move to Italy after World War in these provinces (mainly in order to administer it).

Though Italy had initially larger territorial aims that extended from the Velebit mountains to the Albanian Alps, Mussolini decided against annexing further territories due to a number of factors. One was that Dalmatian irredentists like Antonio Tacconi complained that a larger annexation would have included hundreds of thousands of Slavs, who were partially hostile to Italy within the enlarged national borders.

But this "Redemption" (as was called by the Dalmatian Italians) lasted only a few years: with the defeat of Italy in World War II the Italians of Istria and Dalmatia were expelled 'en masse' during the Istrian-Dalmatian exodus (while Zara was fully destroyed by Allies bombings promoted by Tito and later nicknamed the "Italian Dresden" by Enzo Bettiza).



Romans in sub-Saharan Africa

Roman expeditions to Lake Chad and western Africa were a group of military and commercial expeditions conducted by the Roman Empire across the Sahara Desert, into the interior of Africa and along its coasts. They were made by the Roman Empire between the first and the fourth century. One of the main reasons of the explorations, according to academics like Jonathan Roth, was to procure gold and spices

The Romans organized expeditions to cross the Sahara desert with five different routes:

All these expeditions were supported by legionaries and we're mainly for commercial purposes. Only the expedition conducted during emperor Nero's reign is seen as a preparative for the subsequent conquest of Ethiopia or Nubia. In 62 CE, two legionaries explored the sources of the Nile river.

The primary reason for these explorations was to obtain gold and used the camels to transport it.

The explorations near the African western and eastern coasts were supported by ships and deeply related to the naval commerce (mainly toward the Indian Ocean).

The first Roman expedition was done by Lucius Cornelius Balbus, following Augustus' wish to expand his Empire. In 19 BCE, he conquered the Garamantes (who lived in the Fezzan of Libya) and sent an expedition under Septimus Flaccus south across the Tibesti mountains, reaching the River Niger.

Gaius Suetonius Paulinus conducted another expedition in the Western Sahara and Mauretania in 41 CE. He reached the northern area of the Senegal river and potentially the western Niger river's affluents.

In 41 CE, Suetonius Paullinus led the first Roman military force across the Atlas Mountains. At the end of a ten day march, he reached the summit. From there, the force crossed the desert, the Gerj River, and then moved into the country of the Canarii and Perorsi, not far distant from the Pharusii and the river Daras (modern river Senegal). Evidence (coins, fibulas) dated to the First Century indicates Roman commerce and contacts in Akjoujt and Tamkartkart, near Tichit in modern day Mauritania.

The third was conducted by Julius Maternus, a Roman explorer who reached the Lake Chad area during a four-month long expedition.

The eastern Sahara expedition was promoted by the emperor Nero, to discover the sources of the Nile River. Seneca wrote that around 62 CE, Nero sent legionaries to the city of Meroe in Nubia in order to explore all the Nile southward from that capital. Another expedition was recorded by Plinius the Elder in 68 CE. This expedition resulted in the first Europeans to reach the interior of equatorial Africa. It probably lasted several months, bypassed the Sudanese swamps and possibly reached the northern portion of present-day Uganda.

The western coast of Africa was explored after the conquest of northern Morocco (then called "Mauretania Tingitana"). The Roman vassal king, Juba II, organized successful trade from the area of Volubilis. Pliny the Elder, drawing upon the accounts of Juba II, stated that a Roman expedition from Mauritania visited the Canaries and Madeira around 10 CE and found great ruins and only dogs (from those animals he called the islands, using the latin word "canarius" or "canis" for dog).

According to Pliny the Elder, an expedition of Mauretanians sent by Juba II visited the islands. Juba II dispatched a contingent to re-open the dye production facility at Mogador (historical name of Essaouira, Morocco) in the early 1st Century and subsequently explored the Canary Islands, Madeira, and possibly the Cape Verde islands, using Mogador as their base.

According to Pliny the Elder, the Greek Xenophon of Lampsacus stated that the Gorgades (Cape Verde islands) were situated two days from "Hesperu Ceras" (today called Cap-Vert), the westernmost part of the African continent, showing a knowledge of the area by the Romans. He also wrote that the sea voyage time to the Gorgades (Cape Verde islands) and the islands of the Ladies of the West ("Hesperides", modern day São Tomé and Príncipe and Fernando Po) was around 40 days. This has generated academic discussions about the possibility of further Roman travels toward modern day Guinea and even the Gulf of Guinea. A Roman coin of the emperor Trajan has been found in Congo.

Aelius Gallus, in 25 BCE, led an expedition across the Red Sea against the Sabaeans of Arabia Felix (modern Yemen). In order to control Sabaea, the Romans took control of both sides of the entrance to the Red Sea, the Bab-el-Mandeb strait. Cornelius Gallus established a garrison at Arsinoe (near Assab, in modern Eritrea) on the Ethiopian shore. This was the only Roman outpost in eastern Africa, south of Egypt and lasted a few decades.

In 1 BCE, Augustus decided that the circumnavigation of Africa should be attempted. Two naval outposts were established on the Atlantic coast of Africa. One was located at Sala, near present Rabat, and the second was at Mogador in southern Maroc (north of Agadir). The island of Mogador prospered for the local exploitation of purple (highly esteemed in imperial Rome) until the during the reign of Septimius Severus. Based upon the discovery of a sunken merchant ship from southern Spain in the Djibuti area, Augustus also wanted to organize an expedition from Egypt to Mogador and Sala.

The eastern coast of Africa, south of Egypt, was at the center of a huge sea commerce between Rome and India through the Somali coast. Works, such as the Periplus of the Erythraean Sea and Ptolomey's "Geography", list a string of market places along this coast. Finds of Roman-era coins along the coast confirm the existence of this trade that extended to the area of modern day even Tanzania. "Geography" references the town of Rhapta as metropolis of a political entity called Azania. Archaeologists have not yet succeeded in identifying the location of Rhapta, though many believe it lies deeply buried in the silt of the delta of the Rufiji River.

Felix Chami has found archaeological evidence for extensive Roman trade on Mafija island near the Kenyan coast and on the African mainland, near the mouth of the Rufiji River and the northern Mozambique coast, which he dated to the first few centuries CE.

Roman coins have been found in the area of modern day Zimbabwe and Madagascar, suggesting that Roman vessels sailed south of Azania toward the area of the gold mines of the Zambesi river and the legendary Greater Zimbabwe kingdom.


The Little Match Girl

"The Little Match Girl" is a story by Hans Christian Andersen. It was first published in December 1845. Andersen got the idea to write the story after seeing a print by Johan Thomas Lundbye of a little girl selling matches. The story has been adapted to various media including an animated movie.

A little match girl in poverty lights all the matches she carries to keep herself warm on a cold New Year's Eve. Afraid of beating by her father when she could not sell any match, she could not return home. In the glow of the firelight, she sees wonderful visions of a Christmas tree and a festive dinner. In the sky, she sees a shooting star, which her late grandmother had told means someone is on their way to Heaven. The last vision is her dead grandmother, the only person to ever show her any love. The little match girl dies in the cold, and ascends into Heaven with her grandmother.


The Steadfast Tin Soldier

"The Steadfast Tin Soldier" is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen. The story was first published in Copenhagen, Denmark by C.A. Reitzel on 2 October 1838 in the first booklet of "Fairy Tales Told for Children." The booklet includes Andersen's "The Daisy" and "The Wild Swans". The story was Andersen’s first story not based upon a folk tale or a literary model. "The Steadfast Tin Soldier" has been adapted to various media including ballet and animated movie. 

The story tells of a tin soldier who loves a paper ballerina. He falls from the window in the toy room. After many adventures, he is returned to the toy room. A little boy throws the tin soldier in the fire. A breeze blows the paper ballerina into the fire. The two toys are destroyed together.

Joan G. Haahr writes in "The Oxford Companion to Fairy Tales": "The story is unusual among Andersen's early tales, both in its emphasis on sensual desire and in its ambiguities. Blind fate, not intention, determines all events. Moreover, the narrative questions the very decorum it praises. The tin soldier's passive acceptance of whatever happens to him, while exemplifying pietistic ideals of self-denial, also contributes to his doom. Were he to speak and act, the soldier might gain both life and love. Restrained, however, by inhibition and convention, he finds only tragedy and death. The tale is often read autobiographically, with the soldier viewed as symbolizing Andersen's feelings of inadequacy with women, his passive acceptance of bourgeois class attitudes, or his sense of alienation as an artist and an outsider, from full participation in everyday life."


Haley Bennett

Haley Bennett (born January 7, 1988) is an American singer and actress. Her movies include "The Haunting of Molly Hartley" and "Music and Lyrics By". She was born in Fort Myers, Florida. Bennett also acted in other movies.


Jessica Poland

Jessica Charlotte Poland (born January 15, 1988), also known by her stage names JPOLND, Charlotte Sometimes, and Laces, is an American singer-songwriter. She is from New York State. She grew up around New Jersey.

Poland has had four EPs and a full-length studio album.

Turpan

Turpan, also referred to Turfan or Tulufan in Chinese, is an oasis county-level city in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China.

Historically, Turpan is an important ancient stop on the Silk Road in China. Turpan means 'the lowest place' in Uygur and 'the fertile land' in Turki. Now the city is a tourist spot with unique landscape, abundant historical relics and fertile farmland.


Ürümqi

Ürümqi is the capital city of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region (East Turkestan) in northwest China. It is at the foot of the Tianshan Mountains.

With a population of two million people, this prairie city is a major hub on the ancient Silk Road , leading to Central Asia and even as far as Europe. It developed its reputation as a leading cultural and commercial center during the Qing Dynasty.

Ürümqi, whose name means "beautiful pasture" in the Mongolian language of the Dzungar people, is the largest city in China's western interior. Since the 1990s Ürümqi has developed economically and is now a regional transport node, cultural, and commercial centre.


Visual poetry

Visual poetry is poetry in which the typographical arrangement of words and images is important in conveying the intended effect. It was influenced by Fluxus, the international artistic movement of the 1960s, well known for blending different disciplines and artistic media.



Billy The Kid (book)

Billy the Kid is the story of a boy who has a dream to become a professional footballer. The book was published in 2000 and was written by Michael Morpurgo. It is illustrated by Michael Foreman.

Most of the book is set during World War II. Throughout the story, Billy, the main character, has to cope with a lot of sadness and loss. Whilst playing football in the local park, he is scouted by the club of his dreams: Chelsea FC. But his mood quickly changes when his brother dies in the war. This persuades Billy to join the army.

The idea for the book came about when Michael Foreman took Michael Morpurgo to a Chelsea game and pointed out the Chelsea pensioners, who get free tickets for every game. Morpurgo was fascinated to learn that one pensioner chose to pay for his ticket still so he could sit with the same fans he did during his childhood.

Mimaropa

MIMAROPA, also known as Southern Tagalog Islands, is a region of the Philippines. It was also called Region IV-B. The provinces of the region are Occidental Mindoro, Oriental Mindoro, Marinduque, Romblon, and Palawan. The capital is Calapan.

Puerto Princesa Subterranean River National Park and El Nido Marine Reserve Park are in the region.
The MIMAROPA region was created by Executive Order No. 103 in 2002.

Palawan

Palawan () is a province of the Philippines. It is in the western MIMAROPA region.

The province includes many local governments.




Kalayaan, Palawan

Kalayaan is a Philippine municipality in the province of Palawan. It is in the eastern part of the South China Sea.

In 1978, the Presidential Decree No. 1596 established the municipality as part of Palawan.

Control of the seas around Kalayaan is disputed. The 2010 Philippine census identifies a population of 200+ people.

Kalayaan is in the eastern part of the South China Sea. The Phillipines claims that these mostly uninhabited off-shore islands are in an area which is distinct from the Spratly Islands.

Kalayaan has a land area of approximately 85 hectares.


San Diego Convention Center

The San Diego Convention Center is the main convention center in San Diego, California. It is in the Marina district of downtown San Diego. The center is managed by the San Diego Convention Center Corporation.

The convention center has of exhibit area. As of 2009 it was the 24th largest convention center in North America. It was designed by Canadian architect Arthur Erickson. The building can hold 125,000 people.

The center's best known feature is the Sails Pavilion. It is a exhibit and special event area. The Sails Pavilion's roof includes Teflon-coated fiberglass "sails". They are intended to show San Diego's maritime history. The Pavilion was first built as an open-air facility under the roof. This made it hard to get people to use it. Because of this, the Pavilion area was enclosed in glass. This made it much more usable.

San Diego approved the construction of a new convention center in 1983. It was built on land owned by the Port of San Diego. Construction of the building began in March 1987 and was finished in November 1989. The center was made larger in September 2001 by doubling its square footage.

Notable events hosted at the convention center include the Comic Con International convention. It hosted the 1996 Republican National Convention, which nominated Bob Dole and Jack Kemp for President and Vice President of the United States.


List of ports in England

This is a list of the seaports of England, clockwise, starting from the Scottish border.

Listed clockwise around the English coast from the Scottish border.








Burning of Jaffna Public Library

The burning of the Jaffna Public Library () was an attack at the central library in the city of Jaffna, Sri Lanka. It was one of the events that led up to the Sri Lankan Civil War. The first attack on the library building was on 1 June 1981. A group of Sinhalese rioters burned the library that was one of the important libraries in Sri Lanka and one of the biggest in Asia. 

This was one of the most violent examples of ethnic-based book burnings of the 20th century. At the time of its destruction, the library was one of the biggest in Asia, containing over 97,000 books and manuscripts. 

In 1984 the library was repaired. However, the civil war had begun the previous year. The building was burned several times during the years of fighting, until 1998 when the president tried to make peace between the Sinhalese and Tamil sides. In 2003 the rebuilt library reopened again.


List of Mayflower passengers

The "Mayflower" was a ship which is famous for its sailing to North America in 1620 bringing pilgrims and other settlers to create the Plymouth colony in Massachusetts.

This is a list of the passengers who traveled on that voyage in 1620. Some of these people were looking for a new home so that they could practice their own religion. Others were passengers who came for other reasons.


Thirteen of the eighteen persons in this category were attached to Pilgrim families, the other five were with non-Pilgrim families. Four of those listed here were small children, given over by Samuel More to Thomas Weston and then to agents John Carver and Robert Cushman, who assigned them to senior Mayflower Pilgrims to be classed as indentured servants. 


In all, there were 102 passengers on the Mayflower - 74 males and 28 females


At least two dogs are known to have participated in the settling of Plymouth. Edward Winslow writes that a female dog which is called an English Mastiff, and a small English Springer Spaniel came ashore on the first explorations of what is now Provincetown, Massachusetts. There may have been other animals on the "Mayflower", but only these two dogs had been mentioned.

Polk County, Iowa

Polk County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, 492,401 people lived there. It the most populous county in Iowa. The county seat is Des Moines. Des Moines is also the capital city of Iowa. Polk County is one of the five counties that make up the Des Moines-West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Polk County was formed on January 13, 1846. It was named after President James K. Polk. The first courthouse was built in 1846. Construction of a second courthouse was begun in 1858. It was finished in 1866.

The county has a total area of . Of this, (or 96.19%) is land and (or 3.81%) is water. The county is bisected by the Des Moines River



Book of hours

A book of hours is a breviary containing prayers, Psalms, antiphons, and other materials to be recited at the canonical hours. These books were popular during the Middle Ages for common use among the nobility and the clergy. One of the most famous is the "Très Riches Heures du duc de Berry".

Breviary

A breviary is a liturgical book that contains the Divine Office assigned to the canonical hours. They must be recited by those in religious orders.

Defender of the Faith

Defender of the Faith (Latin: Fidei Defensor) is a title belonging to the leader of the Church of England. It was originally conferred upon King Henry VIII of England by Pope Leo X on 11 October 1521 as a reward for the king having written a pamphlet in defense of the sacraments against Martin Luther ("Declaration of the Seven Sacraments Against Martin Luther"). King James V of Scotland received a similar title from Pope Paul III. 

When Henry broke with the Roman Catholic Church, Pope Paul III took the title away. It was returned to the king by Parliament in 1544. The abbreviation Fid. Def. or the letters F.D. have appeared on British coinage from the time of George I. Defender of the Faith is a title still carried by British monarchs.

Johnson County, Kansas

Johnson County (county code JO) is a county in northeast Kansas. The county is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. It contains many of the richer suburbs of Kansas City. As of the 2020 census, 609,863 people lived there. Its county seat is Olathe. The most populous city is Overland Park.

In 2010, "Money" magazine ranked Overland Park 7th and Shawnee 17th in its list of the 100 Best Cities in the United States in which to live. In 2008 the same magazine had ranked Olathe 11th.

Johnson County is named for Thomas Johnson. It was one of the first counties in the Kansas Territory in 1855. The well known gunfighter Wild Bill Hickok lived in the county for a time. He was the constable of Monticello Township in 1858. Johnson County was the site of many battles dealing with slavery during Bleeding Kansas.

The county was mostly rural until the early 20th century. There was a large amount of urban development from 1914 though World War II. After the war, the development grew even greater.

Johnson County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986.

The county has a total area of . Of this, (or 99.30%) is land, and (or 0.70%) is water.


Name and population (2020 Census):

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Cities included in Shawnee Mission. The main Shawnee Mission post office is in Mission.


Johnson County was divided into nine townships. Two of these no longer exist. They were made part of independent municipalities. All of the cities are considered "governmentally independent". They are not included in the census numbers for the townships.


Epistolary

Epistolary is something written in the form of a letter. It may refer to the following art forms:

Lady chapel

A Lady chapel is a small chapel dedicated to the Virgin Mary. It can also be called Mary chapel or a Marian chapel.

Lammas Day

Lammas Day is August 1. It is an old and seldom used name for the feast of Saint Peter-in-Chains.


Epic Mickey

Epic Mickey is a platform video game for the Nintendo Wii game console. It was developed by Junction Point Studios and published by Disney Interactive Studios. It was released in Europe on November 26, 2010, in North America on November 30, 2010, and in Japan on August 4, 2011.

The game stars Mickey Mouse, who accidentally damages a world of forgotten Disney characters and concepts. He uses a magic paintbrush to fight enemies. The game is intended to re-brand the Mickey Mouse character by focusing his adventurous side rather than his pleasant, cheerful side, doing so by showing him as an heroic character. The game is darker and more complex than previous Mickey Mouse games. It features the first appearance of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, Disney's first successful cartoon character, as a major character since 1943.

A sequel, "", was released for the Wii, PlayStation Vita, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii U in 2012. And also "" release in 2013, for Nintendo 3DS.


Game &amp; Wario

Game & Wario is a party video game in the "Wario" series released for the Wii U game console. It was developed by Nintendo Software Planning & Development and published by Nintendo. It was released in Japan on March 28, 2013, in North America on June 23, 2013, and in Europe on June 28, 2013. The game has 16 minigames which are played with the Wii U GamePad. Some minigames are single-player games, while others are multiplayer games that can be played with up to five players.



The Fir Tree

"The Fir Tree" is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen. It was published with "The Snow Queen" in Copenhagen, Denmark on 21 December 1844. The story tells of a fir tree unhappy with his life in the forest. He is cut and taken to the city where he becomes a decorated Christmas tree. He is thrilled, but the excitement is shortlived. One day he is discarded.


Jack and the Beanstalk

"Jack and the Beanstalk" is an English fairy tale. The story tells of a boy named Jack who climbs a magic beanstalk and finds treasures that make him rich, including a goose that lays golden eggs. In the process, he defeats a wicked giant. The story first appeared in print about 1730. It has been adapted to various media such as television programs and movies

Sonic Advance

Sonic Advance is a platform video game for the Game Boy Advance game console. It was developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega in Japan, by THQ in North America, and by Infogrammes in Europe and Australia. It was released in Japan on December 20, 2001, in North America on February 4, 2002, and in Europe on March 23, 2002. It is the first "Sonic the Hedgehog" game on the Game Boy Advance, and the second on a Nintendo console. A version titled Sonic N was later released for the N-Gage on October 7, 2003.

The game follows Sonic and his friends as they try to stop Dr. Eggman from taking over South Island. Four characters are playable in the game: Sonic, Tails, Knuckles, and Amy. Each character has their own special ability: Sonic can defeat enemies with a shield attack, Tails can fly, Knuckles can glide and climb on walls, and Amy can attack enemies with her hammer (the other characters defeat enemies by jumping on them). The game marks the first appearance of Amy in a 2D "Sonic" game.

Also featured in the game is the Tiny Chao Garden. Here, players raise a creature called a Chao as a digital pet. Rings that players collect in the main game can be used to buy things such as fruit and toys.


Lauren Storm

Lauren Marlene Storm (born January 2, 1987) is an American actress. She acts in movies and television. She played Taylor Hagen in the TV show "Flight 29 Down". She played Teresa Kilmer in the 2009 movie "I Love You, Beth Cooper". Storm was born in Chicago. She is also a painter.

Equalization (audio)

In sound recording, equalization is the process commonly used to change the frequency response of an audio system using linear filters. An equalizer is the device which is used to control the frequencies. Using an equalizer, different bands of sound (range of frequencies) can be adjusted to output at a lower output volume or higher output volume depending on what the user selects.

Rocky Balboa (movie)

Rocky Balboa (also known as Rocky VI) is the sixth and final movie in the Rocky series, written, directed by and starring Sylvester Stallone. It is also the sequel to "Rocky V".

Dani Filth

Dani Filth (born Daniel Lloyd Davey, born 25 July 1973) is an English singer. He is the founder and lead singer of the extreme metal band Cradle of Filth. 

He co-wrote a book with Gavin Baddeley titled "The Gospel of Filth" which documented the history of the band. He also appeared in the movie "Cradle of Fear" where he portrayed The Man. He has been accused of being a Satanist, but denounced the claims and said that he was "more of a Luciferian". He was ranked at #95 in the "Top 100 Heavy Metal Vocalists" by Hit Parader.


Scott Stapp

Scott Alan Stapp (born Anthony Scott Flippen, born August 8, 1973) is an American musician. He is the founder and lead singer of the rock band Creed. 

He won a Grammy Award with Creed for their 2000 single, "With Arms Wide Open". Throughout his career, he has been involved in many legal troubles and also attempted suicide twice. He credits rapper T.I. for saving his life.

He has since committed himself to sobriety and also shaved his head, which he used to demonstrate his "changed" personality. He was ranked at #68 in the "Top 100 Heavy Metal Vocalists" by Hit Parader.


Abdominal compartment syndrome

Abdominal compartment syndrome occurs when the abdominal cavity (compartment) within the body becomes subject to increased pressure from within. This may be caused by internal bleeding, a blockage or fluid build-up in the intestines, or 'ascites': Fluid accumulated in the peritoneal cavity - the space between the lining of the abdomen (peritoneum) and the abdominal organs (the stomach, small and large intestines, pancreas, liver, and gallbladder).

This increased pressure causes the abdomen to distend or expand, stretching the skin and placing pressure on the abdominal organs, which can constrict the blood vessels which supply them. When the pressure reaches a level above that of the blood supply to the tissues and organs of the abdomen, ischemia will happen leading to organ dysfunction and eventually failure.

An operation called a decompressive laparotomy may need to be performed, where an incision is made to open the abdominal cavity. The incision is typically left open for a period of time to reduce the pressure in the abdomen.

Abdominal compartment syndrome can be divided into three categories:


Vince Neil

Vincent Neil Wharton (born February 8, 1961 in Hollywood, California) is an American musician. He is the lead singer of the heavy metal band Mötley Crüe.

He joined Mötley Crüe in 1981 and released "Too Fast for Love" on November 10, 1981. He then went on to record "Shout at the Devil", "Theatre of Pain", "Girls, Girls, Girls" and "Dr. Feelgood" with Mötley Crüe before both Neil and Mötley Crüe parted ways. He then went on a solo career but rejoined Mötley Crüe when both their fortunes were declining. The band then released "Generation Swine" on June 24, 1997 but there was a lot of tension in the band and Tommy Lee left the band. Lee was replaced by Randy Castillo and the band recorded "New Tattoo" on July 11, 2000. The band went on hiatus after Castillo died of cancer on March 26, 2002. The band then released their ninth studio album "Saints of Los Angeles" on June 24, 2008.

He was ranked at #33 in the "Top 100 Heavy Metal Vocalists" by Hit Parader.


Tower Heist

Tower Heist is a 2011 heist comedy movie directed by Brett Ratner. The movies stars Ben Stiller, Eddie Murphy, Matthew Broderick, and Alan Alda. The movie received mixed reviews. Critic Roger Ebert gave the movie 2.5 out of 4 stars.


Bogotá bag

A Bogotá bag is a sterile plastic bag used to temporarily close incisions in the abdomen. It is generally a sterilized, 3 liter urological irrigation fluid bag, that is sewn to the skin or fascia of the anterior abdominal wall. It is called a 'Bogotá bag' because it was first used by Oswaldo Borraez, a doctor in Bogotá, Colombia.

Temporary abdominal closure techniques are used to postpone definite closure until predisposing factors causing pathologic elevation of intra abdominal pressure are resolved. These techniques include the Bogota bag, absorbable mesh, vacuum pack dressings, the Wittmann patch or velcro burr and the KCI VAC or Abthera dressings.

Temporary abdominal closure techniques are most commonly used in cases of abdominal compartment syndrome in which decompressive laparotomy is necessary to reduce intra abdominal pressure to restore system perfusion. 

The Bogota bag acts as a hermetic barrier that avoids evisceration and loss of fluids. Another advantage to the Bogota bag, is that the abdominal contents can be visually inspected. 

The bogota bag can be used in cases of 'burst abdomen' following laparotomies, especially those using a midline horizontal incision. Burst abdomen is usually characterized by a serosanguinous pink discharge from the wound, 6–8 days after surgery

Allan Arbus

Allan Franklin Arbus (February 15, 1918 – April 19, 2013) was an American actor and photographer. Arbus was known for his role as psychiatrist Dr. Sidney Freedman on the television series "M*A*S*H".

Arbus was born on February 15, 1918 in New York City, New York to a Jewish family. He studied at DeWitt Clinton High School. 

Arbus was married to Diane Arbus from 1941 until they divorced in 1969. They had two children. Then he was married to Mariclare Costello from 1977 until his death in 2013. They had two children. 

Arbus died on April 19, 2013 from heart failure in his home in Los Angeles, California, aged 95.


Westchester County, New York

Westchester County is a county in New York State, at the northern border of New York City. A million people live there. It acts as a suburb of New York, with many of its residents commuting to jobs there. The largest city is Yonkers, and other important cities include White Plains and New Rochelle. The County shares borders with Putnam County to the north, and Fairfield County, Connecticut to the East. The Hudson River is on the west.

Ricky Jay

Richard Jay Potash (June 26, 1946 – November 24, 2018), known professionally as Ricky Jay, was an American stage magician, actor, and writer.

In a profile for the "New Yorker", Mark Singer called Jay "perhaps the most gifted sleight of hand artist alive." In addition to sleight of hand, Jay was known for his card tricks, card throwing, memory feats, and stage patter. He had also written extensively on magic and its history. His acting credits included "The Prestige", "The Spanish Prisoner", "Mystery Men", "Heist", "Boogie Nights", "Tomorrow Never Dies", "House of Games", "Magnolia", and "Deadwood." In 2015, Jay was the subject of an episode of PBS' "American Masters", making him the first magician to have ever been profiled in that series.

Jay was born Richard Jay Potash in Brooklyn, New York on June 26, 1946 to a Jewish family.

Jay was married to Chrisann Verges.

On November 24, 2018, Jay died in Los Angeles, California of natural causes at the age of 72.


Walter Dee Huddleston

Walter Darlington "Dee" Huddleston (April 15, 1926 – October 16, 2018) was an American politician. He was a Democrat from the state of Kentucky. He represented Kentucky in the United States Senate from 1973 until 1985.

He lost his 1984 re-election campaign to Mitch McConnell.

Huddleston was born on April 15, 1926 in Burkesville, Kentucky. He studied at the University of Kentucky. Huddleston was married to Jean Huddleston from 1947 until her death in 2003.

Huddleston was the CEO of the First Financial Service Corporation. In 2012, Huddleston announced he was stepping down as CEO of First Financial Service Corporation for health reasons.

Huddleston died on October 16, 2018 at home of his son, Steve Huddleston in Warsaw, Kentucky at the age of 92.

Jocelyn Burdick

Jocelyn Birch Burdick (February 6, 1922 – December 26, 2019) was an American politician. She was the Senator of North Dakota from September 1992 through December 1992 for the Democratic Party.

Burdick was born on February 6, 1922 in Fargo, North Dakota. She studied at Principia College and at Northwestern University. Burdick was married to Quentin N. Burdick from 1960 until his death in 1992.

After the death of Fritz Hollings in April 2019, Burdick became the oldest living former United States Senator. She died eight months later on December 26, 2019 in Fargo at the age of 97.

Greyhound racing

Greyhound racing is a sport in which greyhounds compete in a race around a track. The dogs chase a mechanical stuffed toy. It is a gambling sport. Animal groups such as PETA are unhappy about the way the dogs are treated.


Metroid Fusion

Metroid Fusion is an action-adventure video game for the Game Boy Advance console. It was developed by Nintendo Research & Development 1 and published by Nintendo. It was released in North America on November 17, 2002, in Europe on November 22, 2002, in Australia on November 29, 2002, and in Japan on February 14, 2003. It is the fourth game in the main "Metroid" series.

In "Metroid Fusion", Samus Aran is sent to the Biologic Space Laboratories space station because an explosion has happened there. The station contains X Parasites, viruses that can make a copy of the appearance and memories of living things that they are in. The Galactic Federation plans to capture the X Parasites to do further study of them. Because of how dangerous the X Parasites are, Samus has to destroy the space station to protect the federation from them.

Unlike the other "Metroid" games, "Metroid Fusion" focuses more on storyline than on exploration. The gameplay focuses on puzzle solving, platform jumping, and shooting enemies. Players have to find power-ups to get to new areas. Samus is able to absorb X Parasites to regain health, bombs, and missiles. Abilities new to the "Metroid" series include grabbing ledges and climbing ladders.

"Metroid Fusion" can be connected to "Metroid Prime" with the Nintendo GameCube-Game Boy Advance cable to unlock new features in "Metroid Prime".

Korean Democratic Party

Korean Democratic Party (, Hanja: ) was an early political party in Korea. Its abbreviation was KDP (, ). The party was founded in September 1945, in Seoul. The name was based on the United States Democratic Party. Its politics were conservative, economy liberalism and curture nationalism. In August 1948, it lost the elections for South Korea's first government. It formed the opposition party instead.

The first leader of the KDP was Song Jin-wu, but he was killed by extremist nationalists, in December 1945. The second leader was Chang Deok-su, who had studied politics in Europe and the United States. He was also killed by extremism nationalists, on 2 December 1947. The third leader was Kim Seong-su, a founding member. He was chairman of the Korean University.

Korean Democratic Party merged with the Great Korean People's Party in February 1949. They named the new party Democratic Peoples Party. In 1955, the Democratic Peoples Party was renamed the Democratic Party.


Korean Resistance Party

Korean Resistance Party (, ) was a Korean Resistance movement club and a early political party, from 1930 to 1969. Its abbreviation was KRP (, ). Its founders were Kim Gu and Cho So-ang. Korean Resistance Party was a conservative party, which supported anti-communism and nationalism.

Chrism

The chrism is a mixture of pure olive oil and balm (balsam). The two elements signify "fullness of grace". The chrism is blessed by a bishop on Maundy Thursday. It is used to consecrate churches, chalices, the solemn blessing of bells, baptismal fonts, etc. It is also used in baptisms, confirmations, and other churchly functions.

Celtic cross

The Celtic cross is an ancient cross of Irish origin. It has a circle about the juncture of the cross arms.


Baptismal font

A baptismal font is a permanent or semi-permanent basin where baptisms are performed. It may be small for baptism by sprinkling or pouring of water, or large for baptism by submersion under water. 

Wagtail

Wagtails are small birds named for the movement of their long tails. Some types such as the white wagtail and Japanese wagtail are black and white.

Here is a group of photos of a few of the many species of wagtail;

Locating (physics)

The act of locating something, of finding or defining the location of something, is a basic idea of modern science. In physics to say what "to locate" or "location" means, we must explain with clear talk how we do the job of locating something.

For things about our size, we generally use two beginning points that everybody knows about, and then we measure from those points to the thing we want to give a location. We might start with the Plymouth Rock and the Blarney Stone. We could then say, "Captain Smith's ship is 1400 miles from Plymouth Rock going toward the Blarney Stone." Or, in another case we might say, "Captain Jones's ship can be found by drawing a line from Plymouth Rock to the Blarney Stone, finding a point 700 miles along this line from Plymouth Rock, taking a left turn of 90° upon reaching this point from Plymouth Rock, and then traveling an additional 90 miles. 

If we have some good way of knowing compass directions, we can say something like, "Go three miles north of that big white rock over there and then go two miles east from that point. That is where I put the gold."

Finding the location of something is ordinarily done by seeing it somewhere, hearing it somewhere, feeling it somewhere, etc. Sometimes we know where something is by looking at a photograph, finding it with radar, or pinging it with sonar.

It is much more difficult to locate an electron, a photon, or anything else about that small. We may construct a light source that only makes one photon at a time. We can aim the light source at a piece of photographic film, let the light source make one photon, and then develop the photographic film. If we had very sensitive photographic film that could be darkened by only one photon, then we would find a tiny speck of silver where the photon ended up. A silver atom is much larger than a photon, so there would be some fuzziness about where the photon ended up, but people probably would agree that the photon must have ended up somewhere within the target formed by the silver atom. However, all we can say is that the photon must have been at that point when it ended its existence. When a photon is absorbed by an electron it gives its energy to the electron and disappears. So when it was briefly at some definite place it immediately lost all of its motion. 

Another way to locate a photon is to make it go through a small place. Knowing when the light source sends out a photon, and knowing the speed of light, we can know when it must be going through a hole in a plate put in the center of its path to the film. We can gradually get closer and closer to finding out exactly where it is in the middle of its flight. However, the path that it will take from there on becomes progressively wild. That is because when a photon goes through a hole like that it experiences diffraction.

Let 'Em In

"Let 'Em In" is a single released in 1976, performed by Paul McCartney. The song reached the Top 3 in the United States and across the United Kingdom. This single has been covered and sampled by other musicians.

Trajectory

The Trajectory something follows is its path through space and time. If a cannon is fired, its shell will follow a certain path depending on how much was used, how heavy the is, and the up and down that the cannon is aimed at.

Ed Dyas

Edmund C. Dyas (November 11, 1939 – January 23, 2011) was an American football player. He played college football from 1958 to 1960 for the Auburn Tigers. He finished fourth for the Heisman Trophy in his senior season. Dyas was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 2009. 

Dyas became an orthopedic surgeon in Mobile, Alabama after his college football career. He died from stomach cancer on January 23, 2011 at the age of 71.


Wayne County, Michigan

Wayne County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 1,793,561 people lived there, and it was the 19th most-populous county in the United States. The county seat is Detroit which is the largest city in Michigan.

Wayne County was one of the first counties formed when the Northwest Territory was created. It was named for the American general "Mad Anthony" Wayne. When it was created, the entire area of the Lower Peninsula of Michigan and small sections that are now part of northern Ohio, Indiana and Illinois were part of Wayne County. On August 15, 1796, the boundaries of Wayne County were set to begin at the mouth of the Cuyahoga River then west to Fort Wayne, then to the southernmost point of Lake Michigan and along the western shore north to the territorial boundary in Lake Superior and then along the territorial boundary through Lake Huron, Lake St. Clair, and Lake Erie back to the starting point.

On January 14, 1803, the Governor of Indiana Territory, William Henry Harrison, changed the boundary. This new boundary included Chicago, Illinois and a large strip of Wisconsin along Lake Michigan.

These boundaries were later changed again when Indiana and Illinois became states and as other counties were created in Michigan Territory.

The county has a total area of . Of this, (or 91.36%) is land and (or 8.64%) is water Parts of the Detroit River and Lake St. Clair are included in the county.

The eastern boundary is a water boundary in the Detroit River and Lake St. Clair with Essex County, Ontario, Canada. Cars crosses this boundary at the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel and the Ambassador Bridge.

Grosse Ile is the largest island in Wayne County. It is connected to the mainland by the Wayne County Bridge and the Grosse Ile Toll Bridge.


Greenville County, South Carolina

Greenville County is a county in the state of South Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 525,534 people lived there. It is the most populous county in the state. It is a part of the Greenville-Anderson-Mauldin Metropolitan Statistical Area. Its county seat is the city of Greenville.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (0.61%) is water.

The 2010 Census lists six cities and 16 census designated places in Greenville County.


Metroid Prime Hunters

Metroid Prime Hunters is a first-person action-adventure video game for the Nintendo DS console. It was developed by Nintendo Software Technology and published by Nintendo. It was released in North America on March 20, 2006, in Europe on May 5, 2006, and in Japan on June 1, 2006. When the Nintendo DS launched in 2004, it included an early demo of "Metroid Prime Hunters", which at that point was titled "Metroid Prime Hunters: First Hunt".

Like the other titles in the "Metroid Prime" series, "Metroid Prime Hunters" is a first-person adventure game where the focus is on exploration and discovery. However, it differs from other titles in that there is no assisted aiming, a bigger focus on gameplay, and online multiplayer. Samus Aran, the main character that the player plays as, can access her gunship from anywhere. The game uses both screens of the Nintendo DS: the top screen is used to show Samus' health and the amount of a weapon remaining, while the bottom screen shows the radar. The player moves Samus with the D-pad, and aiming is done with the use of the touch screen on the Nintendo DS' bottom screen.

Online multiplayer can be played with up to four players. Players can play as Samus or one of six bounty hunters. Each bounty hunter has different forms and weapons. The game's host is able to set options for points and time limits, as well as determine whether or not players can use the radar. If less than four players join a game, computer-controlled characters are placed into the game. In multiplayer, the bottom screen shows the number of kills a player has made and the time remaining in the round.

Local Government Area

A Local Government Area (LGA) is an administrative division of a country. A local government is responsible for it. Its size varies by country but it is generally a subdivision of a state, province, or territory.

LGA is used as a general description in many places, including Australia, Gambia and Nigeria.


Drew LeBlanc

Drew LeBlanc (born June 29, 1989, in Duluth, Minnesota) is an American professional ice hockey center that currently plays for the Augsburger Panther of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). He also played for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).

He was not drafted by a team but he signed a 1-year contract with the Blackhawks on April 12, 2013. He played college hockey at St. Cloud State University and won the Hobey Baker Award as the top National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) men's ice hockey player in 2013.


Memorial for the Yeshuv volunteers in World War II

The Memorial for the Yeshuv volunteers in World War II is a central memorial dedicated to the Jews from the British Army of British Mandate of Palestine that served in the British Army and who are not buried in Israel. Some of them were a part of the Jewish Infantry Brigade Group under the British army in Palestine. The memorial is located in the National Military and Police Cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. On the black wall of the memorial are the names of the 572 fallen soldiers by the units of the British army in the World War II and there symbols. Under the wall is a stone with a sign of the Star of David with the word "Remember". The memorial was built in 1973 by the architect Dr. Asher Hirem that was planned the national military and police cemetery in Mount Herzl.


Memorial for the Last of Kin

The Memorial for the Last of Kin is a memorial site for the last last remaining Jews from the Holocaust that died in the 1948 Arab–Israeli war without a family. The monument is located in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem in the memory path that connects the National Military and Police Cemetery to Yad Vashem.

The monument was built in 2004 by the sculptor Micha Ullman in two parts. One part is a board with a shape of a roof with names. The second part is a sculpture of reverse house.


Mike Embley

Mike Embley (born 25 May 1955) is a retired British broadcast journalist. He was best known as a presenter for BBC World News, an international news and current affairs television channel operated by the BBC.

Embley was born in London in 1955.

Before joining the BBC, Embley began his career training as a newspaper journalist with Thomson daily papers in Wales, on the South Wales Echo and the Western Mail. He began broadcasting in 1983, working for BBC Wales' "Wales Today", followed by the consumer affairs programme "Watchdog" in 1987, and "Public Eye" in 1989. Whilst working on "Public Eye", he was the first news reporter with a foreign crew to reach the San Francisco to report on the earthquake. 

Embley later joined ITN's Channel Four News to work as a producer and reporter, before returning to the BBC as a reporter for the flagship One O'Clock, Six O'Clock and Nine O'Clock News bulletins. During this time, Embley also worked as a series presenter for "Nature" on BBC Two and made two films for "Panorama".

Embley joined BBC World in 1995. After the program was replaced by two separate programs ("BBC London" and "South East Today") in 2001, Embley rejoined BBC World as a presenter. Since then, he has also presented on the domestic BBC News Channel and carried out one-on-one interviews for the BBC programme "HARDtalk", as well as reporting several series for the radio station BBC World Service.

Embley retired in April 2021.


Anna Proclemer

Anna Proclemer (30 May 1923 – 25 April 2013) was an Italian actress. She was known for her role in "Our Goddess".

Proclemer was born on 30 May 1923 in Trento, Italy. She studied at Rome University. Proclemer was married to Vitaliano Brancati from 1946 until his death in 1954. They had one daughter. She was partners with actor Giorgio Albertazzi. Proclemer died on 25 April 2013 from natural causes in Rome, Italy, aged 89.


Vitaliano Brancati

Vitaliano Brancati (July 24, 1907 – September 25, 1954) was an Italian writer. He was born in Pachino and died in Turin from a heart attack, aged 43. In 1950 he won the Bagutta Prize. Brancati was married to Anna Proclemer from 1946 until his death in 1954. They had one daughter.



Massimo Bontempelli

Massimo Bontempelli (May 12, 1878 – July 21, 1960) was an Italian poet, playwright, novelist and composer. He was influential in developing and promoting the literary style known as magical realism. He was born in Como and died in Rome.


Beta Israel Memorial

Beta Israel Memorial is the central memorial dedicated to the Ethiopian Jews that were murdered on their way to Israel. The name "Beta Israel" is the name of the black Jewish community in Ethiopia. The memorial is located at the National Civil Cemetery of the State of Israel in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. It was built in 2007 by the architect Gabriel Curtis. It replaced an earlier memorial that was built in 1989 for the Ethiopian Jews, located in the Givat HaMatos neighborhood of Jerusalem. The memorial was built around a grass plaza with olive trees. In the entrance there is a big board that tells the story of the Jews in Ethiopia. On the edge of the plaza there are stones in the shape of graves, with names on them. Next to these, there is a stone structure in the shape of an Ethiopian village, with boards that tell the story of the Jews that were not able to get to Israel.


Al Neuharth

Allen Harold "Al" Neuharth (March 22, 1924 – April 19, 2013) was an American businessman, author, and columnist. He was known for being the founder of USA Today.

Neuharth was born on March 22, 1924 in Eureka, South Dakota. He studied at the University of South Dakota.

Neuharth was married to Loretta F. Helgeland from 1946 until they divorced in 1973. Then he was married to Lori Wilson from 1973 until they divorced in 1980. Then he was married to Rachel Fornes from c. 1980 until his death in 2013. He had three children and six adopted children.

Neuharth died on April 19, 2013 in his home in Cocoa Beach, Florida from complications of a fall, aged 89.


Yasukuni Shrine

Yasukuni Shrine is a controversial Shinto shrine in Tokyo. It commemorates (by name) over two million Japanese people who died in wars from 1868 to 1954. Post-war right-wing Japanese politicians have paid visits to the shrine to pay respects to the war dead, but this is seen by China and Korea as a provocative act as over a thousand Japanese war criminals are enshrined there.


Memorial for the Defenders of the Old City of Jerusalem

The memorial for the Defenders of the Old City of Jerusalem is a memorial dedicated to the Israeli soldiers who fought for the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem during the 1948 Arab-Israeli war. The memorial is located at the entrance to the Garden of the Missing Soldiers in the National Military and Police Cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. The soldiers the memorial is dedicated to were buried temporarily in the Jewish Quarter until the war was finished, and then they were reburied in other places. The place that was their grave in the Jewish Quarter is marked today with a monument. The memorial was designed in the shape of an alley by the architect Dr. Asher Hirem. The arch is inscribed with 2 verses from the Bible: Jeremiah 31:8: "(God speaks to the people of Israel) I shall gather them from the uttermost parts of the earth." and Isaiah 66:14:"Your bones shall flourish like the grass." 


Johnny Lockwood

Johnny Lockwood (7 December 1920 – 25 April 2013) was an English-Australian actor and comedian who is best known for his role as Aldo Godolfus in "Number 96".

Lockwood was born on 7 December 1920 in London, England. He was married to Anne Lockwood from 1947 until her death in 1973. He remarried in 1980. He had one daughter. Lockwood died on 25 April 2013 in his home in Coffs Harbour, New South Wales, Australia from natural causes, aged 92.

Carl Perkins

Carl Lee Perkins (April 9, 1932 – January 19, 1998) was an American rockabilly musician who recorded most notably at Sun Records Studio in Memphis, Tennessee, beginning during 1954. He is referred to as the King of Rockabilly, and his best known song is "Blue Suede Shoes". He won a Grammy Award in 1987.

Perkins was born on April 9, 1932, in Tiptonville, Tennessee. He was married to Valda deVere until his death in 1998. They had one daughter and three sons. Perkins died on January 19, 1998, from complication of a series of strokes and throat cancer in Jackson, Tennessee, aged 65.





Regent's Park

Regent's Park is a large park in central London, in the London Borough of Camden and the City of Westminster. London Zoo is inside the park, as is an open air theatre.

In 1982, seven military bandsmen were killed in a PIRA bombing. 


Divine Office

The Divine Office () is the public, official and common prayer of the Catholic Church. It derives from the authority of the Church, and its content is decided by the Church.

Another name for this is the Liturgy of The Hours.

Birkenhead

Birkenhead is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, Merseyside, in northwest England. It is west of Liverpool across the River Mersey. There is a ferry across the Mersey sung about by Gerry and the Pacemakers.

Judd Hirsch

Judd Seymore Hirsch (born March 15, 1935) is an American actor most known for playing Alex Rieger on the television comedy series "Taxi". He won an Emmy Award (1983), a Golden Globe Award (1988), a Drama Desk Award (1976), and a Tony Award (1986, 1992). He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor twice for his roles in "Ordinary People" (1980) and "The Fabelmans" (2022).

Hirsch was born on March 15, 1935 in The Bronx, New York. He studied at DeWitt Clinton High School and at the City College of New York. Hirsch was married to Elissa Hirsch from 1956 until they divorced in 1958. Then he was married to Bonni Sue Chalkin from 1992 until they divorced in 2005. He has three children.


Candlemas

Candlemas is the feast of the purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary. It is celebrated on February 2. Candles are blessed on this day. Many people celebrate this holiday by eating crepes and tamales.

Kirk Hinrich

Kirk James Hinrich (born January 2, 1981) is an American professional basketball player. He plays for the Chicago Bulls. Hinrich played for the Chicago Bulls from 2003 through 2010, then again since 2012. He played for the Washington Wizards from 2010 through 2011. He played for the Atlanta Hawks from 2011 through 2012.

Hinrich was born on January 2, 1981 in Sioux City, Iowa.


Justify My Love

"Justify My Love" is a controversial 1990 song performed by Madonna and focusing on romance, sex and sadomasochism. This single was released November 6, 1990 by Sire Records. This got mixed review by older critics, although the more contemporary critics expressed critical acclaim and noted this as one of Madonna's best songs to date. It would be her ninth number 1 song on "Billboard" Hot 100. The related music video featured explicit sexual material, and was banned from MTV (Music Television) and certain other television networks. Other artists have covered this single since its release in autumn 1990.

Jar (disambiguation)

A jar is a type of glass container usually used to hold food.

Jar or JAR can also mean other things, such as:


Coleslaw

Coleslaw is a salad that uses mostly cabbage and mayonnaise. Cream can also be used as dressing, and vinegar can be added as seasoning.

The word "Coleslaw" came from before 1800 from the Dutch word for cabbage salad.

Footbridge

A footbridge is a bridge that was built to be mainly used by pedestrians. Some footbridges are also built for bicycle riders, horses or other animals. Footbridges are different from other bridges which are built to carry cars and other vehicles, or to allow a railway to pass.

Musée de l'air et de l'espace

The Musée de l'Air et de l'Espace ("Air & Space Museum") is the main French aviation and space museum. It is inside Paris-Le Bourget international airport. 

The Musée de l'Air et de l'Espace has two main sites : the museum itself, located in the old terminal of the airport, and reserves set up outside on the other side of the runway.

The collections of the museum include : Boeing 727,Boeing 747, Concorde, Dassault Mirage III, Dassault Mirage IV, Dassault Mirage 2000A, Dassault Rafale A, Douglas C-47 Skytrain, Focke-Wulf Fw 190, Republic P-47 Thunderbolt, SNCAN N.2501 Noratlas, Supermarine Spitfire...


National Tsing Hua University

National Tsing Hua University (NTHU; ) is a university in Taiwan. It was founded in 1911 (currently Tsing Hua University). It moved to Hsinchu City in 1955 .

NTHU is one of the four universities of the University System of Taiwan.



National Chiao Tung University

National Chiao Tung University (NCTU; ) is a university in Taiwan. It was founded in 1896 (currently Shanghai Jiao Tong University). It moved to Taipei City in 1958. It moved to Hsinchu City in 1979.

NCTU is one of the four universities of the University System of Taiwan.


National Central University

National Central University (NCU; ) is a university in Taiwan. It was founded in 1915 (currently Nanjing University). It moved to Miaoli in 1962. It moved to Taoyuan in 1968.

NCU is one of the four universities of the University System of Taiwan.


National Yang-Ming University

National Yang-Ming University (NYMU; ) is a university in Taiwan. It was named after the Chinese philosopher Wang Yangming. The main campus is in Taipei City. It was founded in 1975.

NYMU is one of the four universities of the University System of Taiwan.


Diana Bolocco

Diana Catalina Bolocco Fönck (born 30 July 1977 in Santiago) is a Chilean journalist and television presenter. She is of Italian and German origin. She is the younger sister of Cecilia Bolocco, Miss Universe 1987.

Minnehaha County, South Dakota

Minnehaha County is a county in South Dakota in the United States. As of the 2020 census, 197,214 people lived there. It is the most populous county in South Dakota. The county seat of Minnehaha County is Sioux Falls. The county took its name from the Sioux Indian word "Mnihaha" which means "rapid water" or "waterfall." The word is often incorrectly translated as "laughing water." The word was changed to its current spelling to make it easier to pronounce. Minnehaha County is part of the Sioux Falls, SD, Metropolitan Statistical Area.

In the 1870 census there were 355 people living in the county.

The county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (0.49%) is water. The Big Sioux River flows through the county.

The county is divided into twenty-four townships: Brandon, Benton, Buffalo, Burk, Clear Lake, Dell Rapids, Edison, Grand Meadow, Hartford, Highland, Humboldt, Logan, Lyons, Mapleton, Palisade, Red Rock, Sioux Falls, Split Rock, Sverdrup, Taopi, Valley Springs, Wall Lake, Wayne, Wellington.






Duecento

Duecento is the name of the 13th century in the Italian language. It is related to the culture of the Pre-Renaissance in Italy.

The Duecento is considered the century before the beginning of the Italian Renaissance cultural movement in the Trecento. It is sometimes called "Early Proto-Renaissance".

One of the most important centres of art and architecture in this period is Florence, a political, economical and cultural pole of Italy. Other important cities were Pisa, Siena, Arezzo, Mantua and Perugia, all of them in the area of Tuscany.

In the Duecento Italy developed the music of the so-called "Trovatori", including Sordello of Mantua. From them later developed the classical music of the Italian Renaissance.

The main personalities in this century were: Dante Alighieri (considered the "father" of the Italian language); Guittone d'Arezzo; Cimabue; Giotto di Bondone; Guido da Siena; Nicola Pisano; Arnolfo di Cambio and others. Giotto, who was an Italian painter and architect from Florence, is generally thought of as the first in a line of great artists of the Italian Renaissance that stretched until Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo.

During the Duecento the religious figure of Saint Francis of Assisi dominated the Italian souls. His poem "Canticle of the Sun" is considered a precursor of Renaissance poetry 



Michal Rozsíval

Michal Rozsíval (born September 3, 1978, in Vlašim, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech NHL ice hockey defenceman that currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks.

He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Penguins with the 105th overall pick in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft. He played for the Penguins for 4 seasons, the New York Rangers for 6 seasons, and the Phoenix Coyotes for 2 seasons. He also played in the Czech Extraliga for HC Oceláři Třinec and Pardubice HC. He was signed as a free agent by the Chicago Blackhawks to a one-year contract on September 11, 2012. On June 24, 2013, He won the Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks after they defeated the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2 in the 2013 Stanley Cup Finals.


Pedra Branca, Singapore

Pedra Branca, also known as Pulau Batu Puteh and Batu Puteh, is a small island at the western edge of the South China Sea. It in the eastern entrance of the Straits of Singapore. It is the easternmost point of Singapore.

Horsburgh Lighthouse was built on the island between 1847 and 1851.

The island was the subject of a dispute between Malaysia and Singapore. In 2008, the International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled that Pedra Branca is part of Singapore.

On 2 February 2017, Malaysia applied to the ICJ pursuant to Article 61 of the Statute of the ICJ for the revision of the 2008 judgment on the basis of three documents it had obtained from The National Archives of the UK between August 2016 and January 2017. The documents were internal correspondence of Singapore's colonial government in 1958, an incident report submitted by a British naval officer in the same year, and a 1960s map of naval operations bearing annotations. The Malaysian Government said that these documents indicated that "officials at the highest levels in the British colonial and Singaporean administration appreciated that Pedra Branca/Pulau Batu Puteh did not form part of Singapore’s sovereign territory" during the relevant period.


Rosa García Ascot

Rosa García Ascot (8 April 1902, Madrid – 2 May 2002, Torrelaguna, Madrid) was a Spanish composer and pianist. She was the only woman in the well known Group of Eight. The other members were Julián Bautista, Ernesto Halffter and his brother Rodolfo, Juan José Mantecón, Fernando Remacha, Salvador Bacarisse and Jesús Bal y Gay. She married Bal y Gay in 1933. Her more notable compositions include "Suite para orquesta (Suite for orchestra)", "Preludio (Prelude)", and the "Concierto para piano y orquesta (Concerto for piano and orchestra)".

García Ascot is also considered Manuel de Falla's last disciple. Before studying with de Falla in Madrid, she was a studied with Felipe Pedrell and then later with Enrique Granados. She spent 10 years in the early part of her career touring as a concert soloist. After this, she did very few public concerts and always in very special circumstances. She died almost a month after her 100th birthday.


John Carver

John Carver ( 1584 1621) Carver was a passenger on the "Mayflower". He was a leader during the "Mayflower" voyage and signed the Mayflower Compact. He was also the first Governor of Plymouth Colony.

It is believed that Carver was from Doncaster in Yorkshire England. Carver was a Separatist who did not believe in the teachings of the Church of England.

Carver and his first wife Mary were members of the French Walloon church in Leiden, Netherlands. Their religion was also not allowed where they lived. "Mayflower" passenger Francis Cooke and his wife were also members of the French church in Leiden. So was Philip Delano. Delano would arrive in Plymouth in 1621 on the ship "Fortune". Carver was a deacon in Leiden about 1609 at about age 25, and was born sometime before 1584. Leiden church records show that Carver lost his first wife Mary and their child in 1609

Carver then married Katherine White. She was a member of the Separatist church and was originally from Nottinghamshire. Carver became very involved in the Leiden church. He made close friendships with the leaders of the church, especially the pastor John Robinson. He also became friends with Robert Cushman who would play an important part in the plans for the "Mayflower" voyage.

The church members decided to travel to Virginia Colony, a place where they would be allowed to practice their religion.
William Brewster was in hiding from King James I. John Carver and Robert Cushman were chosen to make plans for the voyage. In 1617 Carver and Robert Cushman began talking to officials of the Virginia Company.

These were London businessmen interested in making a profit from the New World. By June 1620, John Carver was in Southampton purchasing supplies for the "Mayflower" voyage, along with Christopher Martin. They agreed to pay for the "Mayflower" voyage.

Carver was very rich and provided much of his money to the church members, and for the Mayflower voyage.

The "Mayflower" left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

Carver was very educated and was fair with everyone so the passengers chose him to be their leader on the "Mayflower". When they landed the people chose him to be their first governor.

Carver left the ship and went to the land to find a safe place where they all could live. William Bradford, John Carver, Myles Standish, Edward Winslow, John Howland, Richard Warren, Stephen Hopkins and Edward Doty also went. Hopkins was very helpful. He had seen Native Americans during his time at Jamestown. On one trip Bradford said they set off in below freezing weather. Many of the men were ill, and when the set sail the salt spray froze on their coats. They saw Native Americans. They were cutting up a whale which was very large. When they saw the men coming toward them, the Indians ran. At night they tried to protect themselves from the cold and the Indians.

Carver worked very hard with the other men to build houses to keep the people warm. He hunted and fished and helped to plant food.

During that time, a Native American called Samoset paid a visit to Plymouth Colony and then the chief Massasoit also arrived. Governor Carver worked out a peace treaty with them. On March 23, 1621, John Carver was again chosen to be Plymouth governor. The people said that John Carver was a man they well approved of.

In early April 1621, after working in the field on a hot day, Governor Carver complained of a pain in his head. He returned to his house to lie down. Within a few days he died. William Bradford stated that Carver, although a wealthy man had worked hard alongside everyone.

Thomas Weston was one of the men who helped to pay for the Pilgrims trip. He had criticism of the pilgrims for not loading up the returning "Mayflower" with furs and other goods to pay them back. Govenor William Bradford sent a letter telling them of all the troubles they had. He blamed Thomas Weston, and stated that Governor John Carver "had worked himself to death that spring and the loss of him and other industrious men lives cannot be valued at any price".

Carver is buried at Cole's Hill Burial Ground in Plymoth, Massachusetts.

Gulbarga district

Gulbarga () is a district of the Indian state of Karnataka.

Beed district

Beed district (Urdu: ضلع بد) is a district of Maharashtra, India.

Hingoli district

Hingoli district (Urdu: ضلع ہنگولی) is a district of Maharashtra, India.

Hathras district

Hathras () is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India. The district is a part of Aligarh division. 

Pratapgarh district, Uttar Pradesh

Pratapgarh () is a district of Uttar Pradesh (U.P.), India.

It is the administrative headquarters of Pratapgarh district, part of the Prayagraj division. It came into existence in 1858 CE. 

This district is situated on 25° 34' and 26° 11' north latitude) and 81° 19' and 82° 27' east longitude. This district is situated enroute to the Prayagraj - Ayodhya highway (NH -96), 61 km from Prayagraj and 39 km from Sultanpur. The height of this district is about 137 meters above sea level. It is spread over 110 kilometers from east to west. River Ganga flows from south-west and it separates the district from Prayagraj and Kaushambi (Fatehpur). Ganga, Sai, Bakulahi are the main rivers here. Loni and Sarkani rivers flow in the district. The Gomti river flows from the north-eastern part of this district.

It is believed that Lord Rama visited the area and worshipped at the place where Bela Bhawani Temple is located. The Bhayaharan Nath Dham finds mention in the Mahabharata. Legend has it that Bhim (one of the Pandava brothers) killed the demon Bakasur and installed the Shivaling in the temple.

The Sai River flowing through the district is considered holy by the Hindu devotees and several pilgrims converge here for a holy dip. Apart from the Hindus, Pratapgarh also attracts the Buddhists who come here to visit the Kot Monastery.

Ajit Pratap Singh made his headquarters at Rampur near Aror. During his reign, he built a fort (garh) and named it Pratapgarh after himself.

Famous tourist places include:


Bhakti dham mangarh situated near kunda, a well known and prominent tourist place is well connected by Lucknow-prayagraj national highway. Ghuisarnath is situated in sangipur connected by Raebareli -pratapgarh national highway.

The most prominent leaders of pratapgarh who are raghuraj pratap singh(Raja bhaiya),former jail minister of Uttar pradesh,member of legislative assembly from kunda legislative assembly,Pramod tiwari,former foreign affair minister during congress government regime,sangam lal gupta,moti singh,Kumari ratna singh etc.
Legislative assembly in pratapgarh are kunda,babaganj,rampur khas, pratapgarh Sadar,raniganj,Patti, 
gadwara (formerly know as vishwanathganj)

Ganga expressway

Budaun

Budaun () (also spelled as Badaun) is a city and Vidhan Sabha seat of Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India. According to 2011 Census of India, the population of the city is 159,285 out of 83,176 are males and 76,109 are female. It is 255 Kilometers away from capital of India Delhi.

Kumar Prashant is the current district magistrate of the city, appointed in 2019.

According to Prof. Goti John Budaun city was earlier known as Bedamooth and it is mentioned in an ancient inscription (stone writeup) which is now in Lucknow Museum. At that time this city was known as Panchal. According to a line of that Stone Writeup, there was a village named Bhadaunlak near it. Budaun was captured by the Ghurids under Muhammad Ghori's general Qutb ud-Din Aibak. Budaun was the capital of the Delhi Sultanate from 1210 to 1217 during the reign of Sultan Iltutmish.

Geographically Budaun city is located near Holy River Ganga, at Lattitude 28 Degree 02 Minute 30 Second East and Longitude 79 Degree 01 Minute 20 Second North on Globe. The length of the district is 144 Km. & Width is 60 Km.


Sonic Generations

Sonic Generations is a platform video game for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows, and Nintendo 3DS. It was released November 2011. It was developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega. It was released in celebration of the 20th anniversary of the release of the first "Sonic the Hedgehog" game.

The player controls two Sonic the Hedgehog characters: Classic Sonic and Modern Sonic. The player has to collect all of the Chaos Emeralds and stop an unknown villain from creating a time hole that would change history in a bad way. The game features levels that come from a past game in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. Each level has three stages and two bosses. The stages are Classic, Dreamcast, and Modern. Classic Sonic stages are 2D stages with gameplay in the style of the 2D "Sonic games". Modern Sonic stages are 2D/3D stages with gameplay in the style of 3D "Sonic" games. Each level has an act for both Sonic characters, as well as 10 challenges such as racing an opponent to the goal.

Hamirpur district, Uttar Pradesh

Hamirpur () is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.

Ambedkar Nagar district

Ambedkarnagar () is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.

Kushinagar district

Kushinagar () is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.

Etawah district

Itawa () is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.

Game Boy Camera

The Game Boy Camera is an accessory for the Game Boy line of video game consoles. It was released in Japan, North America, and Europe in 1998. It allows a person to take 128x112 black and white digital pictures. It is meant to be used with the Game Boy Printer, which uses a special kind of paper to print saved pictures. It can be used with most Game Boy consoles, but the Game Boy Micro will not work, and the Game Boy Advance SP will take images upside-down. It was the only Nintendo product to allow a person to take pictures until the release of the Nintendo DSi console.

Raebareli district

Raibareilly is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.

Game Boy Printer

The Game Boy Printer is an accessory for the Game Boy line of video game consoles. It was released in Japan, North America, and Europe in 1998. It allows a person to print pictures taken with the Game Boy Camera. It can also be used to print images from Game Boy and Game Boy Color games that can be used with it. It uses thermal paper, which is a kind of paper that changes color in heat. It runs on six AA batteries. It can be used with all Game Boy Consoles except for the Game Boy Micro. Like the Game Boy and Game Boy Color, Nintendo stopped making the Game Boy Printer in 2003.

Blast injury

A blast injury is an injury caused by an explosive blast. Blast injuries are divided into four main types, with a fifth type for illnesses caused by the blast, and a sixth type for the effects of psychological trauma after the blast such as Post-traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).

The type of injury and how severe it is depends on different things. This includes the type of explosion, the force of the explosion, the environment where the explosion happens, and how close the person is to the explosion. 

An explosion results from the rapid release of energy. Explosions fall into four general categories:

Chemical:

A chemical explosion is the result of a rapid chemical reaction or change of state which creates a lot of heat and usually gas. There are various types of chemical explosions including natural gas explosions, dust explosions and those caused by explosives.

Explosives are categorized as high-order explosives or low-order explosives and they each cause different injury patterns. Only high-order explosives produce a shock wave.


Mechanical

Electrical

Nuclear

Blast injuries are divided into four classes of physical trauma primary, secondary, tertiary, and quaternary. A fifth category, the quinary injuries, are those caused by toxic substances associated with the blast.

Primary injuries are caused by the explosion's shock waves. Air and fluid-filled internal organs are most commonly affected, but the blast wave may also cause external injuries such as traumatic amputation.

The structures of the internal ears are most often affected by the blast wave, with perforated ear drums the most common injury. The most common fatal injury in victims who survive the initial blast is blast lung. Blast lung can result in pulmonary contusions, bleeding and fluid build-up in the lungs with damage to airways and blood vessels.

Most casualties in an explosion are caused by secondary blast injuries. These injuries may be caused by flying fragments of the explosive device and other objects within the blast zone. These objects may strike any part of the body resulting in penetrating trauma. The severity of the penetrating trauma depends on the size of the object, the depth of penetration, and the part of the body hit.

Secondary blast injuries are common in deliberate explosions such as those caused by terrorist bombs. The bombs are often designed with objects such as nails, or ball bearings packed in and around the explosive device to act as shrapnel.

These injuries may also occur in accidental explosions - such as may occur in an industrial accident - when objects in the environment affected by the blast, such as shattered glass act like shrapnel.

Displacement of air by the explosion creates a blast wind that can throw victims against solid objects. Injuries resulting from this type of traumatic impact are referred to as tertiary blast injuries. Tertiary injuries may present as some combination of blunt and penetrating trauma, including bone fractures and coup contre-coup injuries.

Young children, because they weigh less than adults, are at particular risk of tertiary injury.

Quaternary injuries include flash burns, crush injuries from falling debris and inhalation injuries, which may make existing respiratory conditions such as asthma and COPD worse.

This category of blast injury has been added fairly recently to classify injuries, which often results in a hyperinflammatory state due to exposure to the environmental contaminants associated with the various types of explosive blasts including, bacteria, chemicals and radiation ("dirty bombs") as well as adverse tissue reaction to fuel and metals in the blast.

The psychological trauma which may occur in explosive blast survivors includes post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). A concussion sustained in a blast may also be a risk factor for developing PTSD independent of a person's psychological reaction to the witnessed event. Psychological trauma may also occur in the complete absence of physical injuries.

Neurotrauma can occur due to the mechanisms of one or more blast injury categories. Bleeding from injured organs such as lungs or bowel causes a lack of oxygen in all vital organs, including the brain. Damage of the lungs reduces the surface for oxygen uptake from the air, reducing the amount of the oxygen delivered to the brain. Tissue destruction initiates the synthesis and release of hormones or mediators into the blood which, when delivered to the brain, change its function. Irritation of the nerve endings in injured peripheral tissue and/or organs also significantly contributes to blast-induced neurotrauma.

Individuals exposed to blasts often have loss of memory for events before and after explosion, confusion, headache, impaired sense of reality, and reduced decision-making ability. People with brain injuries from explosions often develop sudden, unexpected brain swelling and cerebral vasospasm despite continuous monitoring. The first symptoms of blast-induced neurotrauma (BINT) may occur months or even years after the initial event, and are categorized as secondary brain injuries. The broad variety of symptoms include weight loss, hormone imbalance, chronic fatigue, headache, and problems in memory, speech and balance. These changes are often debilitating, interfering with daily activities. Because BINT in blast victims is underestimated, valuable time is often lost for preventive therapy and/or timely rehabilitation.


Sam Raimi

Samuel Marshall "Sam" Raimi (born October 23, 1959) is an American movie director, producer, writer, and actor. He directed the "Spider-Man" movie trilogy (2002–2007). He also directed "Oz the Great and Powerful", in addition to the Evil Dead franchise. Raimi’s films are known for their dynamic visual style, influenced by comics and slapstick comedy.

Raimi was born on October 23, 1959 in Royal Oak, Michigan to a Hungarian-Russian Jewish family. He was raised in Birmingham, Michigan. He studied at Groves High School and at Michigan State University. 

Raimi founded the production company Renaissance Pictures in 1979, and Ghost House Pictures in 2002. His latest film, the Marvel Cinematic Universe film Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, was released on May 6, 2022. It was Raimi’s highest-grossing film.

Raimi was born in Royal Oak, Michigan. His family is Conservative Jewish. He is a son of merchants Celia Barbara (née Abrams) and Leonard Ronald Raimi. His ancestors were Jewish immigrants from Russia and Hungary. His younger brother Ted is an actor. His older brother Ivan is a screenwriter and physician. His older sister, Andrea Raimi Rubin, is a court reporter. Another older brother, Sander, died at 15 in an accidental drowning; Raimi has said that the trauma brought the remaining family closer together and "colored everything he's done for the rest of his life." Raimi also mentioned that Sander first introduced him to "Spider-Man", starting his love for comics.

Raimi graduated from Groves High School. He attended Michigan State University, where he studied English but left after three semesters to film "The Evil Dead".

Men in Black 3

Men in Black 3 is a 2012 American 3D science fiction comedy movie. It is about stopping aliens from changing the past in 1969, so Agent J travels back in time to stop that from happening. The movie stars Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, and Josh Brolin. Movie critic Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 out of 4 stars.

It is a sequel to Men in Black and Men in Black II.

Irán Eory

Irán Eory (born Elvira Teresa Eory Sidi, 21 October 1937 in Tehran - died 11 March 2002 in Mexico City) . He was a prominent Iranian-Mexican actress.




George Jones

George Glenn Jones (September 12, 1931 – April 26, 2013) was an American country music singer known for his long list of hit records, his distinctive voice and phrasing, and his marriage to Tammy Wynette.

Jones was born on September 12, 1931 in Saratoga, Texas. He was raised in Vidor, Texas. 

Jones was married to Dorothy Bonvillion from 1950 until they divorced. Then he was married to Shirley Ann Corley from 1954 until they divorced in 1968. Then he was married to Tammy Wynette from 1969 until they divorced in 1975. Then he was married to Nancy Sepulvado from 1983 until his death in 2013. He had four children. 

Jones died on April 26, 2013 in Nashville, Tennessee from respiratory failure, aged 81. 




Grandpa Jones

Louis Marshall Jones (October 20, 1913 – February 19, 1998), known professionally as Grandpa Jones, was an American banjo player and "old time" country and gospel music singer. He is a member of the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Jones was born on October 20, 1913 in Niagara, Kentucky. He was raised in Akron, Ohio. He was married to Ramona Riggins from 1946 until his death in 1998. They had three children. Jones died on February 19, 1998 in Nashville, Tennessee from a stroke, aged 84.


Josh Ryan Evans

Joshua Ryan Evans (10 January 1982 - 5 August 2002) was an American actor. He was best known for acting as Timmy in the television series "Passions". He also acted in movies. Due to dwarfism, Josh was only tall and had the voice of a small child. Evans died from complications due to a congenital heart condition. He was born in Hayward, California and died in San Diego, California.

Rana Plaza collapse

The Rana Plaza collapse was an disaster on 24 April 2013. An eight-story building, the Rana Plaza, collapsed in Savar Upazila, a sub-district near Dhaka, Bangladesh. 1134 people were killed and about 2,500 others were injured. 

The building contained clothing factories, other shops and a bank. It collapsed during the morning rush hour. Warnings to avoid using the building because of cracking appearing the day before were ignored, resulting in a tragedy. This was thought to be the worst industrial accident in the history of Bangladesh.

William L. Guy

William Lewis Guy (September 30, 1919 – April 26, 2013) was an American politician who was the governor of the U.S. state of North Dakota from 1961 to 1973. At 93, he was the oldest of the six living current or previous governors of North Dakota.

Guy was born on September 30, 1919 in Devils Lake, North Dakota. He studied at North Dakota State University and at the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities. Guy was married to Jean Guy until his death in 2013. Guy died on April 26, 2013 in his home in West Fargo, North Dakota from Alzheimer's disease, aged 93. His wife June Guy died two months later on July 5, 2013 from a stroke.


Men in Black II

Men in Black II is an American science fiction action comedy movie. It is about aliens trying to take over the world and Agents J and K must stop that from happening before it is too late. Some of the stars include Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, and Rip Torn. Michael Jackson appears in a cameo when he wants to become Agent M.

It is a sequel to Men in Black and is followed by Men in Black 3.


The movie's ending was supposed to be set at the World Trade Center, but due to the September 11 attacks, it was reshot with the Statue of Liberty.

The movie was #1 at the box office against The Powerpuff Girls Movie but had mixed reviews. People didn't like how it was a rehash of the first movie.

How Do U Want It

"How Do U Want It" (also called "How Do You Want It"), is a rap/R&B single by Tupac Shakur featuring K-Ci & JoJo of Jodeci. It was released on June 16, 1996 as the third single from Tupac's fourth album, "All Eyez on Me". Three music videos for the single were released alongside it. The song contains samples of the 1974 song "Body Heat" by Quincy Jones. The song was produced by Johnny "J" Jackson. 

Finding Dory

Finding Dory (known as Finding Nemo 2: Finding Dory) is a 2016 American computer-animated comedy adventure movie.

It was produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is a sequel to the 2003 Disney-Pixar movie, "Finding Nemo". Andrew Stanton, who directed the original movie, directed. The movie was confirmed by Walt Disney Pictures in April 2013. The movie was originally scheduled for a holiday 2015 release. 

"Finding Dory" is about Dory, the regal blue tang fish, who forgets things almost instantly. The story is about Dory reuniting with her family. The movie is set off the coast of California.


Calahorra

Calahorra, (), La Rioja, Spain is a municipality in Rioja Baja. It is near the border with Navarre on the river Ebro. During ancient Roman times, Calahorra was known as "Calagurris Fibularia".

The city is located on a hill at an altitude of at the confluence of the Ebro and Cidacos rivers. It has an area of . Calahorra is the second-largest city in La Rioja in population and importance. 21,060 people live there.

People have lived in the area that is now Calahorra since the Paleolithic. It has had a stable population since the Iron Age.

Rome took control of the town in 187 BC. They made it more important as an administrative centre for regions near it. Julius Caesar and Augustus Caesar gave the city (then named "Calagurris") converted the town into a municipality. They developed its city planning, economy, and politics. Its archeological remains show that it had a circus, baths, an amphitheatre, and other things found in large cities. It minted money and served as a justice administration centre.

After the rule of the Moors in the 9th and 10th centuries the Christian king García Sánchez III of Navarre captured the city in 1045.



Blood film

A blood film or peripheral blood smear is a thin layer of blood smeared on a microscope slide and then stained in such a way to allow the various blood cells to be examined microscopically. Blood films are usually examined to investigate disorders of the blood and, occasionally, to look for parasites within the blood such as malaria and filaria. 

Jean Smart

Jean Elizabeth Smart (born September 13, 1951 in Seattle, Washington) is an American actress and voice actor. She acts in television, movies and on stage. Smart is known mainly for comedy roles. She starred as Charlene Stillfield on the television program "Designing Women". She has also done dramatic roles. These include the role of Martha Logan on the series "24". Her animated roles include, "American Dad!", "Big Mouth", "Hey Arnold", "Kim Possible", "Nutri Ventures", "The Powerpuff Girls", "Robot Chicken", "Static Shock", "Tiny Toon" and "Spider-Man (2017)". 

Iwo Jima

, also known as Iō-tō, is an uninhabited Japanese island in the Volcano Islands. It is south of the Bonin Islands. It is south of mainland Tokyo.

The first recorded mention of Iwo Jima was in 1673.

It was claimed by the Empire of Japan in 1861.

The island is best known as the focus of the Battle of Iwo Jima in 1945.


WBZ-TV

WBZ-TV is a television station in Boston, Massachusetts in the United States. It is owned by CBS. It is received on channel 4 in eastern Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and southern New Hampshire. 

WBZ-TV first went on the air on June 9, 1948. It is the oldest television station in Boston. It is also the oldest television station in the New England states. It was originally owned by Westinghouse Electric Corporation. The station showed programs from the NBC network when it first went on the air. On January 2, 1995, WBZ-TV stopped showing NBC programs and started showing CBS programs. Before then, CBS programs aired on WHDH-TV, which now airs NBC programs. The reason Channel 4 switched networks is because Westinghouse Electric agreed to merge with CBS, and all Westinghouse channels became CBS stations.

Richard Matheson

Richard Burton Matheson (February 20, 1926 – June 23, 2013) or Logan Swanson was an American author and screenwriter. He mostly wrote in the fantasy, horror, and science fiction genres. Two of his books are "I Am Legend" and "Bid Time Return". He wrote several television episodes for "The Twilight Zone".

Matheson was born on February 20, 1926 in Allendale, New Jersey to a Norwegian family. He was raised in Brooklyn, New York. Matheson studied at Brooklyn Technical High School and at the University of Missouri. He was married to Ruth Ann Woodson from 1952 until his death in 2013. They have four children. 

Matheson came up with the idea for "I Am Legend" after seeing Tod Browning's "Dracula".

Matheson died on June 23, 2013 in Los Angeles, California from a long illness. He was 87 years old.


Wolf Blitzer

Wolf Isaac Blitzer (born March 22, 1948) is an American journalist and television news anchor. He has been a CNN reporter since 1990. He is the senior anchor of all CNN programs currently in production. Blitzer is currently the host of "The Situation Room". He is CNN's lead political anchor.

Blitzer was born on March 22, 1948 in Augsburg, Germany to Polish-American parents. His parents were Jewish refugees. He was raised in Buffalo, New York.

Blitzer studied at Kenmore West Senior High School, at the University at Buffalo, at Johns Hopkins University, and at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.

Blitzer has been married to Lynn Greenfield since 1973. They have one daughter, Ilana (born 1981). He now lives in Bethesda, Maryland.


Robert W. Edgar

Robert William "Bob" Edgar (May 29, 1943 – April 23, 2013) was an American politician and administrator from Pennsylvania, and a member of the Democratic Party. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1975 to 1987, representing the 7th district of Pennsylvania.

Edgar was born on May 28, 1943 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at Drew University. Edagr died on April 23, 2013 in his home in Annandale, Virginia from a heart attack, aged 69.


Sports agent

A sports agent is a person who represents a sportsperson in finance and contracts. The sports agent negotiates the contracts for an athlete's salary. The agent gets part of the athletes pay. Also, they are responsible for making recommendations about the athlete's options.

Mario Cuomo

Mario Matthew Cuomo (June 15, 1932 – January 1, 2015) was an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. He served as the Secretary of State of New York from 1975 to 1978, as the Lieutenant Governor of New York from 1979 to 1982 and as the 52nd Governor of New York for three terms, from 1983 to 1994. His son Andrew Cuomo was the governor of New York from 2011 to 2021.

Cuomo was born on June 15, 1932 in Queens, New York City to an Italian Catholic family. He studied at St. John's University. Cuomo was married to Matilda Raffa from 1954 until his death in 2015. They have five children.

Cuomo died on January 1, 2015, in his home in Manhattan, New York City at the age of 82 from heart failure only hours after his son Andrew was sworn-in to a second term as governor of New York state. His funeral was held on January 6, 2015 at the Saint Ignatius Loyola Church in Manhattan, New York. He was buried at St. John Cemetery, in Queens, New York.


Memorial for the Jewish Soldiers in the Polish army in World War II

The memorial for the Jewish Soldiers in the Polish army in World War II is a memorial dedicated to the Jews who served in the Polish Army and died in World War II. The memorial is in the National Military and Police Cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. The memorial was built in 1998 next to the memorial for those who served in the Russian army. The memorial was built with pink stones with the symbols of the Polish army and the inscription of the years 1939-1945 next to stairs going to ceremonial plaza. it is inscribed with a Bible verse from 2 Samuel 1:23: "They were swifter than eagles, they were stronger than lions."


Memorial for the Jewish Soldiers in the Soviet army in World War II

The memorial for the Jewish Soldiers in the Soviet Army in World War II is a memorial dedicated to the Jews in the Red Army who died in World War II. The memorial is in the National Military and Police Cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. It is next to the memorial to those who served in the Polish army. The memorial was started by the Organization of Veterans of the Red Army in World War II. It was built in 1989 with a design of the architect Yizhak Rachelin and the Engineer "Ze'ev Kariv". The memorial is a wall with pink stones and red stones. It has the number "200,000" for the fallen Jews of the Russian army. There is a Hebrew Bible verse inscribed from Judges 3:2: The Lord "did this to teach warfare to the descendants of the Israelites." In front of the memorial there are stairs going to ceremonial plaza between two boards with the sign of the years "1941" and "1945". 


Mount Whymper

Mount Whymper may refer to:

WHDH

WHDH is a television station in Boston, Massachusetts in the United States. It is owned by Sunbeam Television and is an independent television station that used to carry NBC. It is received on Channel 7 in eastern Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and southern New Hampshire.

In the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s, there was another television station in Boston with the name WHDH-TV. That station aired on Channel 5 and is now called WCVB-TV. There is no relationship between the two stations.

Channel 7 in Boston went on the air June 21, 1948 as WNAC-TV. It is the second oldest television station in Boston, and the third oldest in the New England states. The first owner was General Tire, which later became RKO General. The station showed CBS network programs when it first went on the air. The station also showed some programs from the ABC network. However, when a new TV station in Boston, Channel 5, then known as WHDH-TV but now known as WCVB-TV, started in 1957, Channel 7 dropped all ABC programs, which were then aired on Channel 5. In 1961, Channel 7 and Channel 5 switched networks, and Channel 7 became an ABC station, and Channel 5 became the CBS station for Boston. In 1972, the two channels switched again, and Channel 7 returned to being a CBS station, and Channel 5 an ABC station.

On May 21, 1982, RKO General lost the license to broadcast and Channel 7 was taken over by New England Television on May 22. The channel was renamed WNEV-TV. New England Television bought a radio station known as WHDH in 1989, and in January, 1990, channel 7 was renamed WHDH-TV. On January 2, 1995, Channel 7 stopped showing CBS programs and began showing NBC programs. Before then, NBC programs were shown on WBZ-TV, Channel 4, which now shows CBS programs. The reason for this switch is because WBZ-TV's owners merged with the CBS network.

In 1993, the station was sold to Sunbeam Television. In July, 2010, Channel 7 officially dropped the -TV from its name, becoming just WHDH.

In 2017, the station stopped carrying NBC programming, losing the affiliation to WBTS-CD, and became an independent television station.

Lawrence Welk

Lawrence Welk (March 11, 1903 – May 17, 1992) was an American musician, accordionist, bandleader, and television impresario, who hosted "The Lawrence Welk Show" from 1955 to 1982. His style came to be known as "champagne music".

In 1996, Welk was ranked #43 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time.

Welk was born in Strasburg, North Dakota. Most people there spoke German, but also knew English. His parents were Ludwig and Christiana (Schwahn) Welk, who were ethnic Germans from Russia. They emigrated to America in 1892 from Selz, Kutschurgan District, in the German-speaking area north of Odessa (now Odessa, Ukraine, but then in southwestern Russia). In North Dakota, the family lived on a homestead.

Welk decided on a career in music and got his father to buy him an accordion from a mail order for $400 (equivalent to $ in ) He promised his father that he would work on the farm until he was 21, to pay his father back for the accordion. Any other money he earned during that time, by doing farmwork or performing, would go to his family.

On his 21st birthday, Welk left the family's farm to start his career in music. During the 1920s, he performed with the Luke Witkowski, Lincoln Boulds, and George T. Kelly bands before he started his own orchestra. He led big bands in North Dakota and eastern South Dakota. These included the Hotsy Totsy Boys and later the Honolulu Fruit Gum Orchestra. His band also played for radio station WNAX in Yankton, South Dakota. In 1927, he graduated from the MacPhail School of Music in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
During the 1930s, Welk led a traveling big band that played dance tunes and "sweet" music. At first, the band traveled around the country by car. They were too poor to rent rooms, so they usually slept and changed clothes in their cars. At an engagement at the William Penn Hotel in Pittsburgh, a dancer said that Welk's band's sound was as "light and bubbly as champagne," which is where the term "Champagne Music" came from. Welk described his band's sound, saying "We still play music with the champagne style, which means light and rhythmic. We place the stress on melody; the chords are played pretty much the way the composer wrote them. We play with a steady beat so that dancers can follow it."

Welk's big band performed across the country but mostly at ballrooms and hotels in the Chicago and Milwaukee areas. In the early 1940s, the band started to play at the Trianon Ballroom in Chicago, where they played for 10 years. His orchestra also played at the Roosevelt Hotel in New York City during the late 1940s. Welk recorded a version of Spade Cooley's "Shame on You" with Western artist Red Foley in 1945. The record (Decca 18698) was #4 on Billboard's September 15 "Most Played Juke Box Folk Records" listing. From 1949 through 1951, the band had its own national radio program on ABC.

Sometimes, Welk's band made recordings in Richmond, Indiana and in Grafton, Wisconsin for the Gennett and Paramount companies. In November, 1928, he recorded for Gennett and in 1931, he recorded for Paramount. These records are very rare.

From 1938 to 1940, he recorded in New York and Chicago for the Vocalion label. He started with Decca in 1941, and recorded for Mercury and Coral before starting with Dot in the early 1950s.

In 1966, his orchestra recorded an album on the Ranwood Records label, with Jazz saxophonist Johnny Hodges, featuring a number of Jazz standards, including "Someone to Watch Over Me", "Misty" and "Fantastic, That's You". The album has been out of print for many years.

In 1951, Welk moved to Los Angeles. That year, he began hosting "The Lawrence Welk Show". Broadcast from the Aragon Ballroom in Venice Beach, it became a local hit and was picked up by ABC in June 1955.

The show used a bubble machine to emulate the bubbles in champagne. Whenever the orchestra played a polka or waltz, Welk himself danced with the band's female singer, called a Champagne Lady, on the show. His first Champagne Lady was Jayne Walton Rosen (born Dorothy Jayne Flanagan). Rocky Rockwell usually sang novelty songs. Welk also had one song each show where he played an accordion solo.

Welk's show rarely featured current music, except as a novelty. The December 8, 1956 featured two current songs: "Nuttin' for Christmas", and Elvis Presley's "Don't Be Cruel."

The show's songs were mostly popular music standards, polkas, and novelty songs. Welk often danced with women from the audience.

Welk had very high-quality musicians, including accordionist Myron Floren, concert violinist Dick Kesner, guitarist Buddy Merrill, and New Orleans Dixieland clarinetist Pete Fountain. He paid his regular band members very well, and it was common for them to stay with the band a long time. Floren remained the band's assistant conductor for the show's entire run.

The show didn't only play big-band era music. During the 1960s and 1970s, for example, the show played music that was originally by The Beatles, Burt Bacharach and Hal David, The Everly Brothers and Paul Williams and others, but in a style his older viewers would like. The show was originally in black and white. It changed to color in fall 1965.

While it was on network television, "The Lawrence Welk Show" aired on ABC on Saturday nights at 9 p.m. (Eastern Time), but changed to 8:30 p.m. in fall 1963. From 1956 to 1959, it was also known as "The Dodge Dancing Party", because Welk was also hosting another show called "Top Tunes and New Talent" on Mondays. ABC canceled the show in 1971, but it continued on 250 stations across the country until 1982.

Welk was married for 61 years, until he died, to Fern Renner (b. August 26, 1903, d. February 13, 2002). They had three children.

Welk was an excellent businessman. He had investments in real estate and music publishing, and was a general partner in a commercial real estate development. He had four US design patents:

Welk was a Roman Catholic and a daily communicant.

After he retired in 1982, Welk continued to air reruns of his shows. He was also in two Christmas specials in 1984 and 1985.

Welk died from bronchopneumonia in Santa Monica, California, in 1992 at age 89. He was buried in Culver City's Holy Cross Cemetery.

Sources: "Billboard Top Pop Singles 1955–2006", "Billboard Top Adult Songs 1961–2006", "Billboard Bubbling Under the Hot 100 1959–2004"

In 1994, Welk was inducted into the International Polka Music Hall Of Fame.

Welk has a star for Recording on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, located at 6613½ Hollywood Blvd. He has a second star at 1601 Vine Street for Television.

In 2007, Welk became a charter member of the Gennett Records Walk of Fame in Richmond, Indiana.

All books written with Bernice McGeehan and published by Prentice Hall (Englewood Cliffs, N.J.), except where indicated:


Reuben

Reuben was the son of Jacob and Leah in the Book of Genesis.

Jacob was in love with Rachel, the daughter of Laban and asked to marry her. Laban said he would let Jacob marry her if he worked for him as a shepherd for seven years. Jacob worked for those years but they felt like they were only seven days because of how much he loved Rachel. But then, Laban tricked Jacob into marrying Rachel’s older sister Leah instead of marrying her and said he didn’t believe in the younger daughter marrying before her older sister married so Jacob had to work for Laban for another seven years so that Laban would let him marry Rachel. Jacob loved Rachel but he did not love Leah so Leah prayed to the Lord saying “give me children, for I am despised”. So the Lord had mercy on her and she became pregnant and gave birth to a son. And Leah said “now my husband shall love me” and named her son Reuben. 

After Leah gave birth to Simeon, Levi and Judah (Biblical personage), Bilhah gave birth to Gad and Asher, Zilpah gave birth to Dan and Naphtali and Leah gave birth to Zebulun and Issachar, then Reuben found mandrakes and gave them to his mother Leah. When Rachel asked Leah for the mandrakes,Leah said “first you take from me my husband and now the mandrakes of my son” and agreed to give Rachel the mandrakes if Leah became Jacob’s main wife.

It’s written in the Torah that Reuben lay down with Bilhah and that his father Jacob heard about it. (Genesis 35:22) Though the Talmud says that this was a metaphor and that Reuben actually took Bilhah’s bed from his father’s tent but that this was seen as being like the sin of incest (Shabbat 55) and says that this works because in the Book of Job wanting to commit incest is seen as committing incest. 

In the story of Joseph, when the brothers are about to kill Joseph, Reuben tells them that instead of murdering him they should throw him into a big hole in the ground and leave him to die. But Reuben secretly planned to rescue Joseph and so when Reuben came back to save Joseph and found out that he had already been sold into slavery, Reuben tore his clothes in mourning for Joseph. And after Simeon was jailed, Reuben told his brothers that the Lord was punishing them all for what they did to Joseph. 

According to Jewish tradition, Reuben didn’t get the inheritance that a firstborn son would usually get because he was being punished for the sin with Bilhah. 

Rabbi Shimon son of Eliezer teaches that after Leah died and Jacob moved his bed to the tent of Bilhah, Reuben took the bed from Bilhah’s tent and put in the tent of his mother Leah to honour his mother’s memory and the sin Reuben committed by doing that was compared to incest but Reuben did not actually have sex with Bilhah. Though there are also Rabbis in the Talmud who say that he did. 

According to the Zohar, Reuben lying down with Bilhah cannot be wikt:literally true because then Reuben wouldn’t have become the father of a tribe of the Israelites. It says that Reuben knew from prophecy that there were supposed to be only twelve tribes of Israel so he moved his father’s bed from Bilhah’s tent even though the Shechina is there whenever married people do their religious duty to have sex with each other but by meddling Reuben made the Shechina leave that tent and that was Reuben’s sin. 

Super Monkey Ball

Super Monkey Ball is a platform video game. It was developed by Amusement Vision and published by Sega. It was first released in Japan in January 2001 as an arcade game titled "Monkey Ball". It had a joystick in the shape of a banana. It was later released worldwide as a launch title for the Nintendo GameCube. Titled "Super Monkey Ball", it was released in Japan on September 4, 2001, in North America on November 18, 2001, and in Europe on May 3, 2002. 

"Super Monkey Ball" has three modes of gameplay: Main game, party games and mini-games.

In the main game, the object is to guide a monkey in a hamster ball across a series of platforms in the air and through a goal at the end of the level. Four monkeys are available for the player to play as. Each level is timed; with a level running for either 30 or 60 seconds. The player controls the main game with the GameCube controller's control stick. By moving the stick, the whole level moves, and the ball rolls in the direction that the level moves. Each level has bananas that the player can collect. Bananas give the player points, and collecting a certain amount of them gives the player an extra life. Should the player fall off of the level or the timer reaches zero, the player loses a life. There are three main difficulties: Beginner, Advanced and Expert. Beginner is ten easy levels, Advanced is 30 non-easy levels, and Expert is 50 harder levels. Should the player meet a certain condition after completing a difficulty, they will be able to play the difficulty's "extra" levels. A fourth difficulty level, Master, can be unlocked by completing the Expert and Expert Extra levels without using a continue. Master is the hardest difficulty level, with ten levels. You can also see Mario if you die 1 million times.

There are three party games: Monkey Race, Monkey Target and Monkey Fight. In Monkey Race, players race on one of several racing levels, competing for the best rank. In Monkey Target, players roll their monkey down a ramp and open the monkey's ball to fly in order to land on one of several islands. Three levels are available to play on. In Monkey Fight, players punch other monkeys for points. When time runs out, whichever monkey has the most points wins.

There are three minigames that can to be unlocked with points gotten in the main game: Monkey Bowling, Monkey Billiards and Monkey Golf. Each minigame is based on the real life sport.

Prudence Crandall

Prudence Crandall (September 3, 1803 – January 28, 1890) was an American teacher. She was born on September 3, 1803 to Quakers. She went to the New England Friends’ Boarding School in Providence, Rhode Island. In October 1831, she opened a private girls’ school in Canterbury, Connecticut. In 1833, an African American girl was admitted to the school. The parents of the white girls in the school wanted the black girl expelled. Crandall refused. She opened a school for African American girls in April 1833.

The Connecticut legislature passed the "Black Law". This law made it illegal to open a school that taught African American pupils from a state other than Connecticut. Crandall was arrested, tried, and convicted of violating this law. She was put in jail. A higher court reversed the decision. Crandall was freed, but neighbors harassed her. They smashed the windows in the school. Crandall feared for the students’ safety. She closed the school in 1834.

Crandall married Baptist minister and abolitionist Calvin Philleo. In 1835, the couple and his three children left Connecticut for Philleo’s farm in New York State. They later moved to Illinois. Here Crandall ran a school from her home. She also took part in women’s rights activities. When Philleo died in 1874, Prudence moved to Kansas to live with her brother. In 1886, the Connecticut legislature gave her a pension. Crandall died on January 28, 1890. She was buried in Kansas. Her old school house in Canterbury is now the Prudence Crandall Museum. In 1995, Crandall was named Connecticut's state heroine.

Nicko McBrain

Michael Henry "Nicko" McBrain (born 5 June 1952) is an English heavy metal musician. He is the drummer of the heavy metal band Iron Maiden. 

During his early year, McBrain played for a few small pub bands and paid his bills with session work he did when he left school. He has also played in Streetwalkers, Trust and with Pat Travers. He joined Iron Maiden in 1982 and debuted on their fourth studio album, "Piece of Mind".

He currently uses Premier drums and Paiste cymbals. He converted to Christianity in 1999 after he had an experience in the Spanish River Church.

Kataklysm

Kataklysm are a Canadian death metal band from Montreal, Quebec. 

Kataklysm was formed in 1991. The band released their debut studio album "Sorcery" on February 10, 1995 and their second full-length album on June 26, 1996. Lead singer Sylvain Houde left the band afterwards and Maurizio Iacono took over the lead vocals. Stephane Barbe was also recruited to the band during this time. Their third album "Victims of this Fallen World" which was released on March 7, 1998, saw a change in musical style from Kataklysm's previous albums. They returned to their former style when they released "The Prophecy (Stigmata of the Immaculate)" but it was less chaotic and with a little bit of thrash metal.

Iacono had vocal lessons for the death metal genre after he was complaining that he was losing his voice during or after the band performed concerts. Their fifth studio album "" was released on September 17, 2001. The album featured a little bit of a melodic approach to death metal however they did not step into the boundaries of melodic death metal. The band released their sixth studio album "Shadows & Dust" on October 15, 2002. The album is considered to be one of the most successful albums by the members of Kataklysm because of the positive attention that the album received and the sales it gathered.

Their seventh studio album "Serenity in Fire" was released on March 9, 2004. The album featured Martin Maurais temporarily replacing Max Duhamel on drums. Duhamel said that he forced out of the band because of injuries but recovered from his injuries and played with the band on their eighth album "In the Arms of Devastation" which was released on February 21, 2006.

The band is known for using a frequently used drum pattern which they call "Northern Hyperblast". The band was ranked #7 on AOL Radio's list of the 10 best Death Metal bands. 





America's Next Top Model, Cycle 4

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 4 is the fourth season of "America's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 14 contestants. The winner was 20-year-old Naima Mora.



1.
"casting episode"

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.
"recap episode"

13.


William Bradford (Mayflower passenger)

William Bradford (15901657) was a passenger on the "Mayflower" in 1620. He travelled to the New World to live in religious freedom. He became the second Governor of Plymouth Colony and served for over 30 years. Bradford kept a journal of the history of the early life in Plymouth Colony. It is called "Of Plymouth Plantation".

Bradford was born to William and Alice Bradford in Austerfield, Yorkshire, England. His family were farmers. The Bradford family owned a large farm and were considered rich.

Bradford's father died was he was one year old. When he was four years old he was sent to live with his grandfather. Two years later, his grandfather died and he returned to live with his mother and stepfather. A year later, in 1597, his mother died. Bradford became an orphan at age 7. He was sent to live with two uncles.

His uncles wanted Bradford to help on the farm but Bradford was ill and was not able to work. Bradford started to read many books. One of the books was the Bible. This may be where he started learning of a religion that was different from the church of England.

When Bradford was 12 years old he went with a friend to hear the pastor Richard Clyfton. Clyfton was a minister who did not believe in the Church of England. Bradford believed in Clyfton’s words. His uncles told him not to go to that church but he went anyway.

During one meeting he became friends with William Brewster. Brewster did not live far away and Bradford borrowed books from him about the new church.

King James I of England started to punish the people who did not follow the Church of England. They were called Separatists. By 1607 many members of the Separatists were arrested. Brewster was made to pay a fine for going to the church. Some members were put into prison and others were watched night and day. The people also learned that other Separatists in London had been put into prison and left to starve to death.

The Separatists decided to leave England for the Dutch Republic (where religious freedom was permitted). William Bradford went with them. It was illegal to leave England. The group was betrayed by an English sea captain who brought them to the English authorities. Most of the congregation, and Bradford, were put into prison. By the summer of 1608, the Separatists, and William Bradford, escaped to Leiden, Netherlands. Bradford was 18.

 William Bradford moved to Amsterdam in August 1608. He lived with the Brewsters in Stink Alley. The Separatists had spent most of their money leaving England and were poor. After nine months, the congregation moved to the smaller city of Leiden.

When Bradford turned 21 he received some money. Bradford purchased his own house. He built a workshop and worked as a weaver. He was liked.

In 1613, Bradford married Dorothy May, the daughter of a rich English couple living in Amsterdam. In 1617, the Bradfords had their first child, John Bradford.

By 1617, the Separatists decided to travel to Virginia Colony in North America. The Separatists could practice their religion in the Dutch Republic, they wanted their children to keep their English customs and language. The colonists made a business arrangement with the Merchant Adventurers. These were a group of men who were willing to pay for the Pilgrims to go to the New World with the promise that the pilgrims would pay them back with furs and other goods they got from the colony. By July 1620, Robert Cushman and John Carver had made the plans and fifty Separatists left Delftshaven on the ship "Speedwell".

Many families were split as some Separatists stayed behind in the Netherlands, planning to make the voyage to the New World after the colony had been established. William and Dorothy Bradford left their three-year-old son John with Dorothy's parents in Amsterdam, possibly because he was too frail to make the voyage.

The "Speedwell" planned to meet with the "Mayflower" and both ships would travel to Virginia Colony. The "Speedwell" proved unsafe and the passengers were put on the "Mayflower". This made the ship very crowded. Not all the passengers were Separatists. There were about 50 colonists who went because they had certain skills. These skills would prove useful on the "Mayflower" and at the colony. Bradford said they hugged each other and cried and said goodbye to family and friends for the last time. They knew they were pilgrims and lifted their eyes to heaven, their dearest country and this comforted them.

The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" spotted land. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. Bradford signed the Mayflower Compact.

Up to this time, Bradford, aged 30, had never been a leader in the colony. When the "Mayflower" anchored in the Harbor, the men went out to explore the land for a place where they could live. Bradford volunteered to be a member of the exploration parties. In November and December, these parties went out three times on foot and by boat.

One of the earliest exploration missions included William Bradford, John Carver, Myles Standish, Edward Winslow, John Howland, Richard Warren, Stephen Hopkins and Edward Doty. Of this group Hopkins was the most experienced, having seen Indians during his time at Jamestown. According to Bradford, they set off in below freezing weather, many of the men already being ill, "and when the set sail the salt spray froze on their coats, as if they had been glazed". During their trip they saw Indians who looked like they were cutting up a large whale. When the Indians saw the men they ran away. The men camped and protected themselves from the cold and the Indians.

They located a place that would be Plymouth Colony in December. During the first expedition on foot, Bradford was caught up in a deer trap made by Native Americans and brought upside down. During the third exploration, on 6 December 1620, Bradford and the other men found Plymouth Bay. A winter storm nearly sank their boat as they came near the bay. The explorers were very cold and started to get sick. The waves were high but they landed on Clark's Island.

During this time, they searched areas all around the bay and found a place to live and build their homes. The location had a large hill. This hill is now called Burial Hill. It was a good place to build a fort for safety against any possible enemies. There were many brooks providing water. They would later find out that the site had been the location of a Native American village known as Patuxet; and that is why a large area had already been cleared for planting of food. The Patuxet tribe of Indians, between 1616 and 1619, had all died from bad sickness. Bradford later wrote that bones of the dead were easy to find in many places.

The "Mayflower" arrived in Plymouth Bay on 20 December 1620. The settlers began building the colony's first house on 25 December.

On January 11, 1621, as Bradford was helping to build houses when he was got a great pain in his hipbone and fell. Bradford was taken to the "common house" (the only house that was finished) and they thought he would die that night, but he did not.

Bradford got well but many of the pilgrims were not so fortunate. During the months of February and March 1621 sometimes two or three people died every day. By the end of the winter, half of the 100 settlers had died. They buried their dead in secret so the Native Americans would not see how many were dying. They buried them in Cole's Hill and tried to also hide the graves from the animals.

There were only a small number of men who were healthy. Everyone, including the children had to work and care for the sick. One of these was Captain Myles Standish. He was a soldier who had been hired by the settlers to protect the people of the colony. Standish cared for Bradford during his illness. They became good friends. Bradford had no military experience and when he became governor he would come to trust Captain Standish's advice on military matters.

William was chosen by the people to be Governor of Plymouth Colony. He kept journals (a written record) which are very important even today because they are the only history of how the Mayflower passengers and their families lived in Plymouth Colony. He died before he could finish the second book.

On March 16, the settlers had their first meeting with the Native Americans who lived in the region. Samoset, an Indian walked into the village of Plymouth and greeted them in English. Samoset had learned some English from the traders who had visited the area he was from. This soon led to a visit by Massasoit, the leader of the Pokanoket tribe. At that meeting, Massassoit made a treaty with Governor John Carver. The treaty said that they would be friends and protect each other against unfriendly Indians.

Bradford wrote down what was said. He would soon become governor and the treaty that was very important was the promise to help each other. This agreement was not liked by Massasoit's enemies in other tribes.

In April 1621, Governor Carver became sick while working in the fields on a hot day. He died a few days later. The settlers of Plymouth then chose Bradford as the new governor. Bradford would remain governor most of his life.

The elected leadership of Plymouth Colony was at first a governor and an assistant governor. The assistant governor for the first three years of the colony's history was Isaac Allerton. In 1624, it was changed to five assistants. This was called the "governor's council". These men gave advice to the governor and had a vote on important matters. They helped Bradford in managing the Colony. Assistants during the early years of the colony included Thomas Prence, Stephen Hopkins, John Alden, and John Howland.

William Bradford married Dorothy in Amsterdam, Holland on December 10, 1613. They had one son. Dorothy fell from the deck of the Mayflower into the water and drowned a short time after the ship landed. Her husband was on an exploring mission. John was born in Leiden, Holland and died in 1620.

His second wife was Alice Southwarth in Plymouth. They had three children. She died in Plymouth in March 1670 and was buried on Burial Hill in Plymouth near her husband.
Bradford wrote "Of Plymouth Plantation". It was a history about Plymouth colony. It is often called a journal. It was a collection of what he saw and what he thought was important. This was written in two books. The first book was written in 1630 but the second was never finished. During the years 1646 and 1650, he wrote about the colony's history up to 1646.

In "Of Plymouth Plantation", Bradford saw what was happening to be like what happened in the Bible. As Philip Gould writes, "Bradford hoped to show the workings of God to future generations." The book was not published until 1656, the year before his death, and it was well liked. Bradford has been called the father of American history. Many American authors have put what Bradford said in their books. Thomas Prence did so in his book named "A Chronological History of New-England in the Form of Annals." Today it is considered very important and studied in American schools and colleges. Bradford's journal was included in another work entitled "Mourt's Relation". This was written in part by Edward Winslow, and made into a book in England in 1622.

Homeless Bird

Homeless Bird is a book by Gloria Whelan, an American author, about life in India for a 13-year-old girl named Koly. Like many Indian girls her age, Koly becomes a teenage bride in an "arranged marriage." Her husband soon dies and Koly becomes a widow, living with her late husband's parents. When this situation doesn't last, Koly has to find a way to make her future. 

This book won the National Book Award in 2000 in the category of Young People's Literature. It has been translated into German, Spanish, and Polish.

Koly is a 13 year-old girl who lives in Vrindavan India with her parents and two brothers. Based on Indian tradition, her family has made an arranged marriage for her. Her husband is a sickly, young boy named Hari. Once they are married, Koly must go to live with his family. But soon Koly finds out that Hari has tuberculosis and he will die very soon. Hari's parents had decided to take Hari to the Ganges River and Koly comes along too. While going to the city of the Ganges River, Hari dies. When Hari dies, Koly becomes a widow. Koly's sassur (father- in-law) is a kind man who teaches students. He teaches Koly to read and shows her a book of poems signed by the author Tagore. Koly's sass (mother-in-law) is not a nice woman. She treats Koly as just another mouth to feed.

Hari's sister Chandra is soon married. Koly is sad because Chandra was her friend and now she is leaving. Soon Koly's sassur dies and now both Koly and her sass are widows. 

Sass and Koly are very poor. One day Sass gets a letter from her brother inviting them to live with him in Delhi. They make a stop in Vrindavan to pray at a temple. They take a rickshaw to the temple. Sass gives Koly money to buy lunch. Koly goes to buy the food but when she goes back to the temple her sass is not there. She looks around and cannot find her. Finally she sees the rickshaw driver. He tells her that her sass left on a train hours ago.

Koly cries because her sass has left her. The rickshaw driver says to go to the temple and pray so the monks will give her food. Koly is very unhappy and scared. She sees the rickshaw driver again and he offers to bring her to a house for widows. At the home Koly meets a nice widow named Tanu. Together they find jobs making marigold garlands and beaded bracelets. However, Koly's talent is embroidery. She finally gets a job embroidering. Her new boss' name is Mr. Das. 

Koly also teaches the rickshaw driver, Raji, how to read. Raji owns a farm and drives rickshaws for money. They talk and become friends. However he leaves to fix his farm.

At her new job, Koly makes friends with a girl named Mala. Mala is good at embroidery but very outspoken. Mala also steals expensive cloth and thread from Mr. Das. This later causes Mala to lose her job.

Raji comes back and tells Koly that he is fixing up his farm and building a home. He wants Koly to come to his farm with him. She is confused until Raji says he wants her as his wife. Koly is surprised that Raji wants to marry her because she is a widow, and in her society it is shameful to be a widow. However Raji wants to marry Koly because he does not care about appearance and only wants someone he can talk to. Koly is still unsure but agrees to think about it.

Tanu and Koly finally have enough money to buy a room for more widows to live in. Koly decorates the room with embroidered quilts.
In the summer Raji writes that he has built a room for her work on her embroidery. Koly is happy and agrees to marry him. She works on a wedding quilt and says they will marry when she is done embroidering it. She keeps her job, and agrees to take her work to Mr. Das every couple of weeks.

Koly, just like the homeless bird in one of the Tagore poems, has finally found her home.

Anne Hutchinson

Anne Hutchinson (baptized July 20, 1591 - 20 August 1643), was a religious dissenter in Puritan New England. Her parents are Francis Marbury and Bridget Dryden. Her father, being a clergy, homeschooled Anne Hutchinson. She got more education than most other girls at that time. She was the defendant in the most famous of the trials intended to suppress religious dissent in the Massachusetts Bay Colony. She was born Anne Marbury in Alford, Lincolnshire, England. She, her husband William, and their children left England for the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1634. Once settled, she began holding weekly meetings in her home to discuss sermons and theology. 

Her religious views did not agree with those of her Puritan neighbors. They believed good works were necessary for salvation. Hutchinson believed that only faith (Sola fide) was necessary. She also believed that God revealed himself to people without the help of the clergy. Community leaders viewed Hutchinson as a threat. She was found guilty of heresy in 1637, and told to leave the colony.

Hutchinson and her family moved first to Rhode Island. After her husband's death in 1642, she settled near present-day Pelham Bay on Long Island Sound. In 1643, Hutchinson, all her children except one, and all her servants were killed in an attack perpetrated by Native Americans. Her death was regarded by some in Massachusetts Bay as evidence of divine judgment.


Matariki Network of Universities

The Matariki Network of Universities (MNU) is an international group of universities created in 2010. Each member is leading international best practice in research and education based on long academic traditions.

"Matariki" in the Māori language designates the Pleiades star cluster, also known as the "Seven Sisters". It reflects seven founding member universities in the MNU.

As of September 2010 the founding members of the Matariki Network of Universities are (sorted by year established):

Johann Bernoulli

Johann Bernoulli (6 August 1667 – 1 January 1748) was a Swiss Calvinist mathematician. Several men in his family were mathematicians, including his brother Jacob Bernoulli. He is known for his work on infinitesimal calculus, and teaching Leonhard Euler when he was young.


Sant Ravidas Nagar district

Sant Ravidas Nagar () is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.

Sonbhadra district

Sonbhadra () is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.

Rampur district

Rampur (, ) is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.

Amroha district

Amroha District, previously known as Jyotiba Phule Nagar, is one of the 72 districts of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India.

Bijnor district

Bijnour () is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.

Jaunpur district

Jaunpur () is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Chandauli district

Chandauli () is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India.

Varanasi district

Varanasi () is a district of India. It is in Uttar Pradesh state.

Central Cross-Island Highway

The Central Cross-Island Highway () or Provincial Highway No.8 is one of three highway systems that connect the east and west coasts of Taiwan.

Construction of the Central Cross-Island Highway began on July 7, 1956 and it first opened to traffic on May 9, 1960.

The highway begins in the west at Dongshi District in Taichung. The highway used to go up into the Central Mountain Range along the Dajia River () valley through the townships of Guguan () and Cingshan (). At Lishan there is a branch that heads north to Yilan City. It goes through the mountains to Dayuling () which is the highest point of the route. Here another branch of the highway runs south from Dayuling to Wushe (). Continuing east from Dayuling, the highway goes down into Taroko National Park. It passes through Guanyuan (), Cih-en (), Luoshao () and Tiansiang () before entering Taroko Gorge. After the gorge the road then meets the eastern coastal Su'ao-Hualien Highway.

The highway goes through mountains. Rocks often fall and there can be landslides. Heavy rain from typhoons often push soil and rocks onto the highway so people cannot drive through parts of it. Earthquakes also damage the highway. On September 21, 1999 the Jiji earthquake caused a lot of damage to the highway and cut it in many places between Dongshih and Lishan.

There was so much damage in 1999 that repairing it would cost a lot of money. The damaged parts of the highway were supposed to re-open in 2004. However, heavy rain from the Typhoon Mindulle added more damage to the highway. These parts were closed. The highway is still closed between Lishan and Guguan. There is no plan to repair it, but the New Central Cross-Island Highway is another way across the island.


Azorina vidalii

Azorina vidalii (also known as the Azores bellflower) is the only species of the genus "Azorina" within the Campanulaceae, the bellflower family. This endemic species of the Azores is used as an ornamental plant in other countries besides the Azores.

It was first given the name "Campanula vidalii" by Hewett Cottrell Watson in "Hooker's Icones Plantarum", table DCLXXXIV (684); Watson gave it the specific name "vidalii" after "Capt. Vidal, R.N.", who collected the original plant. Heinrich Feer changed the name to "Azorina vidalii", creating a new genus "Azorina", in "Botanische Jahrbücher für Systematik, Pflanzengeschichte und Pflanzengeographie", 12, S. 611.

The Azores bellflower is an evergreen, perennial herbaceous plant that grows to a height of 80 to 150 centimetres. It produces branches at the base and these branches are woody in the lower part. The plant has dark green leaves.

The plant flowers from May to October. The inflorescence has many hanging, waxy, pale pink, bell-shaped flowers . The "Azorina vidalii" forma "alba" has, as the name suggests, white flowers. 

The Azores bellflower is rare and usually grows in holes in cliffs near the sea, below the 50 metres of altitude. It is usually accompanied by the plant "Salicornia", which also tolerate the salt in the wind coming from the sea. The plant is found in all the islands of the Azores archipelago, but not on the island of Graciosa.



Mars in fiction

Novels and short stories about Mars have been popular for over a hundred years. The planet's dramatic red color that some people can see is one reason for this. another is that the planet is close to Earth. Also, it looks somewhat like Earth. There are also stories about creatures from Mars on Earth and elsewhere.

Near the end of the 19th century, the astronomer 
Giovanni Schiaparelli reported seeing what he thought might be water channels on Mars. Because the Italian for channels is "canali", English translations tended to render the word as "canals", implying artificial construction. This led to the idea of intelligent beings on Mars before it apparently dried up.

The following works of fiction deal with the planet itself, with any assumed Martian civilization as part of its planetary landscape.

Several early modern writers, including Athanasius Kircher and Emanuel Swedenborg, hypothesized contact with Mars. Early science fiction about Mars often involved the first voyages to the planet, sometimes as an invasion force, more often for the purposes of exploration.






By the 1930s, stories about reaching Mars had become somewhat trite, and the focus shifted to Mars as an alien landscape. New stories were set in a time after human contact and basic exploration. Some were about the colonization of Mars or otherwise used Mars as a setting rather than a goal.




Beginning in 1965, the Mariner and Viking space probes revealed that the canals were an illusion, and that the Martian environment is extremely hostile to life. By the 1970s, the ideas of canals and ancient civilizations had to be abandoned.

Authors soon began writing stories based on the new Mars (frequently treating it as a desert planet). Most of these works have humans struggling to tame the planet, and some of them refer to terraforming (using technology to transform a planet's environment).

A common theme, particularly among American writers, is that of a Martian colony fighting for independence from Earth. It appeared already in Heinlein's "Red Planet" and is a major plot element in Greg Bear's "Moving Mars" and Kim Stanley Robinson's "Mars" trilogy. It is also part of the plot of the movie "Total Recall" and the television series "Babylon 5". Many video games also use this concept, such as the "Red Faction" and "Zone of the Enders" series. A historical rebellion of Mars against Earth is also mentioned in the "Star Trek" series of novels.

In the decades following Mariner and Apollo, the once-popular subgenre of realistic stories about a first expedition to Mars fell out of fashion, possibly due to the failure of the Apollo Program to continue on to Mars. The early 1990s saw a revival and re-envisioning of realistic novels about Mars expeditions. Early novels in this renaissance were Jack Williamson's novel "Beachhead" and Ben Bova's novel "Mars" (both 1992), which envisioned large-scale expeditions to Mars according to the thinking of the 1990s. These were followed by Gregory Benford's "The Martian Race" (1999), Geoffrey A. Landis's "Mars Crossing" (2000), and Robert Zubrin's "First Landing" (2002), which took as their starting points the smaller and more focussed expedition strategies evolved in the late 1990s, mostly building on the concepts of Mars Direct.





Several post-Mariner works are homages to the older phase of Mars fiction, circumventing the scientific picture of a dry and lifeless Mars with an unbreathable atmosphere through such science fiction generic staples as positing its future terraforming, or creating alternate history versions of Mars, where Burroughs' Barsoom, Bradbury's Martian Chronicles or The War of the Worlds are literal truth.



The Martian is a favorite character of classical science fiction; he was frequently found away from his home planet, often invading Earth, but sometimes simply a lonely character representing alienness from his surroundings. Martians, other than human beings transplanted to Mars, became rare in fiction after Mariner, except in exercises of deliberate nostalgia – more frequently in some genres, such as comics and animation, than in written literature.



Chang Gung University

Chang Gung University is a university in Taiwan. It was named after Wang Chang-gung, 's father. The main campus is in Taoyuan City. It was founded in 1987.


University of Otago

The University of Otago () in Dunedin is New Zealand's oldest university. Founded in 1869 the university opened in July 1871. Between 1874 and 1961 the University of Otago was a part of the University of New Zealand, and issued degrees in its name.

The University of Otago has ten libraries — seven based in Dunedin on the main university campus, the Education library in Southland, plus two medical libraries in Wellington and Christchurch. All libraries have wireless access.

The University of Otago had over 21,000 students enrolled during 2019.

Moradabad district

Moradabad district is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India, and Moradabad town is the district headquarters. Moradabad district is a part of Moradabad division. As of 2011 it is the second most populous district of Uttar Pradesh (out of 71), after Allahabad.

The district of Moradabad lies between 28°21´ to 28°16´ north latitude and 78°4´ to 79° east longitude. The district occupies an area of 3493 km and has a population of 2,761,620. The city is known for its export of brass handicrafts to North America and Europe, and is also thus called "Brass City" or Peetal Nagri. It has close to four million citizens of various ethnicities and religions.

The district of Moradabad lies east of the Ganges and west of the native state of Rampur. Its area is 2285 sq. m. It lies within the great Gangetic plain and is demarcated into three subdivisions by the rivers Ramganga and Sot. The eastern tract consists of a submontane country, with an elevation slightly greater than the plain below, and is traversed by numerous streams descending from the Himalayas. The central portion consists of a level central plain descending at each end into the valleys of the Ramganga and Sot. The western section has a gentle slope towards the Ganges, with a rapid dip into the lowlands a few miles from the bank of the great river.


According to the 2011 census Moradabad district has a population of 4,773,138, roughly equal to the nation of Singapore or the US state of Alabama. This gives it a ranking of 26th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 25.25%. 
In 2011 a new district named Sambhal district is formed with two sub districts of Moradabad district.
The rest of Moradabad district have a population of 3126507.The Muslim population in rest of Moradabad district is 1588297. 
Moradabad has a sex ratio of 903 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 58.67%.

Woody Island (South China Sea)

Woody Island, also known as Yongxing Island (永兴岛 or 永興島 or Yǒngxīng Dǎo) and known as Phu Lam Island (Đảo Phú Lâm), is the largest of the Paracel Islands in the South China Sea.

The island is controlled by the People's Republic of China. It is part of the city of Sansha. 

Soliders of the People's Liberation Army are stationed on the island. 

The island is also claimed by the Republic of China, and Vietnam



Begoña Basauri

María Begoña Basauri Díaz (born August 25, 1982 in Antofagasta) is a Chilean actress.

Urðarbrunnr

Urðarbrunnr (Old Norse for the "Well of Urðr") is a well in Norse mythology. It is situated under the Yggdrasil or the world tree. Norse mythology is a version of the older northern Germanic mythology. The gods would travel via the bifrost with the exception of Thor as it was thought that he would break the bridge which took the form of a rainbow, to Urðarbrunnr. Here they would meet and decide things, presumably laws of nature and magic and love and war.

Mario Party 5

Mario Party 5 is a party board video game for the Nintendo GameCube console. It is the fifth game in the "Mario Party" series. It was developed by Hudson Soft and published by Nintendo. It was released on November 10, 2003 in North America, on November 28, 2003 in Japan, and on December 5, 2003 in Europe.

"Mario Party 5" plays the same as the first four "Mario Party" games. Players go around on boards to collect coins, which they can use to buy stars. Movement is done with the use of a dice block with the numbers one through ten. After all four players take their turns, a mini-game is played. The player that wins the mini-game wins coins. The winner is the player with the most stars at the end of the game. Boards have different types of spaces, including blue spaces which add coins, red spaces which take away coins, and Bowser Spaces which causes Bowser to appear and do a bad event. The game introduces the DK Space, where Donkey Kong appears to cause an event to happen. Unlike Bowser events, these events are always good. Also new to the game is the Capsule system, which replaces the item system from past games. Capsules are containers that hold a single item. Players can get capsules by passing by the "Capsule Machine" on the board. Each capsule does something different, including increasing the number of dice blocks a player can roll, and taking away coins from an opponent. Capsules can be thrown up to ten spaces away. 

Ten characters are playable. New to the series as a playable character are Toad, Boo, and Koopa Kid. Because of the addition of the DK Space, Donkey Kong is no longer a playable character.

In addition to the main party game, players can also play a mode called Super Duel Mode. In Super Duel Mode, players build a battle vehicle to use in tournaments or fight against friends. Players are able to change their vehicle by using different parts. Parts can be bought with the points from mini-games.

Trace Cyrus

Trace Dempsey Cyrus (born Neil Timothy Helson; February 24, 1989) is an American musician. He was the former guitarist, songwriter and vocalist of Metro Station. He is the adopted son of Billy Ray Cyrus. 
Cyrus was born in Ashland, Kentucky to Billy Ray Cyrus and Leticia Finley. His parents are of Cherokee Native American, Dutch, English, French, German, Irish, Scottish and Welsh descent.

Jason Collins

Jason Paul Collins (born December 2, 1978) is a retired American basketball player. He was a center for the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Collins played college basketball for Stanford University and was named to the All-Pac-10 first team in 2001.

He was drafted by the New Jersey Nets with the 18th overall pick in the 2001 NBA Draft.

He helped the Nets reach the NBA finals in 2001 but they were swept by the Los Angeles Lakers. He played 7 seasons with the Nets and he was traded with cash considerations to the Memphis Grizzlies for Stromile Swift. He played 31 games for the Grizzlies and then he was traded to the Minnesota Timberwolves in an eight-player deal involving Kevin Love and O. J. Mayo. When his contract expired at the end of the 2008–09 NBA season, the Timberwolves didn't re-sign him and he signed with the Atlanta Hawks on September 2, 2009. He played 3 seasons with the Hawks and signed an undisclosed deal with the Boston Celtics. He was traded by the Celtics to the Washington Wizards on February 21, 2013 for Jordan Crawford.

His twin brother Jarron Collins also played in the NBA. On April 29, 2013, Collins wrote the cover story of Sports Illustrated in which he publicly come out as gay. He became the first active male professional athlete in any of the four major North American pro sports leagues to come out. He said that he chose the jersey number 98 in honor of Matthew Shepard, a victim of a gay hate crime in 1998. Collins said that the number was "a statement to myself, my family and my friends".


Valley Forge National Historical Park

Valley Forge National Historical Park (est. 1976) is a United States National Historical Park north of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The park covers . It contains historical buildings, recreated cabins, museums, memorials, and recreation facilities. The park welcomes visitors and gives talks about the history of the boom shacks site.

It was at Valley Forge that General George Washington quartered the American Continental Army during the bitterly cold winter of 1777–1778. Many soldiers suffered or died of cold, sickness, and starvation. Valley Forge was not a battlefield. Washington wrote on February 16, 1778, "Naked and starving as they are we cannot enough admire the incomparable patience and fidelity of the soldiery."


Italian neorealism

Italian neorealism describes a movement in Italian cinema. Films such as Rome, Open City and Bicycle Thieves, from the 1940s, were filmed in the streets rather than a studio and told stories about poor people living difficult lives. Among neorealists are Michelangelo Antonioni and Federico Fellini.


Martha Greenhouse

Martha Miriam Greenhouse (June 14, 1921 – January 5, 2013) was an American stage, movie and television actress. She was an actors' union leader. She appeared on many television programs including "Route 66", "Car 54, Where Are You?", "Law & Order", "The Jackie Gleason Show", "The Phil Silvers Show", and "Ryan's Hope".

Greenhouse was born on June 14, 1921 in Omaha, Nebraska. She died on January 5, 2013 in her home in New York City, New York from natural causes, aged 91.

Susan Tyrrell

Susan Tyrrell (born Susan Jillian Creamer; March 18, 1945 – June 16, 2012) was an American actress, painter, and writer. She is known for her Best Supporting Actress Oscar-nominated performance as Oma in "Fat City", and for her role as Ramona Rickettes in the John Waters movie "Cry-Baby". In 2000, she was diagnosed with thrombocythemia which led to amputation of both her legs below the knee. She spent the years painting and writing. she died from blood disease at age 67 in Austin Texas in June 2012


Nicol Williamson

Nicol Williamson (14 September 1938 – 16 December 2011) was a Scottish actor who was known for his first role in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". He was also known for being in many plays.

Williamson was born on 14 September 1938 in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, Scotland. He studied at the Central Grammar School for Boys, Birmingham and at Birmingham School of Speech & Drama. Williamson was married to Jill Townsend from 1971 until they divorced in 1977. They had one son, Luke. Williamson died on 16 December 2011 in Amsterdam, Netherlands from esophageal cancer, aged 73.


Yale Summers

Yale Summers (July 26, 1933 – May 6, 2012) was an American actor. He was known for his role in "Daktari". He was an active member of the Screen Actors Guild. 

Summer was born on July 26, 1933 in Manhattan, New York City. He was married to Suzie Summers until his death in 2012. They had two children. Summers died on May 6, 2012 in Beverly Hills, California from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 78. 

Yvette Wilson

Yvette Renee Wilson (March 6, 1964 – June 14, 2012) was an American comedian and actress. She was best known for her role as Andell Wilkerson in "Moesha" and its spinoff "The Parkers".

Wilson was born on March 6, 1964 in Los Angeles, California. She studied at San Jose State Univeristy. Wilson died on June 14, 2012 in Los Angeles, California from cervical cancer and kidney disease, aged 48.

Tony Epper

John Anthony "Tony" Epper (October 1, 1938 – July 20, 2012) was an American actor and stuntman. He was a member of the Epper family, whose members work as actors and stunt performers. He is known for his roles in "Ma and Pa Kettle at Home", "Carbine Williams", and "The Story of Will Rogers".

Epper was born on October 1, 1938 in Los Angeles, California. He was married to Donna Epper until his death in 2012. He had two children and two step-children. Epper died on July 20, 2012 in his home in Boise, Idaho from cancer, aged 73.

Karl Albrecht

Karl Hans Albrecht (20 February 1920 – 16 July 2014) was a German entrepreneur. He founded the supermarket chain Aldi with his brother Theo. In October 2012, Albrecht was listed as one of the richest people in the world with an estimated net worth of US$22.6 billion.

Previously, Forbes listed him as one of richest men in the world, with an estimated net worth in 2011 of US$25.4 billion. That made him 10th in the 2012 Forbes list of billionaires. He was the oldest billionaire in the Top 20 list. Albrecht was the richest person in Germany, and the fourth-richest in Europe.

Albrecht was born on 20 February 1920 in Essen, Germany. He was married. He has two children. Albrecht lived in Mulheim an der Ruhr, Germany.

Albrecht died in Essen, Germany from natural causes, aged 94.


Liliane Bettencourt

Liliane Henriette Charlotte Schueller, married name Bettencourt (21 October 1922 – 21 September 2017), was a French heiress, socialite, businesswoman and philanthropist. 

She was one of the principal shareholders of L'Oréal. According to Forbes, she was the richest woman in the world, making her the tenth richest person in the world with a net worth of US$36.4 billion, as of the 2015 version of "The World's Billionaires".

Bettencourt was born on 21 October 1922 in Paris, France. She was married to André Bettencourt from 1950 until his death in 2007. They had one child, a daughter, Françoise. Bettencourt lived and died in Paris.

Bettencourt died in Paris, France on 21 September 2017 at the age of 94.


Chill-out music

Chill-out music began in Europe during the early-1990s. It includes different types of electronic music that are meant to have a mellow style as well as mid-tempo beats. Ambient, ambient house, trip-hop, nu jazz, Chillow pop, New Age and some other sub-genres of downtempo are mainly associated with chill-out music.

This genre of music is played in "chill rooms" at dance clubs to allow dancers a chance to relax and take a break from the more vigorous and fast-tempo type of music that is played on the main dance floor. In 1992, a UK regulation required dance clubs to have chill-out rooms and free water because of a number of Ecstasy-related injuries and deaths.

Human Nature (Madonna song)

"Human Nature" is a single from American singer-songwriter Madonna. It is from her album "Bedtime Stories", which was released in Autumn 1994. The song was written and produced by Madonna and released in June 1995. The song is about humor, sex and sarcasm. It was written in response to the huge backlash to her 1992 record "Erotica" and her coffee table book "Sex".

This single got mixed reviews by the critics, although it was a moderate hit in America, Australia and the United Kingdom. There are many versions of this song.

Crore

A crore is the number 10^7, equal to 10 million or 100 lakh. It is used in India for money and as a number. In India it is written 1,00,00,000 and in other countries it is written 10,000,000.

Phrenology

Phrenology is the study of human characteristics according to shape of the skull. It was popular until around the 1900s, when scientists started to discourage against it. Today, it is considered a pseudoscience.

Orbital inclination

Orbital inclination is a term for the angle between two orbital planes. It is often used to describe the movement of celestial bodies such as stars and planets. 

One of the planes is the standard, or reference. The galactic plane of a galaxy is often used as the reference. 

FC Biel-Bienne

FC Biel-Bienne is the most successful football club in the city of Biel/Bienne, Switzerland. The club was founded on 13 November 1896. The club played in a stadium called ‘Jardin Anglais’ at the beginning. They went to the Gurzelen Stadium in the year 1913. There they still play today. The Gurzelen Stadium has a capacity of 15,000.

The club got the name FC Biel-Bienne in 1911. Before they were called ‘Football-Club de Bienne’. During World War I they didn’t play in the league but they did a lot of charity projects.
FC Biel-Bienne plays in the Challenge League today. The second best football league in Switzerland.

They moved to the First League in the season 1989/90. This is the best League of Amateur-football in Switzerland. They went to the Challenge League again in 2008.
Because the Gurzelen Stadium is very old, FC Biel/Bienne has to play on the ‘Maladière Stadium’ in Neuenburg. But the club can come back in 2014 because the new stadium is going to be built. It will be opened in 2015.

The president of the FC Biel-Bienne is Jean-Marc Hofstetter. He became president in 2013.
Before it was Jean-Pierre Senn.
The coach of the club is Phillipe Perret.
In 1947 they became Swiss Champion. In 1961 they reached the final of the Swiss Cup. In 2011 they reached they reached the semifinal of the Swiss Cup. In 1968 they won the Uhrencup.

Catharina-Amalia, Princess of Orange

Catharina-Amalia, Princess of Orange (given names: "Catharina-Amalia Beatrix Carmen Victoria"; born 7 December 2003) is the oldest child of King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands, and Queen Máxima. On 30 April 2013, she became the heiress apparent to the Dutch throne when her father became king.

Princess Catharina-Amalia was born on 7 December 2003 at HMC Bronovo in The Hague. On 12 June 2004, Catharina-Amalia was baptized by Reverend Carel ter Linden in the Grote, or St. Jacob's, Church in The Hague.

Princess Catharina-Amalia was enrolled in Bloemcamp school in Wassenaar on 10 December 2007. Her birthdays are usually celebrated with a concert at Kloosterkerk, The Hague. The concerts are attended by ambassadors and members of the royal household and the Council of State of the Netherlands. On her seventh birthday, a Douglas C-47 Skytrain once owned by her great-grandfather Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld, was named after Catharina-Amalia by Peter Hartman. The princess herself did not go to the naming ceremony because of school obligations.

On 28 January 2013, it was stated that Queen Beatrix would abdicate on 30 April. Because of this, Princess Catharina-Amalia, as the heiress apparent to her father, would take the title of Princess of Orange. She is the first person to have this title. After her father became king, she still lives in Wassenaar, but will eventually move with her family to Huis ten Bosch. Princess Catharina-Amalia has had a seat in the Advisory Division of the Council of State of the Netherlands since she turned 18-years-old (age of majority).


Her official title in Dutch is "Hare Koninklijke Hoogheid De Prinses van Oranje"

Queen Beatrix abdicated the Dutch throne on 30 April 2013. Upon the abdication, Princess Catharina-Amalia became the Princess of Orange as heiress apparent.

As a daughter of one of the 2 Heads of the House, when she becomes 18 years old, she "will become" :


Nitro compound

A nitro compound is a molecule that has the nitro group. The nitro group is made of one nitrogen atom connected with two oxygen atoms (-NO). The nitrogen is also bonded to the rest of the molecule.

Nitrogen normally has only three bonds. In a nitro group, the bond is considered positively charged. Then one bond of the oxygen is negatively charged, and the other has a double bond. In reality, the best way to represent the nitro group is to consider it to have delocalized electrons. Then all three atoms are sp hybridised.

Nitro compounds are very explosive. This is because, at high temperature, nitro compounds can decompose and release nitrogen gas. This reaction is very exothermic (gives out a lot of energy). Many explosives have nitro groups, for example trinitrotoluene (TNT).

Smuggling

Smuggling means illegal transport of goods, objects substances or information across state, national or international borders. Smugglers do this for various reasons including avoiding tariffs.


André Le Nôtre

André Le Nôtre (12 March 1613 – 15 September 1700) was a French landscape architect and gardener serving King Louis XVI of France. He designed and constructed the formal gardens at the Palace of Versailles. Other gardens and parks in France he designed include those of Vaux-le-Vicomte, Chantilly, Fontainebleau, Saint-Cloud, Saint-Germain-en-Laye, and the Tuileries. Le Notre's style of garden design was widely imitated in Europe, but without his taste and sound professional judgement. In the 18th century, his designs at Versailles influenced the master plan for Washington, D.C. 

Karen Doggenweiler

Karen Sylvia Doggenweiler Lapuente (born August 27, 1969 in Puerto Varas) is a popular Chilean journalist and TV presenter.

She is married to the Chilean politician Marco Enríquez-Ominami.

TVN


Julio César Rodríguez

Julio César Rodríguez (born on 1969 in Hualpén) is a Chilean journalist and television presenter.

TVN

Zona Latina

Canal 13

Vive Deportes

Chilevisión
YouTube


Dallas (2012 TV series)

Dallas is an American television soap opera. The show airs on TNT. It started on June 13, 2012. It is a revival of the 1978-1991 television series of the same name. It continues from where the original series left off. The cast includes Patrick Duffy, Larry Hagman, Linda Gray, Josh Henderson, and Jesse Metcalfe.

The series was cancelled on October 3, 2014.

Like the original series, "Dallas" is about the Ewings, a family from Texas involved in oil and cattle ranching. The new series focuses on the next generation of the Ewings. The next generation of the Ewings are the children who were born during the original series. As grown-ups, the children have become a lot like their parents. Three characters from the original series, Bobby, J.R., and Sue Ellen, return as main characters.

Televisa

Grupo Televisa, S.A.B. () is a Mexican multimedia mass media company and the largest in Hispanic America and the Spanish-speaking world. and in the Spanish-speaking World. It is a major international entertainment business, with much of its programming airing in the United States on Univision, with which it has an exclusive contract.

Televisa produces telenovelas since 1959. The most successful telenovelas was:




It is headed by Leopoldo Gómez, the Vice President of News for Televisa.


Inclosure Act 1773

The Inclosure Act 1773 (13 Geo 3. c. 81) (also known as the Enclosure Act 1773) is an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain. The Act is still in force in the United Kingdom. It created a law that allowed landowners to enclose land and remove the right of commoners to use the land. This act was a big part of the agrarian revolution.

Eric Koston

Eric Koston (born April 29, 1975) is an American professional skateboarder. He was born in Bangkok, Thailand. Now he is living in California in the United States. 

Eric grew up in San Bernardino in California. He started to skateboard in 1986 at the age of 11 years old when his brother gave him his old skateboard. He picked up skateboarding quickly and later went to a skate camp where he met Eddie Elguera, who realized his potential as a professional skateboarder. He was in grade 10 when he dropped out of school to become a full time skateboarder. 

In 1992, Koston moved to Los Angeles where Natas Kaupas got him into the 101 team. In 101, he established himself as a leading switch stance skateboarder. He did many switch tricks like the nollie flip nose slide and the switch kick flip backside tail slide. He also took a switch 360 flip down the Embarcadero 7. He was finally sponsored and became a pro-skater in 1993 when he joined the H-Street Team and moved into the team house. Later, in 1993, he created the Fourstar clothing company. He also invented many skateboard tricks. Even though he didn't invent it himself, Koston's main signature trick is the "K Grind" (for Koston) after mastering it and showing it on a video. The "K Grind" is only a crooked grind. His stance is goofy, but he is known for his ability to skate switch. He possesses the technical skill and commitment to create the practice of new tricks, either on the streets, or in competition. He is known for commercializing the competitive, HORSE-derivative game of S.K.A.T.E. Eric Koston appears in the Electronic Arts (EA games) video games Skate 2 and Skate 3. He also is in the Laikai video named Fully Flared where he does a perfect fakie 360 flip down the four stairs. Eric Koston is still skateboarding. He can be seen at the Battle of the Berrics which are games of S.K.A.T.E. in their co-own skate park. 


Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 4

Britain's Next top Model, Cycle 4 is the fourth season of "Britain's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 14 contestants. The winner was 18-year old Alex Evans.


1.
"casting episode"

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.


Leper window

A leper window was a window built low in the chancel wall of some medieval churches. It was usually iron barred and shuttered. Lepers stood outside and watched Mass through this window.


Eurocopter EC120 Colibri

The Eurocopter EC120 Colibri is a light helicopter designed and built in France and Germany, with help of China and Singapore. The name of Colibri is the french translation for hummingbird. It is built by Eurocopter in Marignane. Its first flight was in 1995. Some are used by the Chinese, French and Spanish air forces mainly for training.

Women's Rights National Historical Park

Women's Rights National Historical Park (est.1980) consists of four historical properties in Seneca Falls and Waterloo, New York. These properties are important to women's rights. They are the Wesleyan Chapel (the site of the first Women's Rights Convention); the Elizabeth Cady Stanton House; the M'Clintock House; and the Richard Hunt House. The park consists of 6.83 acres (27,600 m²). It includes a visitor center and an education and cultural center. 

The Votes For Women History Trail (est. 2009) is administered through the Park. It is a motor vehicle route of sites in upstate New York important to women's rights. Sites include the Susan B. Anthony House; the Mount Hope Cemetery; Antoinette Louisa Brown Blackwell Childhood Home; the M'Clintock House; and The Women's Rights National Historic Park itself.


Trams in Biel

There was a tram system in Biel, Switzerland, from 1877 to 1948. As the idea of having trams was not popular, there was only one route from Bözingen to Nidau.
The tram was originally a horse carriage on rails. There were only a few carriages from other tram systems. Although it was very small there were summer and winter carriages.
After Biel City bought the system in 1901, it became electrical with more carriages and a bigger route. The tram was not very popular and the owner did not earn much money. This was the reason why only very few routes were built.
All the four routes started at the train station in Biel, today known as ‘Zentralplatz’. The tram to Meinisberg went through Mett but because there was a big distance between Biel and Meinisberg, there were only a few stations.
Biel City started to reduced the system in 1930. First, route 1 and 2 became route 1. Then, in 1940, routes 2 and 3 were replaced by buses and finally, route 1 became a bus route, too.

Biel has a well-organized bus system since 1948. It grew more and more and is quite large, with over 15 different routes today. Some of them use the old tram routes but more were added, especially in the last 20 years. There are also different bus types today. Some are electrical, others run on fuel.

Gennevilliers

Gennevilliers is a town in France near Paris. It is in the region Île-de-France and the department of Hauts-de-Seine. About 41,000 people live there.

Gennevilliers has a town hall, two fire stations, a police station, three post office, and a customs station.

Gennevilliers has an old church from 17th century called Saint Marie Madeleine.
At least Gennevilliers has got a movie theatre, a modern theatre, a music school, and a fine art school.

The main sports played in Gennevilliers are : Football, rugby, swimming, dance, archery, and kayak

Gennevilliers is famous for his port, the Port de Gennevilliers, one of the most important in France, and the first one on the river Seine. Gennevilliers has 3 stations of the Paris Métro Line 13 : "Gabriel Péri", "Les Agnettes", and "Les Courtilles". Urban train line C come to Gennevilliers. City is also served by 6 tram stations : "Parc des Chantereine", "Gare de Gennevilliers", "Timbaud", "Le Village", "Le Luth", and "Les Courtilles". Two highways converge in Gennevilliers, the "A15" and "A86".


Renault Master

The Renault Master is a series of light trucks and minibuses produced by French manufacturer Renault from 1980 to present.

Opel and Vauxhall did make the same vehicle until 2020 but with different names, The names are: Opel Movano and Vauxhall Movano. These names were later reused in 2020 for a rebadged Fiat Ducato.


Cumberland Gap National Historical Park

Cumberland Gap National Historical Park (est. June 11, 1940) is a United States National Historical Park at the borders Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia. The park covers . It includes a visitors' center, museum, and gift shop.

The Cumberland Gap is a large natural break in the Appalachian Mountains. Historically, the gap was fertile hunting ground used by Native Americans. About 1775, it became the main route for settlers moving west into Kentucky. Between 1775 and 1810 as many as 300,000 settlers may have used the gap. Tours are led to the park's Hensley Settlement, an early 20th century Kentucky mountain community, and trips are made to Gap Cave which was once used for shelter by traveling Indians and settlers. Appalachian music festivals and concerts are held in the park.


Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 2

Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 2 is the second season of "Britain's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 13 contestants. The winner was 18-year old Lianna Fowler from Derby, England.



1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.


Italophilia

Italophilia is the admiration, general appreciation or love of Italy, its culture, society, arts and people. It is often related to the emulation of Italy's ideals and civilization.

The term is used in two basic contexts: in international politics and in cultural context.

"Italophilia", "Italophile", and "Italophilic" are the terms used to denote pro-Italian sentiments, usually in politics and literature.

A huge italophilia started to develop in Europe during the centuries of the Italian Renaissance.

Actually one of the main reasons of Italophilia in the world is that Italy is home to more World Heritage Sites than any other nation in the world. These sites are culturally important and value according to UNESCO. Indeed about 60% of the works of art of the world are in Italy.

Another reason is the worlwide appreciation for Italian culinary and foods. Italy is also a big wine producer. In 2005 it made over 5 million tonnes, and many italian wines are very famous in the world, like the "Chianti".

Indeed in the American countries with a huge Italian emigration in the last centuries, there it is a widespread italophilia: Argentina, Brasil, Uruguay, Venezuela, Canada and the USA have millions of Italian descendants who promote in their society the love and appreciation for Italy.

Actually Giorgio Silvestri (director of the "Assemblea legislativa della Liguria") has calculated that there are nearly 250 million italophiles in the world.



DeWitt Clinton

DeWitt Clinton (March 2, 1769 – February 11, 1828) was an early American politician and statesman. He graduated in law from Columbia University in 1790. From 1790 to 1795 he served as private secretary to his uncle, George Clinton. 

Clinton was born in Little Britain, New York. He was married to Maria Franklin. They had ten children, but only three survived. Clinton then married Catharine Jones from 1819 until his death in 1828. His son, George William Clinton, served as mayor of Buffalo, New York.

He served in the New York State Legislature (1797–1798) and the New York Senate (1798–1802). He served the U.S. Senate (1802–1803). He served 10 terms as Mayor of New York City (1803–1815). During his 10 terms as mayor, he promoted public education, city planning, public sanitation, and relief for the poor. 

Clinton also held office as state senator (1806–1811) and lieutenant governor (1811–1813). From 1810 to 1824, he served as New York Canal Commissioner. In 1812, he lost the race for President of the United States to James Madison. He was Governor of New York State (1817–1823, 1825–1828). He supported a plan to build a canal through upstate New York to connect the east with the Midwest. He became such a strong supporter of the New York plan that his opponents called it "Clinton's Ditch". He is sometimes known as the Father of the Erie Canal. 

Clinton died from heart failure in Albany, New York, aged 58.


TV Azteca

TV Azteca, is a Mexican multimedia conglomerate owned by Grupo Salinas. It is the second-largest mass media company in Mexico after Televisa. As of 2017, it competes in Mexico with Televisa.

It operates two television networks in Mexico: Azteca 7 and Azteca Uno. It also operates repeaters and affiliate stations in most major and minor cities.

In the 1990s, during the presidency of Carlos Salinas de Gortari, several companies were privatized, including Imevisión (Spanish: "Instituto Mexicano de Televisión"; English "Mexican Television Institute"), which owned two channels (Red Nacional 7 and Red Nacional 13), which after its privatization, it would be renamed "Televisión Azteca, S.A de C.V" (except Canal 22 would pass under the power of Conaculta).


Dulwich College

Dulwich College is a boarding school for boys aged 718 in Dulwich in south London. It is one of the largest fee-paying schools in England. It was started in 1619 by Edward Alleyn. In 2013 88% of students got 100% A*/A in their A Levels. It is a member of the Eton Group.

Amongst the many famous pupils was Joseph Bazalgette, who cleaned the London water supply, and was knighted in 1875.


Taurus (constellation)

Taurus is a constellation in the northern sky. "Taurus" means "bull" in Latin. It is a constellation of the zodiac, which means that it crosses the ecliptic. The astronomer named Ptolemy listed Taurus when he made a list of 48 constellations. It is one of the 88 modern constellations that were made by the International Astronomical Union.

The star clusters Pleiades and Hyades are in Taurus. Taurus also contains the Crab Nebula, which is a supernova remnant. The brightest star in Taurus is a red giant star called Aldebaran.

The Pink Panther 2

The Pink Panther 2 is a comedy movie released in 2009. It is the sequel to the movie "The Pink Panther". In this movie, Inspector Jacques Clouseau (Steve Martin) is assigned to catch a burglar called "The Tornado". The Tornado has stolen the famous Pink Panther Diamond.

This movie also stars Kevin Kline, Beyoncé Knowles, and Jean Reno.


Boston National Historical Park

The Boston National Historical Park (est. October 1, 1974) is a group of eight sites in Boston, Massachusetts associated with the American Revolutionary War: the Bunker Hill Monument; Charlestown Navy Yard; Dorchester Heights; Faneuil Hall; Old North Church; Old South Meeting House; Old State House; and the Paul Revere House.

Organolithium reagent

Organolithium compounds contain a direct bond between a carbon atom and a lithium atom. They are an important class of organometallic compound. The bonding between the carbon and lithium is highly polar due to the difference in electronegativity between these atoms, which effectively makes the carbon negatively charged and capable of acting as a strong base or nucleophile. These compounds are similar to Grignard reagents, but are much more reactive. Organolithium reagents such as butyllithium are widely commercially available. Due to their highly reactive nature, they must be handled under a protective atmosphere such as nitrogen or argon as they will catch fire in air.

Bieler Braderie

The Braderie (, ) is a festival celebrated every year in Biel, Switzerland at the end of June. In 2013, the festival will start on 28 June and end on 30 June.

The main part of the festival takes place between the train station Biel and the Nidaugasse. There are over 100 stalls every year, which sell different things. The shops in Biel usually do their sales in this week, because many people are in the streets during the festival. A stage is set up in the front of the Apollo Cinema. Bands and singers present their music on this stage. The Braderie is known for a lot of famous Swiss stars, for example, Stress, DJ Antoine and Pegasus.

The Braderie began in 1936. Since 1930 and the big economic crisis, the people of Biel were searching for a way to improve the economy of Biel. The festival was started by Miggi Tièche and Carlo Schneeberger. The first Braderie was a big success. Originally known simply as a solution for the crisis, the Braderie began to be a part of Biel's calendar. There were three Braderies between 1937 and 1939. During World War II, they had to stop the Braderie. The break ended only in 1947, and then the Braderie started again, and it was known as "Bieler Sommerfest" (Biel Summer Celebration). Because of the long history from the Braderie, it is common today for most of the stores in Biel to make their sales during the Braderie.


Alba Quezada

Alba Quezada (born Alba Pilar Fuenzalida Figueroa on August 28, 1985 in Chillán) is a Chilean model and television presenter.


Begonia

Begonia is a genus of perennial flowering plants. The genus contains about 1,400 different plant species. Begonias are found in moist subtropical and tropical climates. Some species are often grown indoors as houseplants.

Ingrid Cruz

Ingrid Elena Cruz Toro (born 1 July 1975 in Antofagasta) is a Chilean actress.

Lucía Hiriart

María Lucía Hiriart Rodríguez (10 December 1923 – 16 December 2021), also known as Lucía Hiriart de Pinochet, was the wife of former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet. She was First Lady of Chile from 1973 to 1990. She was born in Antofagasta, Chile.

On 30 December 2018, Hiriart was hospitalized after falling at her home in Santiago de Chile. She fractured her arm and multiple ribs.

Hiriart died in Santiago de Chile on 16 December 2021 from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by heart disease, six days after her 98th birthday.


Carolina Mestrovic

Carolina Verónica Mestrovic Moroni (born 20 July 1991, in Arica) is a Chilean singer, actress and television presenter.

Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 3

Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 3 is the third season of "Britain's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 12 contestants. The winner was 18-year-old Lauren McAvoy.


1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.


Britain &amp; Ireland's Next Top Model (series 7)

Britain's & Ireland's Next Topmodel, Cycle 7 is the seventh season of "Britain & Ireland's Next Top Model". Tis cycle includes 13 contestants. The winner was 20-year-old Jade Thompson from Stoke on Trent, England.

"(ages stated are at time of contest)"


1.-4.
"casting episodes"

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.
"recap episode"

11.

12.

13.

Anglo-Zulu War

The Anglo-Zulu War was a war fought from 1879 to 1887 between the Zulu people and the British Empire. There was no declaration of war. The war was fought in South Africa, mostly. The Zulu were victorious at first, and won the Battle of Isandlwana. Later their luck turned, and the British Empire won the Battle of Ulundi. The Zulu lost the war, and the Zulu Kingdom ceased to exist as an independent state. Today, the area is part of South Africa, and is called KwaZulu-Natal.

Amanda Bresnan

Amanda Bresnan (born 4 December 1971) is an Australian politician. She is a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. Bresnan was elected to the ACT Legislative Assembly from the electorate of Brindabella in the 2008 election. She was defeated at the 2012 election

Bresnan grew up in Brisbane. She studied at Griffith University. Bresnan entered the ACT Government's Graduate Program and later became a senior policy officer in ACT Health. She went on to become policy manager for the Consumers’ Health Forum of Australia and the director of policy at the Mental Health Council of Australia.

Bresnan ran for election for the electorate of Molonglo in the Australian Capital Territory general election in 2004. She did not win in the multi-member electorate. However, the Greens' main candidate, Deb Foskey, was elected.

In the 2007, Bresnan ran for the House of Representatives seat of Canberra. In June 2008, the ACT Greens said that Bresnan would stand for election in Brindabella.

Bresnan main interest dealth with Health, Mental Health, Transport, Disability, Housing, Ageing, Multicultural Affairs, Industrial Relations and Corrections. She is also the ACT Greens' Party Whip.


Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 5

Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 5 is the fifth season of "Britain's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 13 contestants. The winner 19-year-old was Mecia Simson from Plymouth, England.

"(ages stated are at time of contest)"


1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

Queen Liliʻuokalani

Queen Liliʻuokalani (September 2, 1838-November 11, 1917) was the last monarch of the Kingdom of Hawaii. She was well educated and traveled widely. She married John Owen Dominis on September 16, 1862. He became the Governor of Oahu and Maui. The couple had no children. She was an accomplished musician. "Aloha ʻOe" is her best-known composition.

In 1891, Liliʻuokalani became Queen of Hawaii when her brother, the king, died. In 1893, she wanted a new constitution. This caused the American minister in Hawaii great concern. American soldiers took over the ʻIolani Palace and other government buildings. In 1894, they removed Queen Liliʻuokalani as queen. The United States set up a provisional government. It became the Republic of Hawaii.

The Hawaiian people were on the side of their Queen. President Grover Cleveland offered to return the throne if she granted amnesty to all involved in the takeover of her kingdom. She refused, but then changed her mind and agreed. She was denied her reinstatement by the Provisional Government. On July 4, 1894, the Republic of Hawaii began. Liliʻuokalani died on November 11, 1917 following a stroke.


Couleur

Couleur (from French, in English "colour", or in the United States "color") is the word which is used for the headgear and ribbons worn by members of some Central European student societies (Studentenverbindungen).


Zirkel (Studentenverbindung)

A Zirkel is a symbol used in Central European student societies (Studentenverbindungen).

A "Zirkel" consists of interwined lines, mostly followed by an exclamation mark. The lines mostly show the first letters of the name of the "Studentenverbindung" and/or the letters v, c, f or e, f, v.

Meaning of v-c-f:

Meaning of e-f-v:

The meaning of the exclamation mark is not quite clear.

The members of the "Studentenverbindung" use the "Zirkel" as sign on Couleur or other things (such as beer glasses, etc). If a member signs in affairs of its "Studentenverbindung" it places the "Zirkel" after its signature. This use is similar to the use of postnominals in Anglo-Saxon countries.


Zirkel

Zirkel may refer to:


Masha Rasputina

Masha Rasputina (, born "Alla Ageeva", 13 May 1965, Urop, Belovsky District, Kemerovo Oblast) is a Russian pop singer. She is known for her over-the-top, husky vocal style, fiery stage persona and flamboyant image. 

Rasputina has been married twice. She has two daughters, Lidia Yermakova and Maria Zakharova (born 8 September 2000).



Alla Pugacheva

Alla Borisovna Pugacheva (, or Pugachova, ), born 15 April 1949), is а Russian singer. She has a "clear mezzosoprano and a full display of sincere emotions". She is the most successful Soviet and Russian performer in terms of record sales and popularity. She became a of the Russian SFSR in 1980, in 1985 and in 1991. She is the mother of actress and singer, Kristina Orbakaitė.


Jorge Drexler

Jorge Drexler (born Jorge Abner Drexler Prada; 21 September 1964) is an Uruguayan musician, actor, and doctor.

In 2004, Drexler become the first Uruguayan ever to win an Academy Award. He won for composing the song "Al Otro Lado del Río" from "The Motorcycle Diaries".



Aloha ʻOe

"Aloha ʻOe" ("Farewell to Thee") is a song by Queen Lili'uokalani, the last monarch of the Kingdom of Hawaii. It was written in 1878. The song tells of a farewell between two lovers. 


2012–13 UEFA Champions League

The 2012–13 UEFA Champions League was the 58th season of Europe's top club football competition organized by UEFA. It was the 21st season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League.

The final match took place at Wembley Stadium in London, England, to celebrate the 150th anniversary of England's Football Association. Bayern Munich won the final by beating Borussia Dortmund 2–1 with a late goal from Arjen Robben. It was Bayern's 10th final, their first European Cup title in 12 years, and their fifth overall. This was also the first final featuring two German teams and the fourth final with teams from the same association.

Chelsea, the previous champions, were eliminated in the group stage which was a first for title holders. However, they went on to win the 2013 UEFA Europa League, becoming the first team to hold both the Europa League and Champions League titles at the same time.

The final was played on 25 May 2013 at Wembley Stadium in London, England.

2011–12 UEFA Champions League

The 2011–12 UEFA Champions League was the 57th UEFA Champions League. The champions were Chelsea. No third place match was played, as usual, but the teams defeated in the semi-finals were Real Madrid and FC Barcelona. FC Barcelona was the defending champions, but they were eliminated in the semi finals.

FC Bayern Munich defeated Real Madrid 3-3 (penalties) in aggregate. FC Barcelona were defeated by Chelsea 3-2 in aggregate.

Chelsea defeated FC Bayern Munich 1-1 (4-3 with penalties).

Sofía Castro

Angélica Sofía Castro Rivera (born October 30, 1996 in Mexico City) is a Mexican actress and model. Her step-father is the current President of Mexico and her mother is an actress.

Felipe Calderón

Felipe de Jesús Calderón Hinojosa (born August 18, 1962) is a Mexican politician. He was President of Mexico from 1 December 2006 to 30 November 2012. He is a member of the Partido Acción Nacional (PAN), one of the three major Mexican political parties.

Calderón was born on August 18, 1962 in Morelia, Mexico. He studied at Free School of Law, at Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico, and at Harvard University. Calderón has been married to Margarita Zavala since 1993. She ran for president in the 2018 election, but dropped out of the race.

Calderón is Chairperson of Global Commission for the Economy and Climate which issued The New Climate Economy Report.

Felipe Calderón was born in Morelia, Michoacán, Mexico on August 18, 1962. He is the youngest of five brothers and son of Carmen Hinojosa Calderón and the late Luis Calderón Vega.

His father was a co-founder of the National Action Party and an important political figure. The elder Calderón occupied state posts and served a term as federal deputy. He spent most of his life working within the party and spent most of his free time promoting the PAN. The young Calderón was active in his father's campaigns. As a boy, he distributed party pamphlets and flyers, rode PAN campaign vehicles and chanted slogans at rallies.

After growing up in Morelia, Calderón moved to Mexico City, where he received a bachelor's degree in law from the Escuela Libre de Derecho. Later, he received a master's degree in economics from the Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México (ITAM) and a Master of Public Administration degree in 2000 from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.

Following his father's example, he joined the PAN, with the desire of one day becoming Mexico's president. It was in the National Action Party that Calderón met his wife, Margarita Zavala, who served in Congress as a federal deputy. They have three children, María, Luis Felipe and Juan Pablo.

Calderón is Roman Catholic.

To demands for detailed revelation of his personal positions on abortion, Calderón responded that he voted for life. Calderón's administration sought to maintain moderate positions on social policy and supported Mexican legislation guaranteeing abortion for rape victims, when pregnancy endangers a woman's life or in cases of severe fetal deformity; has publicly advocated the legalization of small quantities of cocaine and other drugs for addicts who agree to undergo treatment; and has approved a right-to-die initiative for ill patients to refuse invasive treatment or extraordinary efforts to prolong their lives. As for his economic policies, he supports balanced fiscal policies, flat taxes, lower taxes, and free trade.

He was a local representative in the Legislative Assembly and, on two different occasions, in the federal Chamber of Deputies. He ran for the governorship of Michoacán in 1995 and served as national president of the PAN from 1996 to 1999. During his tenure, his party maintained control of 14 state capitals, but also faced a reduced presence in the federal Chamber of Deputies.

Soon after Vicente Fox took office as president, Calderón was appointed director of Banobras, a state-owned development bank. He was accused by political opponents of committing abuse, disputing use of certain legal procedures to finance property valued between three and five million Mexican pesos (between US$300,000 and $500,000); however, once political objections arose, he used other means to formalize his transaction.

He joined the presidential cabinet as Secretary of Energy, replacing Ernesto Martens. He left the post in May 2004 in protest of Vicente Fox's criticism of his presidential ambitions while supporting those of Santiago Creel.

Members of his party chose him as the PAN presidential candidate. In a series of three primary elections, he defeated the favored former Secretary of the Interior under President Vicente Fox, and thus the election of Calderón as party candidate surprised many analysts. The PAN pointed to his competitive primary election as a sign of internal democracy. In other major parties, there was one candidate or all strong candidates but one were eliminated.

Calderón's campaign gained momentum after the first presidential debate. Subsequent poll numbers put him ahead of López Obrador from March to May; some polls favored him by as much as 9 percentage points. This trend in his favor was contained after the second presidential debate when López Obrador decided to start joining the debates. Final poll numbers days ahead of the results indicated that his opponent's prior lead had shrunk further; some polls gave López Obrador the lead, while others favored Calderón and still others indicated a technical tie.

Mexican Constitution states that the President must be inaugurated by taking the oath of office before Congress in the lower house, the Chamber of Deputies. The PRD opposition had threatened to not allow Calderón to take the oath of office and be inaugurated as president. Ahead of claims that the PRD would disrupt the precedings, the PAN took control of Congress's main floor three days before the inauguration was scheduled.

On November 30, 2006, outgoing President Vicente Fox Quesada and still President-elect Felipe Calderón Hinojosa stood side-by-side on national television as Fox turned over the presidential sash to a cadet, who handed it to Calderón. Afterwards, Fox read a short speech indicating that he had concluded his mandate by receiving the flag "that had accompanied him during the last six years which he had devoted himself completely to the service of Mexico and had the utmost honor of being the president of the republic". Calderón then made a speech to the Mexican public indicating that he would still attend the inauguration ceremony at the Chamber of Deputies. He made a call to unity.

Calderón's inauguration ceremony on 1 December at the Congress of the Union was tense and lasted less than five minutes, as he barely managed to recite the oath of office while the PRD legislators shouted in protest against the alleged electoral fraud and attempted to impede his inauguration, and afterward he quickly left the building for security reasons as some of the legislators engaged in violent brawls. Besides the claims of fraud, Calderón took office with the smallest percentage of votes for a winning presidential candidate in Mexican history (35.8%), which meant that his administration would face severe legitimacy problems. Only a month after taking office, Calderón declared war on the drug cartels and organized crime, thus beginning the Mexican Drug War. This was considered by many as an immediate strategy to gain popular legitimacy and acceptation for the new President after the convoluted elections.


Mike Gray

Michael "Mike" Gray (October 26, 1935 – April 30, 2013) was an American writer, screenwriter, activist, cinematographer, movie producer and director. He was known for making many documentaries about drugs and war. He was also the screenwriter for "" and "The China Syndrome" for which he was nominated for an Academy Award.

Gray was born on October 26, 1935 in Darlington, Indiana. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Gray studied at Purdue University.

He was married to Carol Gray until his death in 2013. They had one son, Lucas Gray who is a storyboard writer for "The Simpsons". Gray died from unknown causes in his home in Los Angeles, California, aged 77.

Gray won the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Original Drama and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, and for the BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay.


Ryukyuan languages

The Ryūkyūan languages (Okinawan: 琉球口, "Duuchuuguchi") are a group of Japonic languages spoken in the Ryūkyū Islands, the southernmost part of Japan. The languages are Amami, Kunigami, Okinawan, Miyako, Yaeyama and Yonaguni.

Although Japan says the Ryukyuan languages are dialects of Japanese, most linguists see them as languages. This is because Japanese speakers would not be able to understand Ryukyuan without learning it.

In the past, the Ryukyuan languages were spoken all over Ryukyu but due to the languages being discriminated against, most Ryukyuans now speak Japanese.

When a group people called the Yayoi came to Japan, they brought over a language called Proto-Japonic. This language diverged into Japanese and Ryukyuan overtime.

Japanese and Ryukyuan has different sound changes. For example, Japanese “o” becomes Okinawan “u”. This is why the Japanese word “to” (and) is “tu” in Okinawan.

It’s also common for Japanese “k” to become Okinawan “ch”. This causes “Okinawa” to become “Uchinaa”.

In the Yonaguni language, Japanese “y” becomes “d”. Japanese “yama” (mountain) is “dama” in Yonaguni.

Most older Ryukyuans can speak a Ryukyuan language, while younger people speak Japanese. Ryukyuan languages are also spoken in Hawaii and South America as many Ryukyuans live there too.



Direct election

A direct election is an election in which people vote directly for the person, persons or political party that they want to see elected to a political position. The electorate casts their votes directly in an election for candidates of their choice that will represent them either in the executive or legislature without any problem. The opposite is an indirect election, in which the voters elect a group of people who in turn elects the officeholder in question.

Many countries use a mixed system, where some elements are directly elected, and some are not.For example india where the president is elected indirectly whereas the prime ministr is elected directly

Sony Pictures Studios

The Sony Pictures Studios is a television and movie studio complex. It is in Culver City, California. The studio is owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment. Many movies and television programs are taped there. They include the television game shows "Wheel of Fortune" and "Jeopardy!". It is the home of the movie companies Columbia Pictures and TriStar Pictures.

The complex started in 1915 as the Triangle Studios (1915-1918). It was Paramount Culver Studios from 1918 until 1921. Iy became Goldwyn Studios in 1921. The studio was bought by American movie and television company Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) in 1924. It was renamed as MGM Studios. Many well known MGM movies such as "The Wizard of Oz" and "Singin' in the Rain" were made there. Between 1927 and 1963, 52 movies were made there each year.

In 1986, MGM sold the studio lot to Lorimar. Sony Pictures Entertainment bought the studio in 1989. They renamed it as the Sony Pictures Studios. 

In 2016, it was bought by Pinewood Group, They changed the name to the Pinewood Studios Hollywood. At this time, all Sony and Columbia titles are later named after TriStar, 

The complex is open for daily studio tours. It has sixteen different sound stages. These are where the movies and television programs are filmed.


Pegasus (band)

Pegasus is a Swiss pop/rock-band from Biel. From childhood on they were sharing song ideas and a basement rehearsal room. 


Three of them (Veraguth, Spahni and Spahr) grew up in the same street and went to the same schools. They made a lot of music in their childhood.

After Stefan Brenner came to the band, they tried to get a recording contract. They made their first album in 2007. It was called "A Place To Be". It was quite successful, the reviews were positive.

Their second album was called "Heroes & Champions" (2010). For this album they got the Swiss Music Award in the category Best Newcomer National. It includes the hits "Listen To The Music", "Come Down With Me" and "Easy".
The third most successful album is "Human.Technology" produced in 2011. 0n the 27th of July 2012 it was on second place in the Swiss charts. 

They made a special edition called "Human.Technology 2.0". in 2012. The most popular songs are "Man On Mars", "Rise Up (Black Dog)" and "Skyline" (only on "Human.Technology 2.0"). "Skyline" was used as official Swiss Olympic song in London 2012. It was a number one hit in Swiss charts.

In September they started their Human.Technology Tour, in February a second one.
Noah Veraguth is also known for his work with Stress and Bastian Baker. In 2011 he produces a song with Stress called "Elle". Together with M.A.M and Karolyn they made an album called "Noël’s Room" (2012) which is very successful.

In 2010 they won the award in the category Newcomer National. In 2013 they got Best Hit National for "Skyline".

Erotica (Madonna album)

Erotica is the fifth studio album from American singer Madonna. It was released on October 20, 1992 through Maverick Records. Six singles were released from the album, one being the title song. The album caused strong controversy. It was less successful than earlier albums by Madonna: it peaked at number two in the United States. Other songs were "Deeper and Deeper" and "Bad Girl".

Dutch Golden Age painting

There was a period in the 17th century, where Dutch trade, science and art were among the most advanced in Europe. The period is known as the Dutch Golden Age. In general, this period started in the second half of the Eighty Years' War. After the war, there was the Dutch Republic which was the most prosperous nation in Europe. The historical period of the time was called Baroque. Many of the paintings of this period show the scenes more pretty than they really were. This is called 'idealisation'. The Dutch paintings of the time often lack this feature. Artists of the movement include Peter Paul Rubens, Johannes Vermeer, Bartholomeus van der Helst, and Jacob van Loo.

There were relatively few paintings with religious themes during this period. The reason for this was that most Dutch were Calvinist. Calvinism forbade religious painting in churches. Even though such subjects were acceptable in private homes, they were not very popular. The other traditional classes of history and portrait painting were present, but the period is more notable for a huge variety of other genres, sub-divided into numerous specialized categories, such as scenes of peasant life, landscapes, townscapes, landscapes with animals, maritime paintings, flower paintings and still lifes of various types. The development of many of these types of painting was decisively influenced by 17th-century Dutch artists. 

There was a theory in painting, that some types of painting were more prestigious than others. This theory is known as "hierarchy of genres". Because history painting was at the top of the list, many painters wanted to produce historical paintings. The problem with this was that historical paintings were the most difficult to sell. To be able to live from their painting, many painters were forced to produce portraits or genre scenes, which sold much more easily. The hierarchy was as follows:

The Dutch concentrated heavily on the "lower" categories, but by no means rejected the concept of the hierarchy. Most paintings were relatively small – the only common type of really large paintings were group portraits. Painting directly onto walls hardly existed; when a wall-space in a public building needed decorating fitted framed canvas was normally used. For the extra precision possible on a hard surface many painters continued to use wooden panels, some time after the rest of Western Europe had abandoned them; some used copper plates, usually recycling plates from printmaking. In turn the number of surviving Golden Age paintings was reduced by them being overpainted with new works by artists throughout the 18th and 19th century – poor ones were usually cheaper than a new canvas, stretcher and frame. There was very little Dutch sculpture during the period; it is mostly found in tomb monuments and attached to public buildings, and small sculptures for houses are a noticeable gap, their place taken by silverware and ceramics. Painted delftware tiles were very cheap and common, if rarely of really high quality, but silver, especially in the auricular style, led Europe. With this exception, the best artistic efforts were concentrated on painting and printmaking.

Starving Time

The Starving Time at Jamestown in Virginia Colony was a period of starvation during the winter of 1609–1610. During this time, all but 60 of the 500 colonists died. Lack of rain and access to water had crippled the agricultural production during the summer. Also, the water that the colonists drank was brackish and only drinkable half the year. 

According to historical accounts, the colonists ate dogs, snakes, cats, rats, horses, books and shoe leather through the winter. There is forensic evidence of at least one instance of cannibalism. The remains of a teenage girl ( 1595–1609), named "Jane" by researchers, showed signs of being butchered (cut up for eating). Examination of Jane's shin bone indicates she was probably 14 years old at the time of her death. Based on studies of the isotopes in a tooth, she was probably from southern England. She was possibly the daughter of a gentleman or a maid in a gentleman's home because she had consumed generous amounts of protein (meat). Jane likely arrived in Virginia in August 1609. 

It is almost certain Jane was removed from her grave before being butchered and eaten. She was not murdered. In 1625, George Percy, president of Jamestown during the starvation period, wrote that the hunger was so intense “thatt notheinge was Spared to mainteyne Lyfe and to doe those things which seame incredible, as to digge upp deade corpes outt of graves and to eate them." Five other accounts refer to cannibalism during the bitter winter.

Only 10 percent of Jane's remains have been recovered by researchers. The remains were found about 2.5 feet (0.8 m) down in a trash pit in the cellar of a building built in 1608 inside the James Fort site. Historical accounts indicate cannibalism was widespread at Jamestown during the winter. Modern historians were reluctant to credit these accounts without other evidence. Jane however is the first forensic evidence that confirms the existence of the practice during that winter. 


Robert Sacre

Robert Sacre (born June 6, 1989) is an American-Canadian basketball player. He is a center for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Sacre played college basketball for Gonzaga University from 2007 to 2012.

He was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers in the 2nd round with the 60th overall pick in the 2012 NBA Draft.

He made his NBA debut with Lakers on October 31, 2012. He played 49 seconds in a 116-106 loss against the Portland Trail Blazers. He scored his first points for the Lakers on November 4, 2012 in a win against the Detroit Pistons. He made his first NBA start on January 8, 2013 in a loss against the Houston Rockets.

He was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana but grew up and played high school basketball in North Vancouver, British Columbia. His father is Greg LaFleur, a former American football tight end that played for the St. Louis Cardinals and the Indianapolis Colts.


Armin Meiwes

Armin Meiwes (born 1 December 1961) is a German man who is known for an act of cannibalism. 

In March 2001, Meiwes, a then 41-year-old bisexual computer technician, placed an advertisement online for a well-built male he could kill and eat. Forty-three year old Bernd-Jurgen Brandes answered the ad later that month. Meiwes took Brandes to his home in Rotenberg. Brandes had sex with Meiwes after he performed a crude surgical procedure to remove his eyes, then asked Meiwes to cut off his penis. Meiwes did so, then fried the penis. The two ate it. Meiwes then killed Brandes with Brandes's consent by stabbing him repeatedly in the neck, before shooting him with a shotgun. He cut the body in pieces and froze the pieces for later consumption. Meiwes was arrested in December 2002. He had consumed about 20 kg of Brandes' body. Cannibalism was not illegal in Germany until 2001 when Meiwes killed and ate Brandes. Meiwes was convicted of killing by request and defiling a corpse. He received a sentence of 8.5 years due to a clerical error (the intended sentence was 85 years without parole). The Meiwes case was the first cannibalism case in Germany.

In May 2006, a court sentenced Meiwes to life in prison (approx. 1000 years) after a retrial discovered that he was also a violent sexual predator who had committed multiple serious offences prior to his cannibalism.

He later relinquished his German citizenship, and is now solely a citizen of the European Union. 

Anke Engelke

Anke Christina Fischer (née Engelke; born 21 December 1965 in Montréal) is a German comedian, actress and voice-over actress.

Engelke moved to Cologne in 1971 with her parents. Early on, she exhibited singing talent, and was discovered in 1978 by Georg Bossert at a performance of her school's choir.

In May 2011, she hosted the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf alongside Stefan Raab and Judith Rakers. 

The following year, Engelke served as the spokesperson for Germany at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 held in Baku, Azerbaijan. Before presenting the votes, she also gave a live statement on the human-rights issues in the hosting country, saying: "Tonight nobody could vote for their own country. But it is good to be able to vote. And it is good to have a choice. Good luck on your journey, Azerbaijan. Europe is watching you." She was the only spokesperson to articulately address human rights during the event. She had also served as one of Germany's national juries for the contest during that year.

In February 2013, her involvement with the Eurovision Song Contest continued as she hosted "Unser Song für Malmö", the German national final.

This article is based on the in the German Wikipedia (retrieved February 3, 2004).


Nadia Hasnaoui

Nadia Hasnaoui (; born 10 June 1963) is a Norwegian television presenter.

Hasnaoui was born in Morocco to a Norwegian mother and Moroccan father. Her maternal grandfather was Nobel Prize winning economist Ragnar Frisch. When she was four years old her parents divorced and she moved to Norway with her mother. In Oslo she attended a strict Catholic French kindergarten and then later a French school until fourth grade. She became a Norwegian citizen at the age of eighteen. In 1991 she married actor Kim Haugen.

Hasnaoui first became associated with Eurovision in 1992, when she provided the NRK radio commentary for the 1992 Contest.

In 2004, Hasnaoui presented the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2004 in Lillehammer, Norway. Hasnaoui has also presented festivals in Norway such as Melodi Grand Prix Junior.

In 2005 Hasnaoui provided Norwegian commentary on the Fiftieth Anniversary Special alongside former veteran Jahn Teigen.

Hasnaoui presented the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Bærum in May 2010 with Haddy Jatou N'jie and Erik Solbakken. She also read out the Norwegian votes for the 2011 and 2012 contests.

Parker, Colorado

Parker is a town in Douglas County, Colorado.

Krumovgrad

Krumovgrad is a town in Bulgaria. It is near the Greek border. There are many Turks in Krumovgrad.

Richard LeParmentier

Richard LeParmentier (July 16, 1946 – April 15, 2013) was an American-British actor and scriptwriter who is best known for his role as Admiral Motti in "" (1977) and as police officer Lt. Santino in "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" (1988).

LeParmentier was born on July 16, 1946 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to British-Irish parents. He studied at Wayne University. 

LeParmentier was married to Sarah Douglas from 1981 until they divorced in 1984. LeParmentier died on April 15, 2013 from a heart attack in Austin, Texas, aged 66.


Human Nature (Michael Jackson song)

"Human Nature" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Michael Jackson. It was written by Steve Porcaro and John Bettis. It was the fifth song from his sixth solo record "Thriller". "Human Nature" was released on July 3, 1983. It was a moderate hit in America and other countries. This song has been covered, performed and sampled by other musicians.

Monty Woolley

Monty Woolley (Edgar Montillion Woolley; August 17, 1888 – May 6, 1963) was an American actor and entertainer. At the age of 50, he became famous for his best-known role in the stage play and 1942 movie "The Man Who Came to Dinner". His well-known white beard was "his trademark" and he was later known as "The Beard."

Woolley was born on August 17, 1888 in New York City, New York. He studied at Yale University and at Harvard University. Woolley was a closeted gay man. Woolley died on May 6, 1963 from a heart attack and from complications of kidney failure in Albany, New York, aged 75. He is buried at the Greenridge Cemetery in Saratoga Springs, New York.


Funny Face

Funny Face is a 1957 American romantic comedy musical movie starring Audrey Hepburn, Fred Astaire and Robert Flemyng. Hepburn plays Jo Stockton, a shy bookshop clerk. The movie is based on a Broadway musical of the same name.

Bullseye (sports)

A bullseye is the centre of a target in certain sports. It is also the name given to any shot that hits the bullseye. Sports that use targets with bullseyes include archery and shooting.

Eublepharinae

The Eublepharinae are one of the five subfamilies of the Gekkonidae, or geckos. The Eublepharinae subfamily has 27 species in five genera. Also called eyelid geckos, the eublepharines have more simple features than other geckos. For example, they don't have the ability to climb surfaces. Unlike other geckos, they also have movable eyelids. They are generally active at night or at twilight. These lizards often eat insects and similar creatures. They lay a pair of leathery eggs, and, in most species, the gender of the young is determined by the temperature of the egg; just like crocodiles.

The subfamily contains the following genera:


Brunhilde

Brunhilde was a mighty female warrior, one of the Valkyries. She was also a heroine from the German epics, especially in the Nibelungen saga, in which she is an Icelandic princess.

She defied Odin and in punishment he imprisoned her within a ring of fire on earth. She had to stay there until someone rescued her. Siegfied (Sigurd) braved the fire, woke her, and fell in love with her.

He gave her the ring Andvarinaut, unaware of its curse. Eventually she killed herself when she learned that Sigurd had betrayed her with another woman (Gudrun), not knowing he had been bewitched into doing so by Grimhild.


1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens

On May 18, 1980, Mount St. Helens in Washington erupted. The eruption was recorded as a 5 on the Volcanic Explosivity Index. 

For two months before the eruption, earthquake trembles and steam was vented from the mouth of the volcano. 57 people died in the eruption.

Property management

Property management is the process of managing and taking care of property. Property management can be applied to personal, business and public properties. Property management is used in various situations, like building a home, where property manager looks over the process of construction, management of resources and security. The process of property management can be carried using both people (onsite management, security) and machines (cameras, detectors and alarms). An example of property management will be hiring security company. They might be allowed to enter property and check for any issues while the owners are not present. In business, property management is extremely important to achieve safety and improve work environment of employees.

Shontelle

Shontelle Layne (born October 4, 1985), or just Shontelle, is a Barbadian singer-songwriter. She mainly performs R&B, pop and reggae music. She released her debut album "Shontelligence" in 2008 and her second album "No Gravity" in September 2010. Some if her recent songs achieved only modest success. She co-wrote "Man Down" by R&B singer Rihanna in 2010.


Chewing

Chewing, or mastication, is the first part of the digestive system. It is when the teeth chew the food and the tongue mixes it with saliva to make it mushy in the mouth. A group of animals, called the ruminants, masticate more than once. Most cattle are in this group.

Tiny Wings

Tiny Wings is an iOS game developed by German game developer Andreas Illiger, released on February 18, 2011.

In "Tiny Wings", the player takes control of a bird whose wings are too small to fly. The goal of the game is to use hills in order to gain speed as long as possible. This is done by tapping and holding the screen in order to make the bird dive. The game play mainly revolves around timing your taps so that the bird goes down hills and flies up them. The game's day trip version is separated into several islands, which have different layouts and change every 24 hours. The game features special goals that allow players to upgrade their nest, which adds a score multiplier usually X2. These challenges go around reaching specific islands or performing certain tricks a number of times in one game. The game's visuals change daily along with the islands' layouts.

Flight School, a new mode that came out in version 2.0, is similar to normal gameplay, but it instead features a race between 4 young birds (which are siblings). The player can choose to control one of the birds while the rest of the birds are controlled by the CPU. The birds are listed here with their colors and are ranked according to their typical finishing positions The player can also change the birds' names.

The goal in flight school is to reach mama bird first.
If you are faster than the other birds you'll get the fattest fish. To unlock the next island players must finish in 3rd, 2nd, or 1st place.
In 3rd place you'll get a small Blue fish, in 2nd place a medium-sized Cyan fish, and in 1st place you'll get the fattest Yellow fish. When a set of islands is completed by a bird, its nest is upgraded. This mode includes 2 new features: rubber flowers birds can bounce on, and water holes that slow down the birds.
The mama bird is dark green and is from the day trip mode.
Not all levels are in daytime levels. Levels 1-3 2-3 3-4 are all nighttime levels. They have a different song then the daytime levels.

Tiny Wings was first released with one mode (called Day Trip after version 2). Version 2 was released as an update on July 12, 2012, and added a new mode, Flight School with of a race between 4 birds, one of which is used by the player. The levels in Flight School are divided into islands, with 5 tracks in each. There are 3 island tracks. They are Clown islands, Koi islands, and Orga islands. Also there will be more island tracks coming soon as updates. Flight School includes 2 new features on the islands. The July 2012 update also gives the ability to gift app.
The HD version (released at the same time as version 2) includes Hill Party as the 3rd chapter.


William Taylor Adams

William Taylor Adams (July 30, 1822 – March 27, 1897), was an American writer and children's magazine editor. He used the pen name "Oliver Optic". Adams was born in Medway, Massachusetts. 

In 1853, he wrote his first novel, "Hatchie, the Guardian Slave". Adams taught in the Boston public schools for many years. While teaching, he discovered what kinds of books boys liked best. In 1855, he wrote The Boat Club series for boys. This series was a great success. He wrote many more boys' series. 

In 1865, he stopped teaching. He wanted to devote all his time to writing. He became editor of the children's magazines "The Student and Schoolmate", "Our Little Ones", and "". He served in the Massachusetts legislature for one year. Adams died at his home in Dorchester, Massachusetts in 1897.

Children's writer Louisa May Alcott did not like his books. She did not like the slang and settings such as saloons. Librarians did not like Adams's books either. They threw them away. They also threw away the books of other boys' writers. Adams kept writing boys' books though. He got good reviews from the critics. His books sold well. They were reprinted many times.



Alameda, California

Alameda is a city in the U.S. state of California. It is next to Oakland and the San Francisco Bay.

Most of Alameda is on an island (called Alameda Island). The other large part is a peninsula connected to the Oakland International Airport. This peninsula is called Bay Farm Island because it used to be an island. The third part of Alameda is Coast Guard Island, which is a military base for the U.S. Coast Guard.

The city was founded in 1853 as 3 smaller towns. At the west end it was called Woodstock. The east end was called Fernside. 

Alameda island was originally not an island. It was connected to Oakland. In 1902, a canal was finished that separated it from Oakland. 

From 1917 to 1939 there was a popular amusement park called Neptune Beach.

In the 1940s the land was filled to make Bay Farm Island. A U.S. Navy base called Naval Air Station Alameda was opened in 1940. It was closed down in 1997.


Earl Klugh

Earl Klugh (pronounced "Clue"; September 16, 1954) is an American smooth jazz musician who also plays R&B. He began his career around 1970 at age sixteen. He is also known for songwriting. Klugh was born in Detroit.

Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 6

Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 6 is the sixth season of "Britain's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 14 contestants. The winner was 18-year-old Tiffany Pisani.



1.
"casting episode"

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.


Duck typing

In computer programming with object-oriented programming languages, duck typing is a way to write computer code. It doesn't demand that you know what types you are writing about. If it does what you thought it would do, it is good enough. The reason this is called "duck typing" is the duck test. 

It was invented by James Whitcomb Riley:

Ivan Urgant

Ivan Andreevich Urgant (, born 16 April 1978) is a Russian television personality, showman, and an actor.

He is known for hosting various TV shows, including:

Alan Tacher

Alan Tacher (born March 28, 1968 in Mexico City) is a Mexican television presenter. He is part of the main cast of Univision's morning program "Despierta América".


Gustave Boulanger

Gustave Clarence Rodolphe Boulanger (25 April 1824 – 22 September 1888) was a French painter. He is mostly known for his paintings of oriental style. 

Judith Rakers

Judith Rakers (born 6 January 1976 in Paderborn, Germany) is a German journalist and television presenter.

Rakers grew up in Bad Lippspringe with her single father. She graduated from the . She studied journalism and communication studies, German philology and modern and contemporary history at the University of Münster. At the same time, Rakers worked as a radio presenter at the -local radio stations; and .

From January 2004 to 17 January 2010, Rakers presented the "Hamburg Journal" for local TV station Norddeutscher Rundfunk.

Since 2005, Rakers has presented the "Tagesschau" news programme on ARD, as well as reading the news in the "Tagesthemen", "Nachtmagazin" and "Morgenmagazin".

In addition to the "Tagesschau", Rakers also presents Radio Bremen's talk show "3 nach 9".

On 14 May 2011 she hosted the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany together with Stefan Raab and Anke Engelke.


Stian Barsnes-Simonsen

Stian Barsnes-Simonsen (born 20 April 1979 in Bergen) is a Norwegian actor and television presenter of "Amigo", "Midt i smørøyet" and "Melodi Grand Prix".

"Melodi Grand Prix Junior 2006" (with Nadia Hasnaoui)


Erik Solbakken

Erik Solbakken (born 17 November 1984 in Hemsedal) is a Norwegian television presenter. Solbakken hosted the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 together with Haddy Jatou N'jie and Nadia Hasnaoui.

He has hosted multiple children's shows including "Barne-tv", "Julemorgen","Krem Nasjonal", and "Superkviss", as well as "Barnetimen for de minste" on NRK P2.
Erik Solbakken hosted the prestigious Idrettsgallaen with Haddy N'Jie 2010 from Hamar.
In 2010 he is Ready for one more golden moment - "Popstokk", the Norwegian version of "BattlePop", airing spring prime time Friday nights at NRK.

In 2011, he hosted the Eurovision Young Dancers competition 2011.

Haddy N'jie

Haddy Jatou N'jie (born 25 June 1979 in Oslo) is a Norwegian singer, songwriter, writer and journalist. Her father is Gambian and her mother is Norwegian. She grew up in Kolbotn near Oslo and is the eldest of five siblings.

N'jie has worked as a reporter for "Dagsrevyen" and columnist for "Dagbladet". She hosted the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with Erik Solbakken and Nadia Hasnaoui. She hosted the 2010 annual telethon on Norway's largest TV channel NRK 1 which she also co-hosted in 2009.

Haddy N'jie has toured Norway several times, both as a solo artist and as part of the group comedy Queendom, consisting of herself and four other black Norwegian women, all sharing in part African backgrounds. Much of the group's material lampoons either Norwegians or Africans.

When Norway held a national ceremony of remembrance on August 21 for the 77 victims of the worst attacks on the country since World War Two, the TV broadcast was hosted by N'jie.

In 2012 she co-hosted the prestigious sports award show Idrettsgallaen from Hamar Olympic Amphitheatre together with Anne Rimmen. The show was broadcasted on NRK.

N'jie has released three solo albums:

She is a contributor to

970

970 was a common year.




971

971 was a common year.




973

The year 973 was a common year that started on a Wednesday.

Caliph Al-Mu'izz moves the capital of the Fatimid Caliphate to Cairo in Egypt from Tunisia.

Pope Benedict VI becomes the 134th pope of the Catholic Church. He is put in Rome with the permission of Otto I and becomes the puppet ruler of the Roman Empire.

The emperor Otto I dies in Germany after ruling for 37 years. His son Otto II takes his place at 18 year old who makes the government of the Roman Empire into a autocracy.

974

The year 974 was a common year that started on a Thursday.

The caliph al-Muti is overthrown from the Abbasid Caliphate and replaced by his son al-Ta'i who died shortly after his son's takeover.

A earthquake happens in England which kills 600 people.

The Liao dynasty switches ambassadors between the Song dynasty on New Year's Day.

The city of Fuzhou starts to build new walls.

976

976 was a leap year.




977

977 was a common year.




978

978 was a common year.




960

960 was a leap year starting on Sunday.




Tony's Cronies

Tony's Cronies was a name in British politics and media given to people who were viewed by them as being given places of power because they were friends with Prime Minister, Tony Blair during his premiership between 1997 and 2005.

David Unaipon

David Unaipon (born David Ngunaitponi; 28 September 1872 – 7 February 1967) was an indigenous Australian preacher, inventor, writer and activist. He was a member of the Ngarrindjeri nation. He was born at Point McLeay, a Lutheran mission located on the mouth of the Murray River southeast of Adelaide. He preached widely throughout South Australia, often travelling on foot. He became the first Aboriginal Australian to publish a written work in English.

Unaipon's portrait is featured on the Australian $50 bank note in commemoration.

He Had a quote: "As a full-blooded member of my race I think I may claim to be the first - but I hope, not the last - to produce an enduring record of our customs, beliefs and imaginings."

David Unaipon was born on 28 September 1872, at the Point McLeay mission in the Coorong region of South Australia. His father was James Ngunaitponi and his mother's name was probably Nymbulda. James and Nymbulda had nine children, and David was the fourth. He began his education at the age of seven at the Point McLeay Mission School and quickly became known for his intelligence. Unaipon left school at 13 to work as a servant for C. B. Young in Adelaide, where Young encouraged Unaipon's interest in literature, philosophy, science and music. In 1890, he returned to Point Mcleay, where he worked as an apprentice bootmaker. He was also chosen as the mission's organist. In the late 1890s, he travelled again to Adelaide to find work. He discovered, however, that his skin colour stopped him getting work in bootmaking and instead took a job as a bootmaker's storeman.

After returning to Point McLeay, Unaipon worked as a book-keeper in the local store. On 4 January 1902, he married Katherine Carter (née Sumner), a Ngarrindjeri woman of the Tangane tribe.

Unaipon took out provisional patents for 19 inventions, but he could not afford to get any of his inventions fully patented. His most successful invention was a shearing machine (provisional patent 15 624) that converted curvilineal motions into the straight-line movement that is the basis of modern mechanical shears. Unaipon never received any money from it, however. Apart from a newspaper report in 1910 acknowledging him as the inventor, he received no credit.

Unaipon became well-known as an inventor, and a recognised authority on ballistics. Other inventions of his included a centrifugal motor, a multi-radial wheel and a mechanical propulsion tool. He drew many of his ideas for mechanical inventions, including a helicopter design based on the principle of the boomerang. He also spent a large amount of time trying to achieve perpetual motion.

Unaipon was a Christian for all of his life. After he married, he worked for the Aborigines' Friends' Association as a "deputationer", in which he travelled widely throughout South Australia preaching for the Point McLeay Mission. He modelled his teachings on the Bible-based style of the missionaries who had taught him. He believed that the traditional Aboriginal and Christian spiritualities were basically the same.

His travels brought him into contact with many people sympathetic with the cause of Aboriginal rights. Although Unaipon was much in demand as a public speaker, he was also often refused accommodation and hospitality due to his race. He gradually became well-known in public life as a spokesman for Aboriginal Australians. Between 1928 and 1929, he helped as a researcher and witness for the Bleakley Inquiry into Aboriginal welfare. In 1934, he lobbied the federal government to take over responsibility for Aborigines from its constituent states.

Unaipon retired from preaching in 1959 but continued working on his inventions into the 1960s.

Unaipon was the first Australian Aboriginal to publish a written work in English. He wrote many articles in newspapers and magazines, including "The Daily Telegraph", in which he retold traditional Dreaming stories and argued for the rights of Aboriginal people. Some of Unaipon's traditional stories were published in book in 1930, called "Myths and Legends of the Australian Aboriginals". It was published under the name of anthropologist William Ramsay Smith. They were republished in their original form in 2006, under the author's name, as "Legendary Tales of the Australian Aborigines".

Unaipon was obsessed with correct English. When speaking, he tended to use classical English rather than using the common style of his time. His written language followed the style of John Milton and John Bunyan.

Unaipon returned to his Point Mcleay in his old age. He worked more on his inventions and tried to find the secret of perpetual motion. He died in the Tailem Bend Hospital on 7 February 1967, and was buried in the Raukkan (formerly Point McLeay) Mission Cemetery. David was the last full-blooded member of the Waruwaldi tribe.

Several things are named after him in commemoration:


Liseberg

Liseberg is an amusement park in Gothenburg, Sweden. Liseberg is one of the most visited amusement parks in Scandinavia.

Liseberg opened on 8 May 1923. In 2005, Liseberg was chosen as one of the top ten amusement parks in the world by "Forbes Magazine". In 2010 Liseberg was Sweden's most popular point of interest. Many famous people have been to Liseberg, including Michael Jackson in 1988.

Liseberg attracts about 3 million visitors each year. It is open for the summer season from April til the middle of October. In the winter it's open from November til the end of December.

The park has 41 attractions.

Atmosfear is the tallest free fall attraction in Europe. The tower is 116 metres high. The top is 146 meters above sea level. It takes about 90 seconds to reach the top. In the beginning it was an elevator that gave you a view of Gothenburg. In 2010 it was rebuilt to be a free fall attraction. There is only one other attraction in the world that can be compared with Atmosfear, the Giant drop in Australia.

Balder is the biggest and most famous roller coaster. Balder is built of wood. Many times it has been voted the world’s best wooden roller coaster. Balder is 36 meters high an 1070 meters long.

FlumeRide is another very popular ride. It’s a water ride and you go in logs. The ride opened in 1973. In the summer season of 2002 they had a contest to see who could go in the ride longest time. After 9 days, 7 hours and 42 minutes they had a winner. The ride is 610 meters long.

Kanonen is the only roller coaster on Liseberg with a loop. It was built in 2005. You reach the top speed 75 km/h after 1.84 seconds. The ride is 50 seconds and 440 meters long.

"Helix" is a roller coaster coming for 2014. It will be 130 seconds and 1,381 meters long. The top speed is about .

Other attractions include:


Rip Van Winkle

"Rip Van Winkle" is a short story by Washington Irving. It was first published in Irving's "The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent." in June 1819. Irving wrote the story one night while staying with his sister's family in Birmingham, England. He read it to his hosts at breakfast the next morning. It was one of the first stories Irving proposed for "The Sketch Book". The story is similar to a German story called "Karl Katz". "Rip Van Winkle" has been adapted to theater, cartoons, television, and other media many times.

Rip Van Winkle is a lazy, happy Dutchman. He's a henpecked husband; a man who is being constantly nagged by his wife. He lives in a quiet village near the Catskill Mountains in North America. One day he wanders into the mountains with his dog Wolf. In a lonely place, he meets the ghosts of Henry Hudson and his men. They give him a strange drink. He falls asleep for 20 years. When he wakes, he learns that the American Revolution has been fought and won. His family and friends welcome him home to the village.


Anaid Iplicjian

Anaid Iplicjian (born 24 October 1935 in Berlin) is a German actress. Her family is from Armenia. After studying at the Mozarteum Academy in Salzburg she has been a member of the Graz (Austria), Wiesbaden, the State Theatre Hannover and the Burgtheater (Vienna) companies. A free-lance actress since 1970, she has been working on Frankfurt/Main, Hamburg, Berlin, Munich and Vienna stages. Also appearing many times in German and Austrian television. She was the presenter of the Eurovision Song Contest 1957. She is married to theater director Herbert Krneppel.



Nargiz Birk-Petersen

Nargiz Birk-Petersen (; née Nargiz Abbaszadeh, born 1976) is an Azerbaijani television presenter and commentator. On 22, 24 and 26 May 2012 she hosted the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan together with Eldar Gasimov and Leyla Aliyeva. 

Nargiz Birk-Petersen's mother is Maleyka Abbaszadeh, the head of the State Committee for Student Admission of Azerbaijan. She has a sister named Nigar. At the age of 16, Nargiz had her first experience in television. During her student years, Nargiz also worked for Student TV at her "alma mater" Khazar University, as a reporter of an English language news program for the company. Later Nargiz studied law in the United States, where she had a modelling career to provide financial support for her studies. She continued to practice law in the United States and Russia. She was head of the department of public relations for the Baku bid for the 2020 Summer Olympics.

She is married to Ulrik Birk-Petersen. They live in Copenhagen, Denmark with their two children.


Leyla Aliyeva (presenter)

Leyla Aliyeva (, born 1986 in Baku) is an Azerbaijani television presenter. On 22, 24 and 26 May 2012 she hosted the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan together with Eldar Gasimov and Nargiz Birk-Petersen.

Leyla Aliyeva graduated from the Baku Academy of Music with a degree in choral directing and has a master's degree in music. In 2004, while in her first year of undergraduate studies, she was hired by İTV to work for the channel's Department of Music, Arts and Entertainment. In 2007, she began covering Eurovision news and soon became a member of İTV's Eurovision organising committee. Aliyeva also served as the spokesperson of Azerbaijan announcing the country's first voting results in its debut at the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia. She hosted the Azerbaijani national Eurovision selection tours alongside Husniyya Maharramova in 2011 and 2012.

She is married to another İTV employee, who works there as a director and has a daughter.

Leyla Aliyeva

Leyla Aliyeva (, born July 3, 1985) is the first daughter of the President of Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev. She is editor-in-chief of style magazine "Baku".

According to her personal website, Aliyeva was born in Moscow on 3 July 1985. However, her listing as a director at Companies House in London gives her date of birth as 1984. She studied at a private girls' school in London, Queens College; she left the school in 2000. She entered the European Business School.

From 2006 to 2008, Leyla Aliyeva pursued a master's degree at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO). She was the Chairwoman of the Azerbaijan Club at MGIMO until 2010.

In July 2011, the "Taraggi" (Progress) Medal was conferred upon Leyla Aliyeva for her contributions to the development of Azerbaijan-Russian relations.

Leyla is married to businessman and singer Emin Agalarov. She has twin sons, Ali and Mikail, who were born in 2008.

In 2010 Washington Post reported that Leyla along with her sister Arzu and brother Heydar own real estate in Dubai that is worth about US$75 million.


Sabina Babayeva

Sabina Babayeva (, born 2 December 1979, Baku) is an Azerbaijani singer. She represented Azerbaijan in the grand final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2012, held in Baku, Azerbaijan, on 26 May 2012, with the song "When the Music Dies", as the 13th act, she came fourth overall.

Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 1

Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 1 is the first season of "Britain's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 12 contestants. The winner was 20-year-old Lucy Ratcliffe.

"(ages stated are at time of contest)"

In addition, the winner got another contract with Beatrice Models

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.


9.


Helga Guitton

Helga Guitton (born 18 December 1942) is a German radio and television presenter. She was a disc jockey on Radio Luxemburg. She was the presenter of the Eurovision Song Contest 1973.


List of governors of Idaho

The Governor of Idaho is the head of the executive branch of Idaho's government. He is also the commander-in-chief of the state's militia. The job of the governor is to see that the state laws are obeyed. The governor has the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Idaho Legislature.

Idaho Territory had 16 territorial governors chosed by the President of the United States from 1863 until it became a state in 1890. Four of these never took office. They resigned before they got to Idaho.

Thirty people have been Governor of Idaho since it became a state in 1890. Two of these—C. A. Bottolfsen and Cecil D. Andrus—served non-consecutive terms. The state's first governor was George Laird Shoup. He had the shortest term - three months. Cecil D. Andrus served as governor the longest at 14 years. Four governors resigned. None have died while in office. There have been 21 Republican and 12 Democratic governors. The current governor is Brad Little. He took office on January 6, 2019. His current term will expire in January 2023.

Idaho Territory was created from Dakota Territory, Nebraska Territory, and Washington Territory on March 4, 1863. At first, the territory included all of modern-day Idaho and Montana, and most of Wyoming. On May 26, 1864, Montana Territory was separated from Idaho Territory, and most of the Wyoming portion was became part of Dakota Territory. The area east of the 111th meridian became part of the new Wyoming Territory on July 25, 1868. This gave Idaho Territory its final borders.

Because of the long distance between Washington, D.C. and Boise, there was often a long time between a governor being chosen and his arrival in the territory.

Idaho became a state on July 3, 1890. Since then, the state has had 31 governors. Two of these served non-consecutive terms. The terms for governor and lieutenant governor are four years. It starts on the first Monday in the January after the election. Before 1946, the offices were elected to terms of two years. If there is no governor or the governor is out of state or cannot do his duties, the lieutenant governor acts as governor. If neither the governor and lieutenant governor can do their duties, the President "pro tempore" of the Idaho Senate is next in line. After that person, the Speaker of the Idaho House of Representatives would act as governor. There is no limit to the number of terms a governor may serve.

Sixteen of Idaho's governors have served higher federal offices or as governors of other states. Nine have served in the U.S. Senate, and three have served in the U.S. House. Two governors have been U.S. Secretaries of the Interior. One served as ambassador to the Ottoman Empire. Six governors (marked with *) resigned to take a new office.

Also, two people who were appointed governor of Idaho Territory but never took office held other high offices. Gilman Marston was a representative and senator from New Hampshire. John Philo Hoyt was Governor of Arizona Territory.

All representatives and senators listed represented Idaho except where noted.

, four former governors were alive. The most recent death of a former governor was that of Cecil D. Andrus (1971–1977; 1987–1995). He died at age 85 on August 24, 2017.




Hanne Sørvaag

Hanne Margrethe Sørvaag (December 27, 1979) is a Norwegian singer and songwriter. She later moved to Stockholm, Sweden. She released her first studio record "You Know Me" under the name Paris in 2002. That gave her three hits in Norway. Her second record, "Talk of the Town", was released in 2006 under her own name. She also writes songs for other musicians.

Lousado

Lousado is a freguesia in Portugal in the Vila Nova de Famalicão concelho. It covers 5.61 km² (2.17 sq. mi.). It has a 3,725 people (2001). Its population density is 664.0 people per km² (1,720 per sq. mi.).


Shifting cultivation

Shifting cultivation is an agricultural system in which areas of land are deforested and used for a short time. Shifting cultivation is also known as slash and burn agriculture.

Shifting cultivation is practised in the thickly forested areas of Amazon basin, tropical Africa, parts of southeast Asia and northeast India. These are areas of heavy rainfall and quick regenerating of vegetation. Then they are left to grow back their natural vegetation, while the farmer moves to another area. It is practised in forested areas of the Amazon basin.It is one of the rudimentary forms of cultivation.

After cultivation a plot of land is cleared by felling the trees and burning them. The ashes are then mixed with the soil and crops like maize, yam, potatoes and cassava are grown. After the soil looses its fertility, the land is abandoned and the cultivator moves to a new plot. 

Because the soil is no longer protected by the large trees in the rainforest system, it can be ruined easily by heavy rains and too much sun. One of the main problems with shifting cultivation is that the land is ruined after being used 3 or 4 times. Areas of land are abandoned and not prepared to grow again, and the rainforest becomes smaller with each preparation for a new piece of land. The land loses its fertility and so this is not a reliable form of cultivation. 

Pablo Longueira

Juan Pablo Longueira Montes (born August 12, 1958) is a Chilean politician and industrial civil engineer. He has been the Minister of Economy, Development and Tourism of Chile since 2011. He is a member of the Independent Democratic Union (UDI), a right-wing political party. He was a Senator before being appointed by President Sebastián Piñera to serve in the Cabinet. He was a deputy from 1990 until 2006.

On March 30, 2007, Longueira began his candidacy for president in the 2009 presidential election. However, he cancelled that on May 3. On April 29, 2013, Longueira was nominated by the UDI as its candidate for the 2013 presidential election, replacing Laurence Golborne.

Longueira is married to Cecilia Brinkmann Estévez. He has seven children.


Osorno, Chile

Osorno is a city and commune in southern Chile. It is the capital of Osorno Province in the Los Lagos Region. It had a population of 145,475 as of the 2002 census. It is south of the national capital of Santiago, north of the regional capital of Puerto Montt and west of the Argentine city of San Carlos de Bariloche, connected via International Route 215 through the Cardenal Antonio Samoré Pass.

Osorio is at the confluence of Rahue and Damas River. It is the main service centre of agriculture and cattle farming in the northern Los Lagos Region. The city's cultrual heritage has Spanish, Huilliche and German influences.


Álvaro Gómez

Álvaro Gómez González (born 24 December 1980) is a Chilean actor and theatre director.

Eduardo Barril

Eduardo Andrés Barril Villalobos (born July 7, 1941 in Puerto Montt) is a Chilean actor and theatre director.


Paulo Garcés

Paulo Andrés Garcés Contreras (born 2 August 1984 in Parral) is a Chilean footballer.


Apollonius of Rhodes

Apollonius of Rhodes was a Greek poet. He wrote "Argonautica". This is an epic poem. It is about Jason, the Argonauts, and the Golden Fleece. His other poems survive only in small pieces. These poems are about the beginnings of cities. Apollonius was a librarian at the Library of Alexandria. He lived and died in the first half of third century BC.


The City of New York vs. Homer Simpson

"The City of New York vs. Homer Simpson" is the first episode of the ninth season of "The Simpsons". It first aired on September 21, 1997. In this episode, the Simpson family travels to New York City to get back their family car, which had been taken by Homer's friend Barney Gumble after a night out and left in the World Trade Center plaza. While his family tours the city, Homer goes through problems while trying to get back the car.

After the September 11 attacks, the episode was taken off syndication because of the World Trade Center's role in the episode. It has come back in recent years.


Conrad Hilton

Conrad Nicholson Hilton (December 25, 1887 – January 3, 1979) was an American businessman. He founded the Hilton Hotels chain.

Hilton was born in San Antonio, New Mexico. His father, Augustus Halvorsen "Gus" Hilton, was an immigrant from Norway. His mother, Mary Genevieve (née Laufersweiler), was an American of German descent. Hilton had eight siblings.

Hilton attended school in New Mexico. He was a member of the international fraternity Tau Kappa Epsilon. In his early twenties, Hilton was a Republican representative in the first New Mexico Legislature, when the state was new. He was in the U.S. Army for two years during World War I.

When he was a boy, Hilton worked at his father's general store in Socorro County, New Mexico. Later he was a representative in New Mexico's first state legislature.

Hilton went to Texas to buy a bank. Instead, in 1919, he bought the 40-room Mobley Hotel in Cisco, Texas. The hotel did very good business. The dining room was changed into more rooms to make room for more guests.

Hilton later bought and built hotels all over Texas. His hotels included the Dallas Hilton (opened in 1925), the Abilene Hilton (opened in 1927), the Waco Hilton in 1928, and the El Paso Hilton in 1930. The first hotel he built outside of Texas was in 1939 in Albuquerque, New Mexico. That hotel became Hotel Andaluz. During the Great Depression, Hilton almost had to go into bankruptcy. He lost several of his hotels. He continued to manage hotels, even when he didn't own them. He eventually got his hotels back.

During the next decade he opened hotels in California, Chicago, and New York. The hotels included the Stevens Hotel in Chicago (then the world's largest hotel), and the famous Waldorf-Astoria in New York. In 1946, he started the Hilton Hotels Corporation. In 1948, he started the Hilton International Company.

In the 1950s and 1960s, Hilton expanded his business worldwide. He created the first international hotel chain. Hilton eventually owned 188 hotels in thirty-eight cities in the United States. His hotels included the Mayflower Hotel in Washington, D. C., the Palmer House in Chicago, the Plaza Hotel and Waldorf-Astoria in New York City, and fifty-four hotels outside the United States. He later bought the Carte Blanche Credit Company, part of the American Crystal Sugar Company, and other businesses.

Hilton received honorary degrees from the University of Detroit (1953), DePaul University (1954), Barat College (1955), Adelphi College (1957), Sophia University, Tokyo (1963), and the University of Albuquerque (1975). His autobiography, "Be My Guest", was published in 1957. In 1966, Hilton was elected chairman of the board. His son Barron took over as president.

In 1925, Hilton married Mary Adelaide Barron. They had three children: Conrad Nicholson "Nicky" Hilton, Jr., William Barron Hilton, and Eric Michael Hilton. They divorced in 1934.

In 1942, Hilton married actress Zsa Zsa Gabor. They had one child: Constance Francesca Hilton. They divorced in 1946.

In 1976, Hilton married Mary Frances Kelly. Their marriage lasted until his death in 1979.

In 1979, Hilton died of natural causes at the age of 91. He is buried at Calvary Hill Cemetery in Dallas, Texas.

Conrad Hilton is the great grandfather of Paris Hilton and Nicky Hilton.




Rubber Duck (sculpture)

Rubber Duck is a floating sculpture designed by Dutch artist Florentijn Hofman. It is the largest rubber duck in the world.

Abu Dhabi (emirate)

Abu Dhabi (, "ʼAbū Ẓaby") is one of the emirates that make up the United Arab Emirates. It is the largest of the seven. The capital city of UAE, Abu Dhabi, is in this emirate. Al Ain is Abu Dhabi's second largest urban area with a population of 766,936 (as of the 2017 estimate).

Heket

Heket was an Egyptian goddess of life and fertility. She took form of a frog. She was the ender to chaos, and she was the mother of the tree God Heral .

Emirate of Dubai

Dubai () is one of the seven emirates in the United Arab Emirates. The main city of the emirate is Dubai. The city is sometimes called "Dubai City" to prevent it from being confused with the emirate.

Dubai is the second largest emirate in the UAE after Abu Dhabi. The emirate is on the Persian Gulf, southwest of Sharjah and northeast of Abu Dhabi. The town of Hatta is an exclave of the emirate of Dubai. It borders nearby Oman.

Dubai's economy is different from other members of the UAE because income from oil is only 6% of its gross domestic product.

On 8 January 1820, the sheikh of Dubai was one of the people who signed the British sponsored "General Treaty of Peace" (the General Maritime Treaty).

In 1833, the Al Maktoum dynasty of the Bani Yas tribe settled at Dubai creek. From that point on, Dubai was an independent emirate. It was always struggling with the emirate of Abu Dhabi. An attempt by the Qawasim pirates to take over Dubai was stopped. In 1835, Dubai and the rest of the Trucial States signed a maritime truce with Britain and a "Perpetual Maritime Truce" about twenty years later. Dubai came under the protection of the United Kingdom (keeping out the Ottoman Turks) by the Exclusive Agreement of 1892. Like four of its neighbours, Abu Dhabi, Ras al-Khaimah, Sharjah and Umm al-Qaiwain, its being on the way to India made it an important place.

In March 1892, the Trucial States (or Trucial Oman) were created. 

After the Gulf Rupee lost value in 1966, Dubai joined the newly independent state of Qatar to set up a new monetary unit, the Qatar/Dubai riyal. Oil was discovered 120 kilometres off the coast of Dubai, after which the town granted oil concessions. 

On 2 December 1971 Dubai formed the United Arab Emirates, together with Abu Dhabi and five other emirates. This was done after former protector Britain left the Persian Gulf in 1971. In 1973, Dubai joined the other emirates to adopt a single, uniform currency: the UAE dirham.

Oil supply in Dubai is less than 1/20th as much as the emirate of Abu Dhabi, and oil money is now only a small part of the city's total money. Dubai and its twin across the Dubai creek, Deira (independent at that time), became important ports of call for Western manufacturers. Most of the new city's banking and financial centers were in this area. Dubai kept its importance as a trade route through the 1970s and 1980s. The city of Dubai has a free trade in gold and till the 1990s was the center of a "brisk smuggling trade" of gold ingots to India, where gold import was restricted. 

Today, Dubai is an important place for tourists and port (Jebel Ali, built in the 1970s, has the biggest man-made harbour in the world), but also increasingly becoming a center for service industries such as IT and finance, with the new Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC). Transport links are helped by its rapidly-expanding Emirates Airline, made by the government in 1985 and still state-owned. The airline is based at Dubai International Airport and carries over 12 million passengers every year.

The government has set up industry-specific free zones throughout the city. Dubai Internet City, now combined with Dubai Media City as part of TECOM (Dubai Technology, Electronic Commerce and Media Free Zone Authority) is an enclave whose members include IT firms such as EMC Corporation, Oracle, Microsoft, and IBM, and media organisations such as Middle East Broadcasting Center, CNN, Reuters, arydigital.tv and Associated Press. Dubai Marina is a master plan development by EMAAR which will be the worlds largest marina when complete. Dubai Knowledge Village (KV) is an education and training hub is also set up to complement the Free Zone’s other two clusters, Dubai Internet city and Dubai Media City, by providing the facilities to train the clusters' future knowledge workers.

Dubai had a property boom when they announced freehold property resulting in large capital investments. With the global recession property prices have fallen dramatically.

Key (disambiguation)

A key is an object used to open a lock.

Key might also mean:

Savka Pollak

Savka Nevenka Pollak Tomasevic (born 31 August 1973 in Santiago) is a Chilean journalist and television presenter of German, Polish and Croatian origin.

TV+

TV+ (known until 2018 as UCV Televisión, whose letters stand for Universidad Católica de Valparaíso Televisión) is a Chilean television network.


Avast Antivirus

Avast Antivirus is a brand of antivirus software. It is a free downloadable software that is compatible with Windows XP through Windows 10. It has many features, Avast! Cloud services and upgrades can be bought from inside the program. There are no PC maintenance features. In May 2013, it was the top download of free antivirus of Softonic.

Humility Cooper

Humility Cooper (c. 1619 before 1651) was a passenger on the ship "Mayflower" in 1620. She was born in Holland to Robert and Joan (Gresham) Cooper of Henlow, Bedfordshire, England about 1619. 

Cooper sailed to the New World with her uncle and aunt, Edward and Ann (Cooper) Tilley. The Tilleys died during their first winter in the New World.

Humility, and her aunt and uncle left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod. They landed on November 21. The group wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. John Tilley was a signer. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod, at a place now called Provincetown Harbor.

Cooper received one acre of land when land was divided among the Pilgrims in 1623 She was included in the Edward Winslow family. She was also included in the Brewster family when the livestock were divided in 1627 so she lived with them for a time. 
In 1651 William Bradford wrote about her saying she "was sent for into England and there died". She was baptized in London on 17 March 1638 when she was aged 19. It is unknown whether she married or had children. Cooper died before 1651.

Resolved White

Resolved White (16151687) was a passenger on the "Mayflower". Resolved was the oldest child and given his name as the family "resolved" or "determined" to make a new life for themselves. They were Separatists and did not believe in the teachings of the Church of England.

Resolved left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" spotted land. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other.

William White, died in 1621. Resolved's mother married Edward Winslow, another "Mayflower" passenger. The family grew and he had five step-brothers and sisters. One of his step-brothers became Plymouth Colony Governor Josiah Winslow.

When Resolved became a young man he was given 100 acres of land and later he was granted more land. In 1658 he was made a Freeman of Plymouth Colony. This gave him many rights such as the right to vote.

In 1676, Resolved was a soldier in King Philip's War of 1676 and in 1680.

White married Judith Vassall in 1640. They had seven children: William, John, ResolvedSamuel, Anna, Josiah, Susanna, 

White died in 1687 at Winslow Cemetery and was bured by his first wife Judith. The burial place of his second wife Abigail is unknown. There is also a monument in the Winslow Cemetery to "The Settlers of Green Harbor Marshfield" with Resolved White, his wife Judith, and his brother Peregrine White are mentioned.

America's Next Top Model (season 14)

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 14 is the fourteenth season of "America's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 13 contestants. The winner was 24-year-old Krista White from Pine Bluff, Arkansas.


1.
"casting episode"

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.


Giulio Andreotti

Giulio Andreotti (January 14, 1919 – May 6, 2013) was an Italian politician of the Christian Democracy party. He was the 41st Prime Minister of Italy from 1972 to 1973, from 1976 to 1979 and from 1989 to 1992. He was also Minister of the Interior (1954 and 1978), Defense Minister (1959–1966 and 1974) and Foreign Minister (1983–1989). He was a Senator for life from 1991 until his death in 2013. He was also a journalist and author.

Andreotti was born on January 14, 1919 in Rome, Italy. He studied at the University of Rome La Sapienza. Andreotti was married to Livia Danese from 1945 until his death in 2013. They had four children. Andreotti died on May 6, 2013 in Rome from respiratory complications, aged 94.


Ray Harryhausen

Raymond "Ray" Harryhausen (June 29, 1920 – May 7, 2013) was an American visual effects creator, writer, and producer. He lived in London, England, from 1960 until his death in 2013. He won an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects for the 1949 movie "Mighty Joe Young". His final work featured in the movie Clash of the Titans.

Harryhausen was born on June 29, 1920 in Los Angeles, California to a German family. He was married to Diana Livingstone Bruce from 1963 until his death in 2013. Harryhausen died on May 7, 2013 in his home in London, England from natural causes, aged 92.


Same-sex marriage in the United States

Same-sex marriage is recognized in all of the United States. As of May 2014, same-sex marriage was legal in 19 states: California, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, Oregon, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington. It was also legal in Washington, D.C.. On June 26, 2015, the United States Supreme Court ruled that same-sex marriage is legal in all states, because of the 14th Amendment.

The movement to give marriage rights and benefits to homosexual couples in the United States began in the 1970s. It grew in United States politics around 1993 when the Supreme Court of Hawaii declared the prohibition in that state to be unconstitutional. It was not until around the 21st century that public support for same-sex marriage began growing. On May 9, 2012, Barack Obama was the first President to declare public support for the legalization of same-sex marriage. On June 26, 2015 the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional (see United States v. Windsor). That section prevented the federal government from recognizing marriages other than marriages between one man and one woman.

On December 13, 2022, the Respect for Marriage Act became law. It was passed by Congress and signed by President Joe Biden. This act says that same-sex marriage must be legal everywhere in the United States. Even if the Supreme Court were to reverse its decision, same-sex marriage would still be protected.

Saab JAS 39 Gripen

The Saab JAS 39 Gripen is a fourth-generation fighter aircraft.

It was created by Saab, a Swedish aerospace company, for use in the Swedish Air Force. The decision for a new aircraft system was made by the Minister of Defence, Torsten Gustafsson. It was approved by Parliament in 1982.

The Gripen is one of the first multi-role combat aircraft that can be used for fighter, attack and reconnaissance missions as well as switching between them during flight, hence the name of the JAS 39. ‘J’ stands for the initial of the Swedish language word for "Hunting", meaning attack against air targets, "attack" to attack ground and sea targets, and ‘S’ stands for the Swedish word for "reconnaissance", to take photos and films. The name "Gripen" is the result of a contest held in the early 1980s, and means ‘griffin’.
The Gripen aircraft fighter system has for years been the backbone in the Swedish air force. Recently the Swedish government decided to acquire the latest version of the system, Gripen E, and Saab signed an agreement with the Swedish Defence Material Administration about development and modification of Gripen E.

Thames Ditton

Thames Ditton is a village in Elmbridge, Surrey.

Thames Ditton has a train station.

Sylvia Browne

Sylvia Celeste Shoemaker (known as Sylvia Browne; October 19, 1936 – November 20, 2013) was an American writer and a self-acclaimed psychic. Her predictions began around 1974. She appears on talk shows. She has had her own hour-long radio talk show. In March 2011, Sylvia had a heart attack while in the Hawaiian Islands. 

Browne has been the subject of frequent criticism for making psychic predictions that were later proven false. These have included several predictions related to missing persons, most notably Shawn Hornbeck and Amanda Berry.

She was born in Kansas City, Missouri. Browne was Jewish.<ref name="CNN0103/06"></ref> Browne made many wrong predictions. She predicted that President Barack Obama would not be re-elected as President of the United States. (In September, she made a different prediction that Obama would be re-elected.) Obama won the presidential election in November with 51.06% of the national popular vote and 62% of the electoral college. 

In May 2003, she told Larry King in an interview that she would die at the age of 88. Browne died on November 20, 2013 in San Jose, California from heart failure with her husband and children by her side, aged 77.


Martín Cárcamo

Martín Andrés Cárcamo Papic (born April 21, 1975 in Viña del Mar) is a Chilean television presenter and actor of Basque and Croat origin.

He debuted in television on the Chilean TV channel Rock & Pop where he was the host of "Media Naranja" and "Noches de Verano". Later in 2004 he joined TVN, being the host of "Pasiones", replacing Felipe Camiroaga. In 2008 he replaced Rafael Araneda in "Rojo, Fama Contrafama". In 2009 was a judge of the Festival de Viña del Mar, and until recently he hosted "Calle 7".

In October 2010, it was announced that he left TVN to join rival channel "Canal 13", where he will start working in January 2011, at the end of his current contract.

As a theatre actor, Cárcamo was part of "Ellas Quieren y Él No Puede".





Francisca Imboden

Francisca María Imboden Fernández, (born July 31, 1972 in Viña del Mar) is a Chilean actress (movies, theater and television).

Francisca is the daughter of Juan Carlos Imboden and María Isabel Fernández. She and her sisters, Catalina and Ignacia, studied at College Français of Viña del Mar, an institution now known as Alliançe Française Jean D'Alambert. Today she is married to Chilean filmmaker Patricio Riesco. She has two daughters and a son.

Concerned Women for America

Concerned Women for America is a conservative Christian activist group in the United States. It is against abortion, sex education, contraception, feminism, pornography, stem cell research, and LGBT rights. CWA was founded by Beverly LaHaye, the wife of Christian minister Timothy LaHaye around 1979 as a response to activities from the National Organization for Women and a 1978 Barbara Walters interview with the feminist Betty Friedan. The president and CEO is Penny Young Nance.

Raúl Ruiz (director)

Raúl Ernesto Ruiz Pino (25 July 1941 – 19 August 2011) was an experimental Chilean movie maker, writer and teacher. His work is best known in France. He directed over 100 films.


Radamel Falcao

Radamel Falcao Garcia Zarate (born 10 February 1986), mainly known as Radamel Falcao, is a Colombian footballer. He plays as a striker for Turkish club Galatasaray. He was named Falcao, in honor of Brazilian soccer player Paulo Roberto Falcao. Falcao is nicknamed "El Tigre" or The Tiger in Spanish. He is widely known because of his ability to score goals with both feet and with his head.

When he was 13 years old, he started to play at Fair Play, which is a Colombian soccer school. In his two years with the club, he played eight matches and scored once.

When he was 15 years old, Falcao was discovered by River Plate in a match of selection in Colombia to footballers of maximum 17 years old. Before signing a professional contract with River Plate in 2005, he began to study journalism at the Palermo University in Argentina. When he was 19 years old, he scored two goals at his first match with River Plate. He scored seven goals in seven games, which is a goal each game, before he injured his right knee ligaments at the end of the 2005 season. After a long period of inactivity, he was injured again in January 2006.
On 27 September 2007, Falcao scored a hat-trick against Botafogo, which allowed River Plate to qualify for the quarterfinals of the Copa Sudamericana.

On August 16, 2009, Falcao scored his first goal for F.C. Porto against Paços de Ferreira. During the first season in Europe, he scored 25 goals in 28 matches of the Sagres League. He was the second best striker after Óscar Cardozo, a Paraguayan footballer. During the 2010-2011 season, Falcao scored 16 goals in 13 games in the Europa League, which is more than a goal each game.

In August 2011, he moved to Atlético Madrid for 40 million Euros. In December 2012, he was elected as the second best player from La Liga, the top division of Spanish Football.

In September 2014, Falcao made a £16m loan move to Manchester United from French side Monaco.He was earning £190,000 per week but his season was met with injuries. He scored 4 goals in 29 appearances.

Falcao took part in the 2005 South American U-20 Championship which was held in his home country of Colombia. He won the tournament as well. On 3 June 2007, Falcao scored his first goal for the national team against Montenegro. He scored the only goal of that game. On 11 October 2013, he scored 2 penalties against Chile to help tie the match at 3-3 after losing 3-0. This result meant Colombia qualified for the World Cup for the first time since 1998. Falcao missed the 2014 World Cup because he was injured, but played in the 2018 World Cup and scored a goal against Poland. On 7 June 2017, Falcao became the Colombian national team top scorer, after scoring his 26th goal in a 2–2 draw with Spain.






Cœur de pirate

Béatrice Martin (born 22 September 1989), better known by her stage name Cœur de pirate, is a Canadian singer and a pianist. She is from Montreal.

Martin began taking piano lessons when she was 3 years old. She studied in the Conservatoire de Musique de Montreal for 5 years. At 15 years old, she was the pianist of the group December Strikes First.

In 2007, she had a song on MySpace and the group "Bonjour Brumaire" discovered her. After that, she started to sing and play piano with this group. She wrote her own song and left the group in 2008 to concentrate on her own success. She signed with the label Grosse boîte. Her first album, "Cœur de pirate" was released on 16 September 2008 in Canada and in 2009 in France. For this album, Cœur de pirate has been nominated for many awards. Her second album was released in November 2011. The name of the album is "Blonde". In 2011, she has made another album but with another group the Armistisce with the singer Jay Malinowski from the group "Bedouin Soundclash".

Martin has been nominated for two Juno Awards.

The Félix Awards are presented by the Association du disque, de l'industrie du spectacle québécois to artists from Quebec. Martin has won four awards from 13 nominations.

The "Victoires de la Musique" (Music's Victories) is an annual French award ceremony. Martin has won one award from four nominations.

Martin has been nominated for five Canadian Independent Music Awards, of which she has won one.

Creatine

Creatine is a combination of three non-essential amino acids. These are methionine, arginine and glycine. Creatine is used to produce adenosine triphosphate, ATP. ATP is the energy of the human body. Creatine is already in the body as a natural substance and in some food (for example beef). The body changes creatine to phosphocreatine. It is then stored as energy in the muscles. The energy systems of the body are: aerobic, lactate and phosphocreatine. Most of the creatine is used in the lactate system and the phosphocreatine system because these two systems need more energy than the aerobic system. They also take a part of the energy from the production or the absorption of creatine.

When someone eats creatine it can increase the size of their muscles and increase the amount of protein synthesis. The increase comes from the water retention of cells that store creatine. For protein synthesis, it is not entirely known, but creatine can help with the recovery of muscle. During the time a body recovers from training, the creatine gives extra energy so the cells of the muscle can speed up the protein absorption of the cells.

The creatine travels around the human body in the blood stream. The heart and the muscles are the main parts that use creatine cells. Most of the creatine production will be stored in the skeletal muscle because these muscles need a lot of energy and they need it quickly. The body produces about two grams of creatine per day. Only 90 to 95% of the human creatine production will travel in the blood stream. The 5% to 10% that is not used is lost.

LEED

Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) is a certification program for the design, construction and operation of high performance green buildings since 2002. This mark of excellence is known across the world and there are four levels of excellence. There are 100 possible base points distributed across five major credit categories: Sustainable Sites, Water Efficiency, Energy and Atmosphere, Materials and Resources, Indoor Environmental Quality, plus an additional six points for Innovation in Design and an additional four points for Regional Priority. Buildings can qualify for four levels of certification.

LEED is not a standard but an evaluation grid. LEED is a way to think up and realise art projects in a durable way. LEED only applies to buildings and not to products. It is not a prize but a certification that is delivered by the CaGBC (Canada Green Building Consil). They are the ones who will make sure that all the points are well applied and respected.

So, LEED is a grid that helps us obtain a maximum gain of money, health conditions and restrictions on earth pollution. If there is a house to build in Canada, we must do the excavation and that earth is usually brought to a landfill. But, if you want to stay within LEED standards, that earth must be left on the site. Also, if you have to demolish a building, you must use and demonstrate that you recycled all materials in the construction. Also, that you used the maximum quantity of material possible from the old building to the one being built.

Certified: 40–49 points,
Silver: 50–59 points,
Gold: 60–79 points,
Platinum: 80 points and above 

There are several benefits but there are also disadvantages. The biggest disadvantage is the amount of money it takes to start a project. At first, it may seem expensive. If you look at it as a long term investment, though, a LEED project can save a good amount of money.

A 2008 white paper by the Leonardo Academy compared LEED-EB buildings to data from BOMA's Experience Exchange Report in 2007. This showed that LEED-EB certified buildings had better operating cost savings, in 63% of the buildings surveyed. It ranged from $4.94 to $15.59 per square foot of floor space, with an average valuation of $6.68 and a median valuation of $6.07. 

Synchronized swimming

Synchronized swimming is a sport that is practiced in the water. It is a routine performed with music, like dancing. This sport is demanding because it needs cardio and muscular power. It also requires a good capacity of location in three dimensions in the water while the athletes are performing.

Synchronized swimming became an Olympic sport in 1884, in Los Angeles, with solo and duo routines. In Montreal, the first competition took place in 1924. Also, in 2000, they included team routines at Sydney’s Olympics. Synchronized swimming and rhythmic gymnastics are the only sports exclusively practiced by women at the Olympics.

In Quebec, the provincial competitions are organised by Synchro Quebec. There are three different events to accomplish at the competition. First, the swimmer does a flexibility test that will count for 30% of the results. Secondly, the swimmer presents two to four figures in front of judges, depending on the level. Finally, all the athletes present their routine in front of the judges; there are solo, duo, combo and team routines. Figure and routine will count for 70% of results.

In the USA there are many levels of competition including State, Regional, Zone, Age Group National, and US Junior and Senior Opens. In each competition, athletes are judged on their level and age. There are four levels that are determined by skill level: novice (beginners), intermediate, age group (advanced), and masters (over the age of 20). Within these levels, are groups according to age: 8 and under, 9-10, 11-12, 13-15, 16-17, and 18-19. During a competition, there can be two to three events to accomplish. During the figure test, a swimmer needs to perform four figures that vary from competition to competition and level to level in front of a panel of judges. The four judges will each give a score from 1-10. The scores from each panel are averaged and added up. The results from the figure test are 50% of the team's final routine score. The next event is routines, where the performer presents a routine to the judges. There are four different types, solo (one swimmer), duet (two swimmers), trio (three swimmers) and team (four to eight swimmers). Because the more people in a team routine, the harder it is to synchronize, a point will be added for each swimmer. Each routine has a certain length and certain elements that need to be included according to age and skill level. Occasionally, a large competition will have a flexibility test. For each team member who passes the test, a point will be added to the routine's final score.

To practice synchronized swimming, athletes need a swimsuit for training, a black suit for the figure test and a routine suit for each routine competition that fits with the music. For example, if an athlete is swimming a duet and a team routine, two different competition swimsuits will be needed. Also, they will need goggles and bathing cap for trainings. These are not allowed for routine competition, only for the figure test. Only a white or black bathing cap can be worn at the figure test, because the objective is to not recognise athletes. To keep hair up on their head during the routine competition, athletes make a bun that is held by bobby pins and edible gelatin. Girls put on make-up that fits with their swimsuits.

Finally, it is important for synchronized swimming athletes to train. Training can consolidate muscle endurance, cardio endurance and increase flexibility. It allows a better performance during competitions. Trainings are frequent and very demanding. Swimmers need to be at their best in competition because only few points can determine the first and the second place.

Boardwalk Empire

Boardwalk Empire is an American television show. It was created by Terrence Winter, who also created "The Sopranos". This television show is based on the novel "Boardwalk Empire: The Birth, High Times and the Corruption in Atlantic City" from Nelson Johnson. The show started on HBO on September 19, 2010. It has been running for three seasons, with a total of 36 episodes. A fourth season will start showing in the second half of 2013. On September 26, 2013, HBO announced that they were renewing the show for a fifth and final season starting in 2014. The producer is Mark Walhberg, who also produced the show "Entourage". The show is about one of the first boardwalks in Atlantic City and the rise to power of legendary notorious gangsters like Al Capone, Lucky Luciano and Nucky Johnson (called Nucky Thompson here).

The first episode was produced for US$18 million. "Boardwalk Empire" has been nominated for 30 Emmy Awards and has won 12 of them. It has also won the Golden Globe Award for best drama TV series. The series was in the top 30 to have ever played on national television. Some of the events of this show have a historical meaning like the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre. Most of the characters are based on real persons.

The story takes place in Atlantic City, New Jersey, during the Prohibition Era in the 1920s. It is about the life of main character Nucky Thompson. Thompson was a political figure and controlled a big part of Atlantic City during the 1920s and 1930s. Nucky has one younger brother named Eli who is also the sheriff of the place. During the first episode, alcohol is declared illegal so Nucky goes to bootlegging. He sees profit and a big opportunity there. He deals with corrupt politicians and mobsters from Chicago like Johnny Torrio (Al Capone mentor) and Arnold Rothstein most known for being a big gambler and New York kingpin. He also took an apprentice, Jimmy Darmody a young hero of the First World War, because he sees the potential in him. Nucky will have to deal with Nelson Kasper Van Alden a prohibition agent who watches his every move.


Citroën C6

The Citroën C6 is a car produced by Citroën. It replaced the XM in 2005 which ended production in 2000. There was only a saloon model available and sales were slow throughout its production life and was discontinued in 2012. This car was used by former French presidents Jacques Chirac and Nicolas Sarkozy, and from 2012 by François Hollande. 

Jeanne Cooper

Wilma Jeanne Cooper (or just Jeanne Cooper; October 25, 1928 - May 8, 2013) was an American actress. She was best known for her Emmy Award-winning role as Katherine Chancellor on CBS' soap opera "The Young and the Restless". She was a long serving television actress. 

Cooper was born in Taft, California on October 25, 1928. She was raised in Bakersfield, California. Cooper was married to Harry Bernsen, Jr. from 1954 until they divorced in 1977. They had three children, including actor Corbin Bernsen. Cooper died on May 8, 2013 from complications from COPD in Los Angeles, California, aged 84.


AMX-10RC

The AMX-10RC is a modern reconnaissance battle tank. It was built for use in the French army, and has been exported to three countries.


Phill Lewis

Phill Lewis (born September 4, 1968) is an American actor, television director and comedian, often seen in comedic roles. He is best known for his role as Mr. Moseby on Disney Channel's "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" and its spin-off, "The Suite Life on Deck".

Lewis was born in Uganda to an African-American family. His father Delano Lewis, was an U.S. Ambassador to South Africa. In 1993, Lewis was driving under the influence when he struck another car and killed one victim. He was convicted of manslaughter and driving under the influence. He was sentenced to five years in prison. 

Richard Wilson

Richard Wilson, OBE (born Iain Carmichael Wilson; 9 July 1936) is an Scottish actor, theatre director and broadcaster. He is best known for playing Victor Meldrew in the popular BBC sitcom "One Foot in the Grave" from 1990 until 2000. He also appeared in the BBC drama "Merlin" as Gaius, the court physician of Camelot.

Wilson was born on 9 July 1936 in Greenock, Renfrewshire, Scotland. He studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. In March 2013, Wilson came out as gay.


Dallas Willard

Dallas Albert Willard (September 4, 1935 – May 8, 2013) was an American philosopher also known for his writings on Christian spiritual formation. His work in philosophy has been primarily in phenomenology, particularly the work of Edmund Husserl. He was Professor of Philosophy at The University of Southern California.

Willard was born on September 4, 1935 in Buffalo, Missouri. He studied at the William Jewell College, at the Tennessee Temple College, at Baylor University, and at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Willard died on May 8, 2013, after a short battle with cancer in Pasadena, California, aged 77. His last words were "Thank you." 


Jason Statham

Jason Statham (born 26 July 1967) is an English actor and movie producer.

Statham is known for his roles in "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels" (1998), "Snatch" (2000), "The One" (2001), "The Transporter" trilogy (2002–08), "The Italian Job", (2003), "Death Race", "Crank" (2006), "War" (2007), "The Bank Job" (2008), "The Expendables" (2010), "The Expendables 2" (2012), "Expendables 3" (2014) and "The Expendables 4" (2023). Many of these roles are as antihero in action movies. He does most of his own stunts.

Statham was born on 26 July 1967 in Shirebrook, Derbyshire, England. He was raised in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. Statham has been partners with Kelly Brook from 1997 until they separated in 2004. He began dating model Rosie Huntington-Whiteley in April 2010 and they got engaged in 2016. He and Rosie welcomed a son named Jack in June 2017.

Cyclic compound

In chemistry, a cyclic compound is a molecule where some atoms are linked together forming a loop or ring. Most of the time, these molecules are organic. There are also many examples of inorganic molecule forming rings.

Cyclic compounds can be aromatic - in this case they are flat. Benzene is a simple aromatic cyclic compound. When they are not aromatic, rings tend not to be flat to avoid steric effects.

Cyclic compounds are very important. Many drugs are based on them, like aspirin. There are many reactions that can make or break cyclic compounds. One important class of these is pericyclic reactions.

Bryan Forbes

Bryan Forbes (John Theobold Clarke; 22 July 1926 – 8 May 2013) was a British actor, screenwriter, movie director and producer, and writer. He was known for directing the 1975 horror movie "The Stepford Wives". He was nominated for an Academy Award.

Forbes was born on 22 July 1926 in Stratford, West Ham, Essex. He was raised in Forest Gate, West Ham. Forbes studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. 

He was married to Constance Smith from 1951 until they divorced in 1954. He was married to Nanette Newman from 1955 until his death 2013. They had two daughters.

Forbes was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1975. In 2012, Forbes said that he was misdiagnosed. Forbes died on 8 May 2013 in Virginia Water, Surrey, England from a long illness, aged 86.


At the Movies (U.S. TV series)

At the Movies (originally Siskel & Ebert & the Movies, and later At the Movies with Ebert and Roeper) was a movie review television program. It was produced by Disney-ABC Domestic Television. In the program, two movie critics shared their opinions of newly released movies.

Its original hosts were Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" and Gene Siskel of the "Chicago Tribune". Richard Roeper of the "Sun-Times" became Ebert's regular partner in 2000 after Siskel died in 1999. The series ran for 24 seasons in first run syndication from September 13, 1986 through August 14, 2010.

Saul Bass

Saul Bass (May 8, 1920 – April 25, 1996) was an American graphic designer and Academy Award-winning filmmaker, best known for his design of motion picture title sequences, movie posters, and corporate logos. Bass designed some of the most iconic corporate logos in North America, including the AT&T "bell" logo in 1969, as well as AT&T's "globe" logo in 1983.

Bass was born on May 8, 1920 in New York City, New York. He studied at James Monroe High School and at Brooklyn College. Bass was married to Elaine Makatura from 1961 until his death in 1996. They had two children. Bass died on April 25, 1996 in his home in Los Angeles, California from an illness, aged 75.


Dominoes

Dominoes is a game played with small tiles called dominoes. A domino is a rectangular tile with a line in the middle that separates it into two sides. Each side has a number of black spots. The number of spots is different on each domino. Some dominoes have a side that is blank. The games possible with these objects resemble card games.


Ariel Castro kidnappings

The 2013 Cleveland, Ohio, missing trio were three young women from Cleveland, Ohio who had been missing for between nine and eleven years when they were found alive May 6, 2013. The three women, Amanda Berry, Georgina "Gina" DeJesus and Michelle Knight, were found inside a house that was owned by the person who was thought to have kidnapped them. The six-year-old daughter (whose father is just the criminal, Ariel Castro) of Amanda Berry also escaped from the area. Knight disappeared in August 2002 at age 21, Berry in April 2003 and DeJesus the next year. Ariel Castro (July 10, 1960 – September 3, 2013) was charged with seven counts, four for kidnapping and three for rape. He was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment. He committed suicide in his prison cell on September 3, 2013.

Johnson Space Center

The Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center is in Houston Texas. Part of NASA, it employs over 3000 people. It trains astronauts.


Buford, Georgia

Buford is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. Most of the city is in Gwinnett County. A small part of it is in Hall County. In the 2020 census, the city had a population of 17,144.

After the American Civil War a railroad was built that travelled from Atlanta, Georgia to Richmond, Virginia. While the railroad was being built two railroad stockholders bought land around the railroad, and began building a town. The town was named after the railroad company's president, Algernon Sidney Buford. The railroad was completed in 1871, and Buford officially became a town on August 24, 1872. The Town of Buford was renamed the City of Buford in 1896.

In the later part of the 1800s and the early part of the 1900s Buford became famous for making leather products, including saddles which were sold through the Sears mail order catalog. Many famous actors during that time period used saddles made by the Bona Allen Company in Buford, including Gene Autry, the case of the television show Bonanza, and Roy Rogers' horse Trigger.

After the Great Depression ended the horses were not used for farming as much and tractors were used instead, which meant that there was less need for leather products, and the companies that made leather in Buford closed.

Buford is in north Georgia. It is in the northern part of Gwinnett County and in the southern part of Hall County. It is part of the Atlanta metropolitan area.

The Red Badge of Courage

The Red Badge of Courage is a novel by Stephen Crane. It was published in 1895 by D. Appleton & Co. It tells of a young man's combat experiences during the American Civil War. It received mostly good reviews. It was made into a movie in 1951 starring WWII hero, Audie Murphy.

American Family Association

The American Family Association (AFA in short) is a Christian fundamentalist group United States. They are against homosexuality, same-sex marriage and abortion. They also have positions on a number of other issues. The group is located in Tupelo, Mississippi. It was founded in 1977.

Southern Poverty Law Center

The Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) is a United States nonprofit civil rights organization. It has had legal victories against white supremacist groups. It fights civil rights violations and lawsuits about the separation of church and state.

The SPLC keeps a list of hate groups in the United States. Hate groups persecute or attack entire groups of people because of those people's race, ethnicity, skin color, religion, or home country. 

The SPLC was established around 1971 in Montgomery, Alabama.

Separation of church and state

Separation of church and state is a phrase coined by Thomas Jefferson that refers to keeping government affairs separate from religious affairs. Most states in the world today are secular states have this separation, but some states (those that are theocracies or that have state religions) do not.

The phrase "separation of church and state" was coined by Thomas Jefferson, a Founding Father served as President of the United States from 1801–1809. While the phrase itself is not used, a clause preventing state religion exists in the First Amendment to the United States Constitution:Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.


Lawrenceville, Georgia

Lawrenceville is a city in Gwinnett County, Georgia, in the United States. It is the county seat of Gwinnett County and is the second oldest city in the Atlanta metropolitan area. According to the 2020 census, 30,629 people lived there.

Aimee Teegarden

Aimee Richelle Teegarden (born October 10, 1989) is an American actress and model. She played Jenny Randall in the 2011 movie "Scream 4". She modeled for campaigns including Old Navy, Tommy Hilfiger and Hollister. She was born in Downey, California.

Edward Mooney House

The Edward Mooney House is at 18 Bowery at the corner of Pell Street in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. It is in an area which is today known as Chinatown. The house was built between 1785 and 1789 by rich butcher Edward Mooney on land that was originally part of the Doyer bouwerie (farm) and afterwards belonged to the British Loyalist James Delancey. The land was confiscated by the new American Government after the American Revolution and sold at auction. Mooney would live in the house untul his death in 1800.

The house was built of brick in the Early Federal style. It has three stories plus an attic and full basement. The home was built close to the slaughterhouses, holding pens and tanneries just east of the freshwater Collect Pond.

In 1807, the size of the house was doubled by an addition to the rear. The house would be used as a private residence until the 1820s. Later, it has been a hotel, brothel and Barney Flynn's saloon.

The house was designated a New York City landmark in 1966 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The Edward Mooney House was sold in January 2013 for $5.4 million dollars.

Color depth

In Computer graphics, the term color depth is used to specify the "amount" of color used. Usually it is measured in bits per pixel. One bit can represent two different values. It is known as monochrome or black and white. 16 bit color depth is known as "high color", 24
bits per pixel are known as truecolor. There are also systems with color depths of 30, 36, or 48 bits per pixel. The RGB color model uses 8 bits per pixel, for a total of 24 bits. There may be an extra Alpha channel, with another 8 bits (so a total of 32 bits). Phase Alternating Line, a standard for televisions uses 32 bits per pixel, with a YUV color space. 

Underground hip hop

Underground hip hop is a form of hip hop music that is performed by independent musicians who are signed to an independent record label or no label at all. The genre is known as being positive, socially conscious, or anti-commercial.

Rap rock

Rap rock (also called rock rap or rock hip hop) is a genre of music that combines the vocals and compositions of hip hop with many forms of rock. 

Rap rock has become popular with its sub-genres rap metal and rapcore. Some of the most famous rap rock musicians include Linkin Park, Hollywood Undead, P.O.D., Vanilla Ice, Kid Rock, Eminem, Deuce, Bizzy Bone and Roscoe Dash. The genre began during the 1980s and it is still popular today. 

Hardcore hip hop

Hardcore hip hop (or Hardcore rap) is a form of hip hop that originated in the East Coast hip hop scene. It is known for being aggressive with noisy instruments. The most common things that hardcore artists talk about include sex, nudity, partying, drugs, profanity, police brutality, racism, personal conflicts, consciousness, social issues and the harsh surroundings of the rapper's environment. Types of music inspired by hardcore hip hop include gangsta rap (a type of rap about urban crime and the violent lifestyles of young people in cities), horrorcore (hip hop with horror-themed lyrics and images) and most recently trap (a form of southern hip hop).


ESTCube-1

ESTCube-1 was the first satellite from Estonia. It was made as part of the Estonian Student Satellite Program, and was launched on 7 May 2013 on a Vega rocket. The satellite is a project in which university and high-school students took part. The CubeSat standard for nanosatellites was followed while it was built, resulting in a 10x10x11.35 cm cube, with a volume of 1 liter and a mass of 1.048 kg.

ESTCube-1 was put into orbit by Arianespace, using a Vega rocket which took off from ELA-1 at Kourou at 02:06:31 UTC on 7 May 2013 at a height of 670 kilometres.

Hop (networking)

Computer networks route data packets between a source and a destination. In most cases, the source of a packet is not directly attached to the destination, the packet needs to travel through other stations in between the two. Each time a packet travels through a router, or a gateway it takes one hop. To prevent network congestion, the maximum number of hops a packet can take is limited. With IPv4, this count is known as time to live, with IPv6 it is called hop count. Each time the packet takes one hop, the count is . When it reaches zero, the packet is if it has not reached its destination.

Sociolect

Sociolect is a form of language spoken by a particular class, ethnic group, or age group in society.


Mark Rothko

Mark Rothko (September 25, 1903 – February 25, 1970) was a Latvian-American modern artist. He was born in a part of the Russian Empire that is now in Latvia, but lived in America for most of his life. He was Jewish. He committed suicide in New York City, at the age of 66, by taking an overdose of anti-depressants and slashing his arms with a razor.

His most famous work is known as abstract expressionism or color field painting. In 2012, one of his works sold for $86.9 million.

Rothko's work matured into rectangular fields of color and light. However, between the early period, and the later fields of color, was a long period of transition, marked by two important events in Rothko's life: the onset of World War II and his reading of Friedrich Nietzsche. 

From October 1948, after the death of his mother, Rothko started using symmetrical rectangular blocks of two to three opposing or contrasting, yet complementary, colors. Also, for the next seven years, Rothko painted in oil only on large canvases with vertical formats. Very large-scale designs were used to overwhelm the viewer, or to make the viewer feel "enveloped within" the painting. For some critics, the large size was an attempt to make up for a lack of substance. In retaliation, Rothko stated:

He even suggested that viewers position themselves as little as eighteen inches away from the canvas so that they might experience a sense of intimacy, as well as awe, a transcendence of the individual, and a sense of the unknown.


WINS (AM)

WINS is a radio station in New York City, New York. It first started in 1924. It is an all-news station, using that format since 1965. It is the oldest all-news station in the United States. It is known on-air as Ten-Ten Wins. It is owned by CBS Radio.

When the station first started, it played rock and roll music. It switched to the all-news format on April 19, 1965, going with that format around the clock. Since then, the format has not seen a lot of changes, and it has been a very successful format.

WINS is known for its teletype sound effect that plays in the background and its slogans "All News, All the Time," "The Newswatch Never Stops," "Listen 2, 3, 4 times a day," and "You give us 22 minutes, we'll give you the world." The latter slogan refers to how a segment plays every 20 minutes. While other stations have stopped using the teletype sound effect, WINS has kept it.


Joe Astroth

Joseph Henry Astroth (September 1, 1922 – May 3, 2013) was an American professional baseball player. He was a catcher for the Philadelphia/Kansas City Athletics (1945–46 and 1949–56).

Astroth was born on September 1, 1922 in East Alton, Illinois. He studied at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Astroth was married to Marjorie Astroth from 1947 until his death in 2013. They had four children. Astroth died on May 3, 2013 in Boca Raton, Florida at the age of 90 from natural causes.

Mario Machado

Mario Machado (Mario Jose de Souza Machado; April 22, 1935 – May 4, 2013) was an eight-time Emmy Award-winning television and radio broadcaster. He made television history when, in 1970, he became the first Chinese-American on-air television news reporter and anchor in Los Angeles and perhaps in the nation.

He was also an actor starring in many movies such as "Brian's Song" (1971), "Oh, God!" (1977), "The Concorde ... Airport '79" (1979), "Rocky III" (1982), "Scarface" (1983), and "St. Elmo's Fire" (1985).

Machado was born on April 22, 1935 in Shanghai. He was married to Marie Christine D’Almada Remedios until his death in 2013. Machado died on May 4, 2013 from complication of pneumonia in his home in West Hills, California, aged 78.

Bruce P. Crandall

Bruce Perry Crandall (born February 17, 1933) is a retired U.S. Army officer who was born in Crandall in Olympia, Washington. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Battle of Ia Drang. 

During the battle he flew 22 missions in an unarmed helicopter into enemy fire to bring ammunition and supplies and evacuate the wounded. By the end of the Vietnam War, he had flown over 900 combat missions.

He studied at the University of Washington. After retiring from the Army he worked several jobs in different states before settling down with his wife in his home state of Washington. Crandall was married to Arlene Louise from 1956 until her death in 2010.


J. R. Ewing

John Ross "J.R." Ewing, Jr. is a fictional character in the hit U.S. television series "Dallas" (1978–1991) and its spin-offs, including the revived "Dallas" series (2012–2013). The character was portrayed by actor Larry Hagman from the series premiere in 1978 until his death in late 2012.

One of the show's most iconic figures, J.R. has been central to many of the series' biggest storylines. He is shown as a villainous selfish oil baron with psychopathic tendencies, who is constantly plotting subterfuges to plunder his foes and their wealth. Hagman was the only actor to appear in all 357 episodes of the series.

Hagman died on November 23, 2012, and "Dallas" producers subsequently announced that J.R. would be killed off in the second season. The episode "The Furious And Fast" dealt with J.R's death. Ewing was on the phone with his son saying he had one last plan to get back at another richman. Ewing's son heard gunshots which would eventually kill J.R.

Ewing is considered one of television's most popular characters, with "TV Guide" naming him #1 in their 2013 list of The 60 Nastiest Villains of All Time.

Train ferry

A train ferry is a ferry which was designed to carry railway vehicles. Train ferries are used where it is not possible or practical to build a bridge. Some train ferries were built to also carry cars or passengers, in addition to trains. 

Container ship

A Container ship is a cargo ship that is used to carry standard Intermodal containers. They are common. Most cargo ships that do not carry bulk goods are container ships. The containers come in different sizes. In general, the load they can carry is measured in Twenty-foot equivalent units (abbreviated "TEU"). A twenty-foot container is 1 TEU, a forty-foot container is 2 TEU.

Ben-Hur (1959 movie)

Ben-Hur is an epic movie of the sword and sandal genre released in 1959. It was directed by William Wyler. It stars Charlton Heston as Ben-Hur and Stephen Boyd as Messala. It is set in Ancient Rome and Ancient Judea. It tells of two men - one a Jewish prince and the other a Roman tribune - whose friendship turns to bitter hatred. The climax of the movie is a 9-minute chariot race and the crucifixion of Jesus. The movie won 11 Academy Awards, including Best Picture. The movie is based on the 1880 novel, "" by Lew Wallace. A silent movie on the same subject was made in 1925.


The story is about Judah Ben-Hur, a Jewish prince and merchant in Jerusalem at the beginning of the 1st century. Judah's childhood friend Messala returns home as an ambitious commanding officer of the Roman legions. The two men realize that they have changed and hold very different views. During a military parade, a tile falls from the roof of Judah's house. It barely misses the Roman governor. Although Messala knows that they are not guilty, he condemns the Ben-Hur family. Without trial, Judah is sent to the Roman galleys for life; his mother and sister are imprisoned and all the family property is confiscated.

Through good fortune, Judah survives and returns to Jerusalem, where he seeks revenge against his one-time friend and redemption for his family. Running in parallel with Ben-Hur's narrative is the unfolding story of Jesus, who comes from the same region and is a similar age. The two reflect themes of betrayal, conviction and redemption. With the Crucifixion, Ben-Hur recognizes that the Christ stands for a different goal than revenge, and he becomes Christian, turning to supporting the new religion with money which he has inherited, inspired by love and the talk of keys to a greater kingdom than any on earth.

Notes

Yamna Lobos Astorga

Yamna Carolina Lobos Astorga (born August 26, 1983 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean dancer and television presenter.

Tupolev Tu-124

The Tupolev Tu-124 (NATO code-named Cookpot) is a twin-turbojets airliner built in USSR between 1960 and 1965. It was one of the first civil jet aircraft in the world. It could accommodate between fifty and sixty passengers.
165 examples were built at least.

Wisconsin Rapids

Wisconsin Rapids is a city in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States. 18,367 people lived there at the 2010 census.

Wisconsin Rapids is at (44.386805, -89.823078).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, is land and is water.

The American Indians called the area "Ahdawagam", meaning "Two-sided Rapids". Although Europeans began to settle this area in the 1830s, Wisconsin Rapids has been known by this name only since 1920. Prior to that, it was split by the Wisconsin River, with the west side as Centralia and the east side as Grand Rapids. The two cities joined in 1900, together known as Grand Rapids. The name was changed in 1920 to avoid mail and other goods from being sent to the much better known Grand Rapids, Michigan.

As of the census of 2010, there were 18,367 people, 8,296 households, and 4,626 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 8,972 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 92.2% "White", 0.7% "African American", 1.0% "Native American", 3.7% "Asian", 0.9% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. "Latin-American" were 2.9% of the people.

There were 8,296 households out of which 27.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were married couples living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 44.2% were non-families. 38.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 41.1 years. 22.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.3% were from 25 to 44; 25.5% were from 45 to 64; and 19.8% were 65 years of age or older. There were 47.8% males and 52.2% females.

Known for its wood and paper making history, Wisconsin Rapids is also important to the cranberry industry. Wisconsin Rapids is the home of the international educational software company, Renaissance Learning Inc. as well as other national and global companies.

In the past, Rapids was home to the headquarters for Consolidated Papers, now owned by NewPage Corporation. The company continues its presence in the area with a paper mill that houses two paper machines and a "Kraft process" pulp mill.

Mid-State Technical College offers job-related training, and Lakeland College offers academic learning.

Lincoln High School is the local public high school (grades 10–12) in Wisconsin Rapids. Assumption High School is a private Catholic high school in Wisconsin Rapids. The city has two public junior high schools: East Junior High School (grades 8–9) and Wisconsin Rapids Middle School (grades 6–7). River Cities High School also exists as a charter school alternative to the local high schools.

Wisconsin Rapids has several local parks, including Robinson Park, Gaynor Park, and Lyon Park. There is also a recently built skate park. The state water-skiing championships are held at Lake Wazeecha every year and the national BMX Bandit cycling championships are held at the Central Wisconsin BMX bicycle track. There are three museums, the South Wood County Historical Corporation Museum, the Alexander House, and the Paper Making Museum, all of which are housed in large former family homes. There is a city zoo (free to enter), and two public swimming pools. There is a prairie chicken sanctuary at the Buena Vista Wildlife Reservation, and every year the Prairie Chicken Festival is held. The Betty Boop Festival or the Grim Natwick Animated Film Festival are held annually since the inaugural events in 2010. The Cranberry Blossom Festival takes place in July and the Grand Affair Arts Festival in September of each year. In summer of 2010, the new baseball team, the Wisconsin Rapids Rafters of the summer college Northwoods League, played their first season at Witter Field.



Although this is a list of radio stations based in the Wisconsin Rapids area, the signals of radio stations from much of Central Wisconsin are commonly received in the city.



Tupolev Tu-144

The Tupolev Tu-144 was the first commercial aeroplane that flew faster than the speed of sound. Built in RUSSKIYAS by Tupolev, it is similar to the Concorde. The Tupolev Tu-144 only flew for "Aeroflot", the national soviet airline. Only sixteen examples were built. Its maiden flight was on December 31, 1968. The aircraft entered passenger service on November 1, 1977, with Aeroflot.

Natascha Kampusch

Natascha Maria Kampusch (born 17 February 1988 in Vienna) is an Austrian woman who was kidnapped on 2 March 1998. She was held in a secret cellar by her kidnapper for over eight years until she escaped on 23 August 2006. Media attention then led to Natascha giving certain interviews and writing an autobiography. Her abductor later killed himself when he jumped in front of a suburban train in Vienna; he had apparently planned the killing of himself rather than be caught by police, and had told Kampusch he would not be arrested alive.

Quattrocento

Quattrocento is the Italian term that means "four hundred" for the years belonging to the fifteenth century. It was one of the most important periods of European art and culture. It started in Italy and it is the first phase of the movement known as Renaissance.

The Quattrocento (1401-1500) began in Florence, promoted by the Medici family. At this time the figure of the artist and creator was imposed at the expense of anonymity. Man was considered the most perfect work of God, in the early renaissance artists.

In this century art painting techniques evolve, getting the "perspective", and in sculpture comes an improvement based on the imitation of classical Greek and Roman art. Even in architecture there was a return to the lines of Roman monuments.

Lorenzo de' Medici encouraged a lot of his countrymen to commission works from Florence's leading artists, including Leonardo da Vinci, Sandro Botticelli, and Michelangelo Buonarroti.

The best artists (after the genius of Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo Buonarroti, who worked mainly during the Cinquecento) of this period are:


In Literature the Quattrocento is famous mainly because of Niccolò Machiavelli and Ludovico Ariosto. Indeed, the fundamental characteristic of this literary epoch is that it perfected itself in every kind of art, in particular uniting the essentially Italian character of its language with classicism of style. This period lasted until about a few years after 1494 when Charles VIII of France descended into Italy, marking the beginning of Italy's foreign domination and political decadence.

The famous literary men of the Quattrocento had been educated in the culture created in the preceding century. Niccolò Machiavelli was born in 1469, Michelangelo Buonarroti and Ludovico Ariosto in 1474, Jacopo Nardi in 1476, Gian Giorgio Trissino in 1478, Francesco Guicciardini in 1482, Pietro Pomponazzi in 1462, Marcello Adriani Virgilio in 1464 and Baldassare Castiglione in 1468.

The Renaissance music of Quattrocento was centered around Bartolomeo da Bologna. Indeed, after the "Burgundian School" came to an end, Italy became the leading exponent of Renaissance music and continued its innovation with the Venetian and (somewhat more conservative) Roman Schools of composition.



Wartburg Castle

Wartburg Castle is a castle on a 1230-foot (410-m) cliff to the southwest of Eisenach, in the state of Thuringia, Germany. In 1999 UNESCO added Wartburg Castle to the World Heritage List as an "Outstanding Monument of the Feudal Period in Central Europe" because of its "Cultural Values of Universal Significance".

The castle's foundation was laid in about 1068 by the Thuringian count of Schauenburg, Louis the Springer. He was a relative of the Counts of Rieneck in Franconia. Together with its larger sister castle Neuenberg in the present-day town of Freyburg, the Wartburg protected the borders of his territories. 

The castle ("Burg" in German) reportedly got its name when its founder first saw the hill where the castle now sits; he is supposed to have said, ""Warte, Berg -- du sollst mir eine Burg tragen!"" ("Wait, mountain -- you shall bear a castle for me!"). It is a German play on words for mountain ("Berg") and fortress ("Burg").

The Wartburg remained the seat of the Thuringian landgraves until 1440, and around 1207 it became the place of the "Sängerkrieg", or Minstrels' Contest. Later, Richard Wagner wrote the opera Tannhäuser about the contest.

At the age of four, St. Elisabeth of Hungary was sent by her mother to the Wartburg to be raised to become the wife of Ludwig IV of Thuringia. From 1211 to 1228, she lived there and did charitable work. When her husband died in 1227, she moved to Marburg. She died at the age of 24 and later was canonized (made a saint) by the Roman Catholic Church.

From May 1521 until March 1522, Martin Luther stayed at the castle, after Frederick the Wise had him taken there for his safety. This was after Luther's excommunication by Pope Leo X and his refusal to give up his beliefs at the Diet of Worms. During this time, Luther translated the New Testament into German. It was not the first German translation of the Bible but it became the most well known and most used.

From 1540 until his death in 1548, Fritz Erbe, an Anabaptist farmer from Herda, was held as a prisoner in the dungeon of the south tower, because he refused to give up his beliefs. After his death, he was buried in the Wartburg near the chapel of St. Elisabeth.

On 18 October 1817, the first Wartburg festival took place. About 450 students, members of the German Burschenschaften ("fraternities"), celebrated the German victory over Napoleon that happened four years before, condemned conservatism and called for German unity. Scraps of parchment with the titles of conservative books were burned, because the actual books were very expensive. This event and similar gatherings at Wartburg during the Revolutions of 1848 are considered important events in the movement for German unification.

The Castle has been restored many times. From 1952 to 1966, for example, the East German Government restored it to what it looked like in the 16th century.

The Romanesque "Palas" ("Landgrafenhaus" or Great Hall) is the oldest part of the buildings. Besides the chapel, it has the Sängersaal (Hall of the Minstrels) and the Festsaal (the Feast or Festival Hall), both of which have frescoes by Moritz von Schwind.

Part of the palace is the original castle as it was between 1157 and 1170.

The castle gate behind the drawbridge is the only way to access the Castle, and it has remained exactly as it was when it was built.

The Knights' House on the western side of the drawbridge is from the 15th century. It is probably where the servants and guards lived.

There are two towers, the South Tower (made in 1318) and the bergfried (finished in 1859).

For centuries, many people from Germany and from outside Germany have made pilgrimages to the Wartburg. They do this because of its significance in German history and in the development of Christianity. Several places (especially US towns founded by Lutherans) and a local brand of automobile have been named after the Wartburg. Wartburg College in Iowa, USA, is named after the Wartburg because Martin Luther received protection at the castle, and because of the college's Thuringian heritage.


Max Baucus

Max Sieben Baucus (born December 11, 1941) is an American politician. He was the United States Ambassador to China from 2014 through 2017. He served as a United States Senator from Montana from December 15, 1978 until February 6, 2014. On that date, he was made Ambassador. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was Montana's longest-serving U.S. senator.

Baucus was born on December 11, 1941 in Helena, Montana. He studied at Stanford University. Baucus was married to Ann Geracimos from 1982 until they divorced in the same year. Then he was married to Wanda Minge from 1984 until they divorced in 2009. He has been married to Melodee Hanes since 2011. He has one son, Zeno, with Geracimos.

Baucus announced on April 23, 2013 that he would retire from the U.S. Senate at the end of his term. His term was set to end in 2015. However, he was made United States Ambassador to China by Barack Obama in 2013. He resigned on February 6, 2014, before finishing his final term as senator. Baucus was succeeded by John Walsh, the former Lieutenant Governor of Montana.


John Cornyn

John Cornyn III (born February 2, 1952) is the senior United States Senator for Texas, serving since 2002. He is a member of the Republican Party. He is the current Senate Majority Whip for the 115th Congress. Cornyn was Chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee from 2007-2011.

Cornyn was born in Houston, Texas on February 2, 1952. His family moved to Tokyo, Japan. He studied at Trinity University and St. Mary's University School of Law. He received his LL.M. from the University of Virginia School of Law. Cornyn and his wife Sandy have two daughters.


Saxby Chambliss

Clarence Saxby Chambliss (born November 10, 1943) is a former American politician. He served as a United States Senator of Georgia from 2003 to 2015. A member of the Republican Party, he previously served as a U.S. Representative (1995–2003).

On January 25, 2013, Chambliss announced that he would not be running for a third term.

Chambliss was born on November 10, 1943 in Warrenton, North Carolina. He studied at Louisiana Tech University, at the University of Georgia, and at the University of Tennessee. Chambliss has been married to Julianne Chambliss since 1968. They had two children.


Juba

Juba is the capital and largest city of the Republic of South Sudan. It is also the capital of Central Equatoria, the smallest of the ten states of South Sudan. The city is on the White Nile. It is the seat of Juba County.

The Swineherd

"The Swineherd" is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen. It was first published 20  December 1841 by C. A. Reitzel in Copenhagen, Denmark in "Fairy Tales Told for Children". The fairy tale appears to be original with Andersen though similar tales about the humbling of a proud princess are known, such as "King Thrushbeard" by the Brothers Grimm. "The Swineherd" has been adapted to various media including ballet and opera.
A poor prince wants to marry the Emperor's daughter. She is proud and rejects his simple gifts of a nightingale and a beautiful rose. He disguises himself as a swineherd and gets a job tending the pigs at the palace. One day, he makes a wonderful rattle that plays every tune in the world. The princess gives him 10 kisses for it. Another day, he makes a magical pot that lets the owner know what everyone in town is cooking. The princess gives him 100 kisses for the pot. The Emperor is disgusted that his daughter would kiss a swineherd for a couple of toys. He casts her out. The prince is disgusted too, and closes his door on her. The princess is left outdoors singing sadly.


Titanic (1996 TV miniseries)

Titanic is a 1996 made for television drama about the RMS "Titanic", its passengers and its sinking. This is the first movie of the "Titanic" to show the ship breaking in two. Starring in this movie are Catherine Zeta-Jones, Marilu Henner, George C. Scott, Eva Marie Saint and Peter Gallagher.

Benjamin O. Davis Jr.

Benjamin Oliver Davis Jr. (December 18, 1912 – July 4, 2002) was an American United States Air Force general and commander of the World War II Tuskegee Airmen. He was the first African-American general in the United States Air Force. On December 9, 1998, he was advanced to four-star general by President Bill Clinton. 

Davis, Jr. was born on December 19
, 1912 in Washington, D.C.. He studied at the University of Chicago and at the United States Military Academy. Davis, Jr. was married to Agatha Davis until she passed in 2002. Because of that, they had no children. Davis, Jr. died on July 4, 2002 from Alzheimer's disease in his home in Washington, D.C. when he was 89. He was later buried at the Arlington National Cemetery.He was the first black general in the air force.


David McCullough

David Gaub McCullough (July 7, 1933 – August 7, 2022) was an American author, narrator, historian, and lecturer. He was a two-time winner of the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award and a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the United States' highest civilian award.

McCullough was born on July 7, 1933 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was of Scottish-Irish descent. He studied at Shady Side Academy and at Yale University. In 1954, McCullough married Rosalee Ingram Barnes. They had five children. Barnes died in June 2022.

McCullough taught a writing course at Wesleyan University and was a visiting scholar at Cornell University and Dartmouth College.

McCullough died at his home in Hingham, Massachusetts on August 7, 2022 at the age of 89.


Salva Kiir Mayardit

Salva Kiir Mayardit (born 13 September 1951) is a South Sudanese politician who has been President of South Sudan since its independence in 2011. Prior to independence, he was President of the Government of Southern Sudan, as well as First Vice President of Sudan, from 2005 to 2011. Mayardit was born in Bahr el Ghazal, Anglo-Egyptian Sudan.


George M. Leader

George Michael Leader (January 17, 1918 – May 9, 2013) was an American politician. He was the 36th Governor of Pennsylvania from January 18, 1955 until January 20, 1959. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born and grew up in York County, Pennsylvania. As of 2013, he was the only person from that county ever to be elected governor of the state. His father was politician Guy Leader.

Leader was born on January 17, 1918 in York, Pennsylvania. He studied at Gettysburg College and at the University of Pennsylvania. Leader was married to Mary Jane Strickler until her death in 2011. Leader died on May 9, 2013 from natural causes in his home in Hershey, Pennsylvania, aged 95.


Nazr Mohammed

Nazr Tahiru Mohammed (born September 5, 1977) is an American professional basketball player. He plays the center position. He is 6 ft 10 in (2.08 m) and 250 lb (113.4 kg). He is aggressive in offensive rebounding and putbacks. He was on the Knicks, Wildcats, Atlanta Hawks, Philadelphia 76ers, San Antionio Spurs, Detroit Pistons, and the Oklahoma City Thunders. He is married to his wife, Mandy Mohammed and has three children, named Sanaa, Nasir, and Amani. He also has a brother named Alhaji Mohammed, who plays for the BC Mures. He had a salary of 352,750 USD annually.

Mohammed was born on September 5, 1977 in Chicago, Illinois. His parents were from Ghana. He studied at Kenwood Academy and at the University of Kentucky. He is now retired.


Marquis Teague

Marquis Teague (born February 28, 1993) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Chicago Bulls of the NBA. He was one of the top rated high school basketball players in the class of 2011.

Teague was born on February 28, 1993 in Indianapolis, Indiana. 


Malcolm Thomas

Malcolm Thomas (born November 8, 1988) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Chicago Bulls of the NBA. 

Thomas was born on November 8, 1988 in Columbus, Missouri. He studied at Crawford High School. 

Alfredo Landa

Alfredo Landa Areta (March 3, 1933 – May 9, 2013) was a Spanish actor.

Landa was born in Pamplona, Navarre, Spain. He finished his pre-university studies in San Sebastián. He then began university studies on Law, where he began to work with university school groups. He left university to work in the theater. Landa was married to Maite Imaz Aramendi until his death in 2013. They had three children. 

Landa died on May 9, 2013 in Madrid, Spain, aged 80.

Pamplona

Pamplona a city in Navarre, Spain. The city is famous worldwide for the San Fermín festival, from July 6 to 14, in which the running of the bulls is one of the main attractions.

After the 2011 municipal elections, there are 27 councillors in Pamplona Municipality: eleven of Navarrese People's Union ("Unión del Pueblo Navarro"), seven of Nafarroa Bai, three of Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, three of Bildu, two of People's Party, and one of Izquierda-Ezkerra.


Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin

Wisconsin Dells or Kilbourn City is a city in south-central Wisconsin, with a population of 2,678 people as of the 2010 census. It is surrounded by four counties: Adams, Columbia, Juneau, and Sauk. The city takes its name from the dells of the Wisconsin River, a scenic, glacially formed gorge that features striking sandstone formations along the banks of the Wisconsin River. Together with nearby Lake Delton, the city forms an area known as "the Dells", a popular Midwestern tourist destination. The Dells area has an estimated five million annual visitors.

The Dells area has many indoor and outdoor waterparks, proclaiming itself the "Waterpark Capital of the World". Other attractions include boat tours, golf courses, mini golf, go-kart tracks, water sports, horseback riding, a water ski show, museums, amusement parks, and a casino. Most attractions are located on the Strip, otherwise known as the Wisconsin Dells Parkway. Accommodations range from economical motels to RV parks to chain hotels to themed resorts featuring indoor and outdoor waterparks and other amenities.

Liberace

Władziu (or Vladziu) Valentino Liberace (May 16, 1919 – February 4, 1987), best known as Liberace, was an American pianist and vocalist of Polish-Italian origin.

Liberace's career lasted four decades. It included concerts, recordings, movies, television and endorsements. During the 1950s–1970s he was the highest-paid entertainer in the world. He lived a life of flamboyant excess both on and off the stage.

The success of Liberace's syndicated television program made him a popular recording artist. From 1947-51, he released 10 albums. By 1954, it jumped to nearly 70. He released several recordings through Columbia Records, including "Liberace by Candlelight". He sold over 400,000 albums by 1954. His most popular single was "Ave Maria", selling over 300,000 copies.

His albums included popular songs at the time, such as "Hello, Dolly!". He also played his versions of classical music for the composed by Chopin and Liszt. Many fans of classical music criticized them (and Liberace's skills as a pianist in general) for being "pure fluff with minimal musicianship". In his life, he received six gold records.

Liberace was born on May 16, 1919 in West Allis, Wisconsin.

During his career, LIberace denied being homosexual. He successfully won lawsuits against "The Daily Mirror" newspaper and "Confidential" magazine, who had reported some of his gay relationships. He was awarded damages and legal fees. Towards the end of his life his chauffeur sued him for "palimony". The lawsuit was unsuccessful.

He died of pneumonia caused by AIDS/HIV on February 4, 1987 in Palm Springs, California, aged 67.



Allan Warren

Michael Allan Warren (born 26 October 1948 in Wimbledon, London) is an English society-photographer, writer, and former actor. He is best known for taking photos of many famous people such as Liberace, Donald Pleasence, Salvador Dali, George Burns, and Phyllis Diller.


Gracie Fields

Dame Gracie Fields (born Grace Stansfield, 9 January 1898 – 27 September 1979), was an English actress, singer and comedienne, particularly active during the Second World War. She was a star of both movies and music hall.

Fields was born on 9 January 1898 in Rochdale, Lancashire, England. She died on 27 September 1979 from complications of pneumonia in Il Canzone Del Mare, Capri, Italy, aged 81. 


Singapore strategy

The Singapore strategy was a strategy about defending the British Empire in the Asian Far East, mainly against the Empire of Japan. The strategy involved a number of different plans and stages, developed between 1919 and 1941. The basic idea was to base a fleet of ships in the Far East. This fleet could then be used to stop and defeat a Japanese force heading towards India or Australia. In 1919, Singapore was chosen because of its strategic location at the end of the Strait of Malacca.

The planners thought that a war with Japan would have three phases: while the garrison of Singapore defended the fortress, the fleet would make its way to Singapore, so that it could relieve or recapture Hong Kong. The fleet could also impose a blockade on the Japanese home islands, which would force the Japanese to accept terms. The planners did not think it was practical to invade Japan. The planners also thought that the Japanese would fight a naval battle. Japan consists of many islands. The planners therefore thought that economic pressure would be enough.

The Singapore strategy was the cornerstone of British Imperial defence policy in the Far East during the 1920s and 1930s. By 1937, according to Captain Stephen Roskill, "the concept of the 'Main Fleet to Singapore' had, perhaps through constant repetition, assumed something of the inviolability of Holy Writ". With the time, many problems became apparent. One of the problems was that implementing the strategy cost a lot of money. Other difficulties were of a political or practical nature. Because of all these problems, the strategy could not be implemented. During the 1930s, the strategy was constantly criticised in Britain and abroad. Australia used the strategy to spend as little money as possible on the defence of the country. The strategy ultimately led to the despatch of Force Z to Singapore and the sinking of the "Prince of Wales" and "Repulse" by Japanese air attack on 10 December 1941. The subsequent ignominious fall of Singapore was described by Winston Churchill as "the worst disaster and largest capitulation in British history". The Japanese Occupation of Singapore began.


Google Glass

Google Glass (styled as Google GL"Λ"SS) is a wearable computer that is being developed by Google. It is worn on a person's head, with a screen sitting in front of the eyes that displays information like a smartphone. It is instructed through natural language voice commands. The device also has a touch pad on the side. The plan is to make them attached to regular eyeglasses and sunglasses. 

Dakota Blue Richards

Dakota Blue Richards (born 11 April 1994) is an English actress. She acts in movies and television. She played Lyra Belacqua in the 2007 fantasy movie "The Golden Compass".

Richards was born in London, England.

Division of Canberra

The Division of Canberra is an Australian electoral division in the Australian Capital Territory. It was created in 1974 from the old Division of Australian Capital Territory. It is named for the city of Canberra, which is Australia's national capital. It includes the areas of Tuggeranong, Fyshwick, Weston Creek and Woden Valley, along with the rest of the ACT south of the Molonglo River and Lake Burley Griffin. It also includes people living on Norfolk Island.


Cleopatra (1963 movie)

Cleopatra (1963) is an epic sword and sandal movie starring Elizabeth Taylor, Rex Harrison, and Richard Burton. It was written and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz. At the time, this movie had more money put into its budget than any movie befor that. It did not get back its production cost at the box office. It won four minor Academy Awards but lost Best Picture to "Tom Jones".

Tom Jones (movie)

Tom Jones is a 1963 British movie. It is an adaptation of Henry Fielding's 1749 novel "The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling". The movie stars Albert Finney and Susannah York. It was one of the most critically acclaimed and popular comedies of its time. The movie was the third most popular movie at the British box office in 1963. It won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture. The movie was directed by Tony Richardson. The screenplay was adapted by playwright John Osborne.


Right upper quadrant (abdomen)

The right upper quadrant (RUQ), is an anatomical area of the human body, this area may also be called the "epigastrium". The RUQ extends from the median plane to the right of the patient, and from the umbilical plane to the right ribcage. Pain localized in the RUQ may be a sign associated with various medical conditions:

Internal organs of the RUQ
The rightupper quadrant contains all or part of the following internal organs:

Kristen Hager

Kristen Hager (born January 2nd, 1984) is a Canadian actress who acts in television and movies. She played Nora in the Syfy series "Being Human". Hager was born in Ontario.

Polymer clay

Polymer clay is a type of modelling clay made from the polymer polyvinyl chloride (PVC). It usually does not contain any clay minerals, but the way it is made has given it the colloquial name of clay. A liquid is added to dry particles until it has gel-like working properties, and the part is put into an oven to harden. Polymer clay is generally used for making arts and craft items. There are many different brands of polymer clay. 

Megan Jendrick

Megan Jendrick (née Megan Quann; January 15, 1984) is an American swimmer. She has received many gold and silver medals (two golds in 2000 and a silver in the 2008 Olympics). She has set 27 American records in swimming. Megan Jendrick was born in Tacoma, Washington.

Citroen Visa

The Citroën Visa is a car produced by Citroën. Built in Rennes between 1978 and 1988 when it was replaced by the AX. Some were used in France by National Police.

Zlín Z-37 Čmelák

The Zlín Z-37 Čmelák (Czech: "Bumblebee") is an agricultural aircraft. It was built in Czechoslovakia between 1965 and 1987.

Hero of the Soviet Union

The Hero of the Soviet Union was a medal awarded to members of the Soviet Union Red Army during World War II for men who drastically changed the outcome of a battle. 12,775 were awarded. Title of Hero of the Soviet Union was introduced by the Decree of the CEC of the USSR on 16 April 1934. After WW2 many other socialist countries established similar award. There were a lot of persons who was awarded more that one time.

Virginia Water

Virginia Water is a wealthy village in the Borough of Runnymede in Surrey. 

A report from October 2015 said Virginia Water as the most expensive town for property in the UK. The average house price is over £1m.

Edith Evans

Dame Edith Mary Evans (8 February 188814 October 1976) was a British actress. She was famous for playing haughty aristocratic ladies. Evans was born in London to Edward Evans, a civil servant, and his wife, Caroline Ellen Foster. She was educated at St Michael's Church of England School, Pimlico. 

She first appeared on stage as Viola in "Twelfth Night" in October 1910. Her stage career lasted 60 years during which time she played over 150 different roles in classic theater works such as those of William Shakespeare and Oscar Wilde. She also appeared in works by her contemporaries, George Bernard Shaw and Noël Coward. 

Evans began her movie career in 1915. In 1952, she played Lady Bracknell in the movie "The Importance of Being Earnest". She continued to make some movie appearances, usually in supporting roles. Her movies included "The Nun's Story" (1959), "Tom Jones" (1963) and "Scrooge" (1970). She won a BAFTA award and a Golden Globe award. Evans made her American television debut in 1961. 

She had a heart attack in the 1970s, but continued to appear in television programs in the U.S. and the U.K. until shortly before her death. In 1925, Evans married George (Guy) Booth. They had no children. When her husband died in 1935, Evans never remarried.

Charles Rennie Mackintosh

Charles Rennie Mackintosh (7 June 1868 – 10 December 1928) was a Scottish designer who worked around the turn of the 19th/20th century. He was based in the city of Glasgow. His style is still much in demand and examples of his work are sought after and command high prices.

Dust

Dust is very small pieces of matter in the air or on surfaces. Dust particles are made of different things including dirt, material from volcanic eruptions, and pollution. Dust can also contain small amounts of plant pollen, hair from people or animals, skin cells, and many other things. Dust in outer space makes nebulas. Items can get dust if they are not used for a while.

Dolphin Browser

Dolphin Browser is a mobile web browser for Android, iOS and Bada operating systems. The developer of this application is MoboTap.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 11

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 11 is the eleventh season of "America's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 14 contestants. The winner was 19-year-old McKey Sullivan.



1.
"casting episode"

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.


Zbyněk Michálek

Zbyněk Michálek (born 23 December 1982, in Jindřichův Hradec, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech NHL ice hockey defenceman that currently plays for the Arizona Coyotes.

He was undrafted but started his career in the NHL with the Minnesota Wild. He played for the Wild for a season and mainly stayed with their farm team, Houston Aeros whom he won the Calder Cup with in 2003. He was traded to the Phoenix Coyotes for Erik Westrum and Dustin Wood in 2005. He played 5 seasons with the Coyotes and lead the league in blocked shots during the 2008–09 NHL season. He signed a 5-year, $20 million contract with the Pittsburgh Penguins on July 1, 2010. He played 2 seasons with them and was traded back to the Coyotes during Draft Day 2012 for Harrison Ruopp, Marc Cheverie and a 2012 third-round draft pick (81st overall).

His younger brother Milan plays in the NHL for the Ottawa Senators.

Peregrine White

Peregrine White (16201704) was a child of William and Susanne White and the brother of Resolved White. Peregrine was born in 1620 aboard the ship "Mayflower". He died in what is now known as Marshfield, Massachusetts on July 20, 1704 at the age of 83 years and 8 months. White was the first baby born on the "Mayflower" as it was docked ouside Plymouth Colony.

White's parents came to America to be able to practice their religious beliefs. The name Peregrine name means: "one who journeys to foreign lands", "traveler", or "pilgrim." White's father, William White, died in 1621 and his mother Susanna, married Edward Winslow, another "Mayflower" passenger. The family grew and White had five step-brothers and sisters. One of his step-brothers became Plymouth Colony Governor Josiah Winslow.

In 1636, the family, now numbering 6 - Edward and Susanna White Winslow, Resolved and Peregrine White, and the two children born to Edward and Susanna, Josias and Elizabeth Winslow - moved to the new settlement of Marshfield.

White served in the militia at age 16. White became a lieutenant and then a captain. He was also a farmer. At some point he became a representative to the General Court. In 1637 and 1642 it is written "Miles Standish shall lead those forces and among the names of who will serve is Mr. Prince and Peregrine White" 

In 1651, Lt. Peregrine White was elected surveyor of highways for Marshfield. In 1652 William Bassett Sr. of Duxburrow gave his son-in-law Lt. Peregrine White forty acres of land. On the same day, June 3, 1652, Peregrine White became a freeman which meant he had the right to vote. 

On October 2, 1658 White was chosen to the council of war. In 1659 Peregrine went to Kennebec Trading Post. Peregrine White (was) one of the deputies able to supervise the trading at Kennebecke. There was some troubles with the Indians

On June 16, 1662 William Bassett Sr. gave his lands to his two sons, Peregrine White and Nathaniel Bassett.

On 3 June 1662 Peregrine was chosen deputy for Marshfield. On October 3, 1665 Lt. Peregrine White was granted 200 acres because he was the first Englishman born in these parts. and on March 4, 1673/4 Lt. Peregrine White was granted another 100 acres.

On May 22, 1696 Captain Peregrine White was admitted into the Marshfield Church. He was 78. White traveled to England with Winslow, but returned to Massachusetts before his death.

Peregrine married Sarah Bassett. They had seven children together. The names of their children are:
Daniel, an unnamed child who died young, Jonathan, Peregrine, Sarah, Sylvanus and Mercy.

Sarah, the mother, died in 1711.

Peregrine White died in 1704, dying at what is now known as Marshfield, Massachusetts.

Hazel Grove

Hazel Grove is a suburb of Stockport in Greater Manchester, England. 15,265 people live there.

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 6

America's Next Top Model, Cycle 6 is the sixth season of "America's Next Top Model". This cycle includes 13 contestants. The winner was 18-year-old Danielle Evans.



1.
"casting episode"

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.


Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ

Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ is an historical novel by Lew Wallace. It was published on November 12, 1880 by Harper & Brothers. The novel was the first work of fiction to receive a blessing from a pope. This happened during the reign of Pope Leo XIII.

The novel is set in Ancient Rome and Ancient Judea. It tells the story of two men - one a Jewish prince (Ben-Hur) and the other a Roman tribune - whose lifelong friendship turns to bitter hatred. At the end, Ben-Hur witnesses the crucifixion of Jesus. He becomes a Christian.

The book was the best-selling American novel from the time of its publication until "Gone with the Wind" appeared in 1936. Following the 1959 release of the movie "Ben-Hur" starring Charlton Heston and Stephen Boyd, sales of the novel soared, topping those of "Gone with the Wind".

Lew Wallace

Lewis "Lew" Wallace (April 10, 1827February 15, 1905) was an American lawyer, Union general in the American Civil War, territorial governor and statesman, politician, and author. He is remembered today for his historical novel "" (1880). This book has been a bestseller since its publication. It has been called "the most influential Christian book of the nineteenth century." The story has been adapted four times for the movies.

Carolina Molina

María Carolina Figueroa Molina (born May 28, 1981 in Quillota) better known as La Rancherita, is a Chilean singer.




Stephen Boyd

Stephen Boyd (4 July 19312 June 1977) was an actor. He was born in Northern Ireland. He appeared in stage productions in the U.S. and Canada before breaking into English movies in 1955. Four years later, he played "Messala" in "Ben-Hur" (1959) opposite Charlton Heston. Gore Vidal, who did uncredited work on the screenplay, wanted to give "Messala" a homosexual slant. He convinced director William Wyler and Boyd that the bitter hatred between the two characters was the result of a gay relationship gone wrong. Heston was furious about this gay angle when he found out about it years later. Boyd won a Golden Globe for his performance in "Ben-Hur".

Boyd was the first to be considered for the role of Marc Antony in "Cleopatra" (1963) opposite Elizabeth Taylor. Production was delayed for months when Taylor fell ill. Boyd dropped out of the production to honor other commitments. He appeared in "The Fall of the Roman Empire" (1964) with Sophia Loren and Christopher Plummer. The role of Antony went to Richard Burton.

Boyd appeared in other spectacles like "Billy Rose's Jumbo" (1962), "Genghis Khan" (1965), and "The Bible" (1966). He starred in the sci-fi adventure "Fantastic Voyage" (1966). His co-star in "Voyage", Raquel Welch, made sexual advances to him. He declined with, "An actress is a little bit more than a woman, but an actor is a little bit less than a man." She concluded from this remark (and later reported) that Boyd was gay. Boyd always had difficulty picking good scripts. His last movies were cheesy exploitation flicks made in Europe. He was married twice for very brief periods of time. He never came out as gay. He died of a heart attack while playing golf in California. 

Páginas da Vida

Páginas da Vida is a Brazilian telenovela. It was produced by Rede Globo.


Constantino Romero

Constantino Romero García (May 29, 1947 – May 12, 2013) was a Spanish TV and radio host and actor.

He was known for dubbing in Spanish as Darth Vader in "Star Wars", as James T. Kirk in "Star Trek", as James Bond in several "James Bond" movies, as Harry Callahan in "Dirty Harry", and as the Terminator in "Terminator".

Romero was born on May 29, 1947 in Alcalá de Henares, Spain. He was raised in Chinchilla de Monte-Aragón. Romero retired in 2012 after 47 years of acting. He was married to Joana Vila until his death. Romero died on May 12, 2013 from ALS in his home in Barcelona, Spain, aged 65.

Pedro Armendáriz

Pedro Gregorio Armendáriz Hastings (May 9, 1912 – June 18, 1963), better known as Pedro Armendáriz, was a Mexican-American actor who made movies in both Mexico and the United States. He was known for his role as Kerim Bey in "From Russia with Love" (1963).

Armendáriz was born on May 9, 1912 in Mexico City, Mexico. His father was Mexican and his mother was American. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. Armendáriz studied at the California Polytechnic State University. He was married to Carmelita Bohr from 1938 until his death in 1963. They had one son, actor Pedro Armendáriz, Jr..

Armendáriz was diagnosed with cancer and later moved to Los Angeles, California. He was in great pain and he didn't want his family to suffer financially. Armendáriz shot himself directly in his heart on June 18, 1963 in Los Angeles, California, aged 51. He was later buried at Panteón Jardín, Mexico City, Mexico.


Prestatyn

Prestatyn is a seaside town in Denbighshire, north Wales. As of 2011 the population was 18,849.

Gerd Langguth

Gerd Langguth (18 May 1946 in Wertheim – 12 May 2013 in Cologne) was a German professor of political science at the University of Bonn and the author of biographies of Angela Merkel and Horst Köhler.

Langguth studied at Dietrich Bonhoeffer School. He died in 2013, aged 66.

From 1976 to 1980 he was a member of the Bundestag on behalf of the CDU.


Tanza Varela

Tanza Varela (born Constanza Andrea Varela de la Barra on 15 April 1991 in Temuco) is a Chilean actress and model.




Miriam Palacios

Miriam Isabel Palacios Piña (born December 18, 1933 in Victoria and died March 18, 2013 in Santiago) was a Chilean actress.


Queen Mary's Peak

Queen Mary's Peak is the summit of the island of Tristan da Cunha, in the South Atlantic Ocean. The top of it is 2,062 metres (6,765 feet) above sea level. It is named after Mary of Teck, the Queen consort of King George V. It is the highest point of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha.

The mountain is the peak of the large shield volcano which forms the island. The crater at the top is wide, with a heart-shaped lake. This lake is normally frozen during the winter, and the upper slopes of the volcano are covered in snow.

The only recorded historical eruption occurred in 1961 from a small crater on the north shore of the island. The island community had to be evacuated.

Queen Mary's Peak was used by sailors on the route from Europe to the Indian Ocean and beyond as a navigational aid. In the 17th century the East India Company instructed captains to sail via Tristan.

The first known attempt to go up to the peak was in 1793 by the French naturalist Louis-Marie Aubert du Petit-Thouars. He could not get to the top. However, he collected hundreds of plants. Today, Queen Mary's Peak makes a wonderful but steep climbing route. Climbing it can take 5 to 10 hours, depending on the ability of the walker. Visitors are required to use a local guide if they want to go to "The Peak".


Carlos Schneeberger

Carlos Alberto Schneberger Lemp (born 21 June 1902 in Lautaro, Chile died 1 October 1973 in Temuco, Chile) was a Chilean football attacker.

The Smurfs (movie)

The Smurfs is a 2011 animated comedy movie that is based on the comics "The Smurfs" by Peyo. It stars Neil Patrick Harris, Katy Perry, and Jonathan Winters. The movie was released on July 29, 2011 to mixed reviews. A sequel entitled "The Smurfs 2" was released on July 31, 2013.


The Smurfs 2

The Smurfs 2 is a 2013 animated comedy movie. It is the sequel to the 2011 movie "The Smurfs". It stars Neil Patrick Harris, Katy Perry, Christina Ricci, and Jonathan Winters. This was the last movie by Jonathan Winters. It was released on July 31, 2013.

It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World

It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World is a 1963 American comedy movie. It is about when a thief hid a large amount of money and causes a madcap cross-country rush to find the money. It stars Spencer Tracy, Mickey Rooney, Peter Falk, Carl Reiner, Milton Berle, Jimmy Durante, Phil Silvers, Sid Caesar, Ethel Merman and Jonathan Winters. It won one Academy Award for Best Effects.


Mazu (goddess)

Mazu, also known as Matsu, is a popular Taoist and Chinese Buddhist goddess. She is the goddess and patroness of the sea. She is believed to protect fisherman and sailors. Mazu is widely worshiped in southern China, Vietnam, Taiwan, Zhejiang, Fuijian, Guangdong and Hainan. She is popularly known as Empress of Heaven and Holy Mother Empress of Heaven. Her other popular titles are Holy Mother Empress of the Heavens above, Heavenly Imperial Concubine, Lady Mazu, Heavenly Princess consort and Heavenly Holy Mother.

Mazu was born on 23 March 906. According to legend when she did not cry when she was born, so she was thereafter named Lin Moniang which means "Silent girl" or "silent young female". She had a mysterious ability to predict weather and often she warned others to not make journeys to the sea. She became a very good swimmer and would often rescue people from the sea even in the harshest weather. There are at least 2 versions of her death. 


After her death, her family and many other families of sailors and fishermen started to pray for her heroic acts to try to save those at sea. Soon her worship spread quickly to other parts of Asia. Starting from Fuijian, worship of Mazu spread to neighboring coastal provinces of Zhejiang and Guandong, and thence to all coastal areas of mainland China. Later, due to Chinese immigrants, the worship of Mazu further spread to Taiwan, Vietnam, Japan, Ryuku Islands, and parts of Southeast Asia. Many people soon began to build temples dedicated to Mazu all over the world. 

Mazu is usually shown sitting on a throne between two demons known as "Thousand Miles eye" (, Qianli Yan) and "With-the-Wind Ear" ( Shunfeng Er). According to legend, both of them were conquered by Mazu and then both of them fell in love with her. Mazu said she would marry the one that defeats her. Using her martial art skills, Mazu defeats them both and they become her friends. She is usually dressed in a red robe in paintings and murals, but in sculptures she is clothed in jewel-festooned robes of an empress holding a ceremonial tablet or a jeweled staff whilst wearing the easily recognized flat-topped imperial cap with hanging beads at the front and back.

Banquo

Banquo is a character in William Shakespeare's 1606 play "Macbeth". He was a friend of the play's villain Macbeth. Banquo was the thane of Lochaber. He was killed by murderers hired by Macbeth so that he doesn't get in the way of Macbeth's reign as king. His son, Fleance was with him during the attack and lives.

Rex Harrison

Sir Reginald Carey Harrison (5 March 1908 – 2 June 1990) was an English actor. He began his stage career in 1924. He won a Tony Award in 1949, and another for his role of Professor Henry Higgins in the stage production of "My Fair Lady" in 1957. He played the role in the 1964 movie version, and won a Golden Globe Award and Best Actor Oscar. Harrison appeared in many movies including "Cleopatra" (1963) and "Doctor Dolittle" (1967). He was knighted by Elizabeth II in 1989. Harrison wrote two autobiographies. One was published in 1975, and the other after his death in 1991. He was married six times. He had two sons. He died in June 1990.

My Fair Lady (movie)

My Fair Lady is a 1964 movie based on Lerner and Lowe's 1957 stage musical of the same name. The musical and movie are based on the movie adaptation of the stage play "Pygmalion" by George Bernard Shaw. The movie was directed by George Cukor. It stars Rex Harrison and Audrey Hepburn. The story is about phonetics professor Henry Higgins. He wagers that he can turn flower girl Eliza Doolittle (Audrey Hepburn) into a proper English high society lady. The movie won eight Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Actor (Harrison), and Best Director.

Julie Andrews was the original Eliza in the stage musical. Audrey Hepburn was cast as the movie Eliza because studio head Jack Warner wanted "a star with a great deal of name recognition". Julie Andrews did not have any movie experience. He thought a movie with her would not be as successful as a movie with Hepburn. Andrews went on to star in Disney's "Mary Poppins" that same year. She won the Best Actress Academy Award over Hepburn.

Sugar Hill, Georgia

Sugar Hill is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. The city is in Gwinnett County and is part of the Atlanta metropolitan area. Sugar Hill has a population of 25,076 according to the 2020 United States Census. This makes it the fourth-largest city in Gwinnett County.

Sugar Hill was created by the State of Georgia's government in 1939, and when the Sugar Hill was created it was called the Town of Sugar Hill. The town was renamed to the City of Sugar Hill in 1975. Before Sugar Hill was a town, the area was part of a road that went from a railroad stop in Buford, Georgia to the city of Cumming, Georgia. Sugar Hill was named when a large shipment of sugar spilled along the route, and people started calling the area "the hill where the sugar spilled" or "the sugar hill".

Spanglish (movie)

Spanglish is a 2004 American romantic comedy-drama movie written, directed and co-produced by James L. Brooks. It stars Adam Sandler, Téa Leoni and Paz Vega.

Sandler plays chef John Clasky; Leoni plays his wife, Deborah. They are a rich white American couple who live in Los Angeles with their daughter, son and Deborah's mother. They employ Flor to be their housekeeper. She and her daughter are working-class illegal immigrants from Mexico who move in with the Claskys.


Keeping Up Appearances

Keeping Up Appearances is a British sitcom by Roy Clarke. It was shown on BBC One from 1990 to 1995 and is set in the West Midlands. It stars Patricia Routledge as middle-aged, middle-class, English housewife Hyacinth Bucket, who has narcissistic and obsessive-compulsive personality disorders and lives in a suburban house with her civil servant husband Richard. She insists that her surname is pronounced Bouquet. She is the eldest of four sisters. She has a gay son who lives away from home and is studying needlework at a polytechnic college. She is proud of her sister Violet, who is married to a rich but eccentric man. Hyacinth is embarrassed by her lazy sister Daisy, her lazy husband Onslow, her histrionic sister Rose and demented father, who are underclass and live in a nearby council house. The sitcom is about Hyacinth's attempts to prove her superiority and high social status (and that of her husband and unseen son), her attempts of being accepted by the upper class and people of high position, and her trying to hide her underclass family.

Gold farming

Gold farming is playing a massively multiplayer online game to get virtual currency that other players buy in exchange for actual money. Some people in China and other developing nations have had full-time jobs as gold farmers.

Norcross, Georgia

Norcross is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. The city is in Gwinnett County. It is part of the Atlanta metropolitan area. The city had a population of 17,209 according to the 2020 United States Census.

Atlanta metropolitan area

The Atlanta metropolitan area is an area around the city of Atlanta. The United States Office of Management and Budget calls the area the "Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area". It is also unofficially known as Metro Atlanta. More people live in the Atlanta metropolitan area than any other metro area in Georgia. It is the sixth largest metro area in the United States. The Atlanta metropolitan area includes 29 counties in north Georgia. The US Census Bureau estimated that 5,457,831 people lived in the Atlanta metropolitan area in 2012.The City of Atlanta, however, is only the 40th largest the U.S., with an estimated population of around 420,003 in the 2000 Census and 498,715 in the 2020 Census. The City of Atlanta occupies 131 sq.miles and has a relatively low population density of 671.5 people/sq.mile. In comparison, New York City and Los Angeles have population densities of 8,158.7 and 8092.3 people/sq.mile respectively (2000 Census).

Boyce Avenue

Boyce Avenue is a band formed in Florida. They play pop rock music. They like to make their songs sound more melodical. The group is made up of three brothers. Their names are Alejandro, Fabian and Daniel Manzano. The group began in 2004. They are becoming more and more known by everyone. They chose to call the group "Boyce Avenue" because it is a combination of the two streets they have grown up on. Boyce Avenue usually play music in Asia, Australia, Europe, North America and South America.

In 2007, they had decided to put their music on Youtube. Since this moment, they have filmed themselves playing songs that they made or songs that they like from some artists like Rihanna, Coldplay, Lifehouse and Bruno Mars. They also invite new artists like Hannah Trigwell to play as guests.

Almost of the songs that they play are acoustic. The singer, Alejandro, plays the guitar with his other brother Fabian. The oldest brother, Daniel, does all the percussion and sometimes, he plays the bass. Alejandro plays also the piano. Their first big show was in New York City in January of 2009. All tickets were sold. That is when they decided to have more shows all around the world.

They have two albums with only their songs on. The first one is called "All You're Meant To Be". This was released in 2008. The second one is "All We Have Left", made in 2010. All songs that are in those albums were written and produced by them. "Every Breath" is the first single of the second album, "All We Have Left". This song also has a music video. The group has also five other albums. The songs in those albums are not their songs. It is many different songs from many other artists.


Division of Fraser

The Division of Fraser was an Australian Electoral Division in the Australian Capital Territory and the Jervis Bay Territory. It was set up in 1974 when the Division of Australian Capital Territory was changed. It is named for Jim Fraser, who was member for Australian Capital Territory 1951-70. It includes the area north of the Molonglo River and Lake Burley Griffin, Belconnen, Gungahlin, and North Canberra. It also includes Jervis Bay Territory.



Kelut

Mount Kelut is a volcano in Indonesia. It is in eastern Java.

Vulcanization

Vulcanization is a kind of chemical reaction between sulphur, or another agent, and natural rubber. It makes cross-links between the molecular chains in the rubber. The reaction is not reversible. Charles Goodyear discovered it in 1839.

The purpose of this is to harden the rubber so it does not melt or soften in warm temperatures. This hard rubber can keep its shape when it is used where it might be warmed or cooled.

Jerry Siegel

Jerome "Jerry" Siegel (October 17, 1914 – January 28, 1996) was an American comic book writer and artist. He is known for creating Superman. He won many awards and was honored many times for his creation. 

Siegel was born on October 17, 1914 in Cleveland, Ohio to a Jewish family. Siegel studied at Greenville High School. Siegel was married to Joanne Siegel from 1948 until his death in 1996. They had one daughter, Laura. Siegel died from unknown causes in Los Angeles, California, aged 81.


Edinburgh of the Seven Seas

Edinburgh of the Seven Seas is the capital and the only settlement of the island of Tristan da Cunha, in Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, an overseas territory of the United Kingdom, in the South Atlantic Ocean. Locally it is always called "The Settlement".

Edinburgh of the Seven Seas is regarded as the most remote permanent settlement on Earth, being from the nearest human settlement, on Saint Helena.

The first permanent settler was Jonathan Lambert, from Salem, Massachusetts, United States, who came to the islands in December 1810. He declared the islands his property and named them the "Islands of Refreshment". Lambert's rule was short-lived, as he died in 1812.

The settlement was founded on the island of Tristan da Cunha in 1816 by a Corporal William Glass (with his South African wife and two children) after the UK annexed Tristan da Cunha. A military garrison was maintained on the islands as a guard against any French attempts to rescue Napoleon, imprisoned on Saint Helena. The military garrison remained until the end of World War II.

It is named after Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, the second son of Queen Victoria, in honour of his visit to the island in 1867, after which the Settlement was officially (but never locally) known as "Edinburgh of the Seven Seas".

It was damaged in a volcanic eruption near the Settlement in 1961 which forced the entire population to abandon the settlement and move to the UK. The eruption destroyed the settlement's crayfish factory. The following year a Royal Society expedition went to the islands to assess the damage, and reported that the settlement of Edinburgh of the Seven Seas had been only marginally affected. Most families returned in 1963.

After the return of most of the islanders in 1963, the Settlement was rebuilt. The harbour at Edinburgh was named Calshot Harbour, after the place in Hampshire where the islanders temporarily stayed.

Edinburgh of the Seven Seas is the only major settlement of Tristan da Cunha, and contains a small port, the Administrator's residence, and the post office. There is a school, St Mary's School, with five classrooms, a computer room and other facilities.

Edinburgh of the Seven Seas has a mild and humid oceanic climate, with moderate temperatures throughout the year.


Harry Lennix

Harry Joseph Lennix III (born November 16, 1964) or Harry J. Lennix is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Terrence "Dresser" Williams in "The Five Heartbeats" and as Boyd Langton in the television series "Dollhouse". He played General Swanwick in the 2013 movie "Man of Steel", its 2016 follow-up movie "", and the 2021 movie "Zack Snyder's Justice League", which reveals that Swanwick was actually the Martian Manhunter.

Lennix was born on November 16, 1964 in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Quigley Preparatory Seminary South and at Northwestern University.


Pannotia

Pannotia (also called Greater Gondwanaland or the Vendian supercontinent) is a Neoproterozoic supercontinent. It may have existed during the Ediacaran period (~600 mya), to the end of the Precambrian (about 541 mya). After that, it split into smaller continents. The small ones were Laurentia, Siberia and Baltica, with the main landmass Gondwana south of them.

About 750 million years ago the older supercontinent Rodinia split apart into three continents. These were earlier forms of Laurasia and Gondwana, and the continental craton of Congo. About 600 milion years ago, they formed Pannotia.

Pannotia did not last for long. The collisions that formed Pannotia were brief collisions, and the continents making up Pannotia already had active rifting. By about 550 million years ago, Pannotia separated into four continents. This means it only lasted for about 50 million years. Later the four landmasses would combine again to form the next supercontinent, Pangaea.



Nintendo e-Reader

The e-Reader is a device made by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance video game console. It is an add-on device which attaches to the Game Boy Advance. It was released in Japan in December 2001 and in North America in September 2002. It is used to read "e-Reader cards," which are paper cards with video game data on it. To use an e-Reader card, the player swipes the card into the e-Reader's slot. e-Reader cards that were released include:


The e-Reader was successful in Japan, with many e-Reader cards being released in only in Japan. It was not as successful in North America, where it stopped being made in 2004.

The Sound of Music (movie)

The Sound of Music is a 1965 American musical movie. It was directed by Robert Wise. It stars Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer. The movie is based on the Broadway musical "The Sound of Music". The songs were written by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II. The musical was based on the book "The Story of the Trapp Family Singers" by Maria von Trapp. The movie is about a young woman who leaves an Austrian convent to become a governess to the seven children of a naval officer widower. "The Sound of Music" contains several popular songs, including "Edelweiss", "My Favorite Things", "Climb Ev'ry Mountain", "Do-Re-Mi", "Sixteen Going on Seventeen", and the title song, "The Sound of Music".

"The Sound of Music" was shot on location in Salzburg, Austria; the state of Bavaria in Germany; and at the 20th Century Fox studios in California, USA. The movie won five Academy Awards including Best Picture. It displaced "Gone with the Wind" as the highest-grossing film of all-time. The cast album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Album of the Year. In 2001, the United States Library of Congress selected the movie for preservation in the National Film Registry as it was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Camelot (musical)

Camelot is a musical. Alan Jay Lerner wrote the book and lyrics. Frederick Loewe wrote the music. The musical is based on T. H. White's novel, "The Once and Future King". It tells the story of King Arthur and his knights in Camelot. 

The original 1960 production was directed by Moss Hart. It ran on Broadway for 873 performances. It starred Julie Andrews, Robert Goulet, and Richard Burton. 

The original production was followed by several revivals and foreign shows. In 1967, a movie version starring Richard Harris, Franco Nero, and Vanessa Redgrave was released. The original cast album was America's top-selling LP for 60 weeks. The musical has become associated with John F. Kennedy's Presidential Administration.

James Webb Space Telescope

James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is a telescope that was launched on 25 December 2021. It is a replacement for the Hubble Space Telescope which was launched in 1990. 

The telescope is named after James E. Webb, who was a director at NASA and created the Apollo program that put astronauts on the moon.

It has a main mirror that is wide. This is 6 times larger in area than Hubble. It is so large that it is made in 18 pieces that fold together during the launch, so that it can fit into a rocket. It is mainly an infrared telescope but also works in the red part of the visible light (the pictures will be coded with false color so we can see them). It is plated with gold because gold reflects infrared very well. It is able to see things that the Hubble Space Telescope cannot. Infrared vision can be used to see heat radiation (like some kinds of night vision goggles), so the telescope itself must be kept as cool as possible. It is protected by a large sunshield the size of a tennis court to keep it cool and dark.

NASA released the first image from JWST on 11 July 2022, the oldest and highest resolution image of the Universe.

The JWST is in orbit far from Earth, to avoid heat radiating from the Earth and moon. This special orbit is beyond the moon, at the second Lagrange point (L2) of the Sun-Earth system, a place of stable gravity. This orbit is from Earth, about four times farther away from us than the moon. This keeps it in the Earth's shadow most of the time; it does not actually go around the Earth, but goes around the sun at the same speed as the Earth.

Does This Look Infected?

Does This Look Infected? is the second studio album by Canadian punk rock band, Sum 41. "Does This Look Infected?" was released on November 26, 2002. It's more heavy and less poppy than "All Killer, No Filler.

The album featured the singles "Still Waiting", "The Hell Song" and "Over My Head (Better Off Dead)". It is the only Sum 41 album that has a parental advisory sticker on it. Drummer Steve Jocz is featured on the cover dressed as a zombie. The band said on the DVD Sake Bombs And Happy Endings that the song title "A.N.I.C." stood for Anna Nicole is a Cunt. The band stopped including the song in their live performances after Smith died.

Underclass Hero

Underclass Hero is the fourth studio album by Canadian punk rock band, Sum 41. "Underclass Hero" was released on July 18, 2007, in Japan, July 23, 2007, in Canada and Europe and on July 24, 2007, in the United States.

The album featured the self-titled single "Underclass Hero", "Walking Disaster" and "With Me".

The album was the first that did not feature guitarist Dave Baksh who left the band On May 11, 2006, because of personal reasons. The album received mixed to negative reviews but also received success on the Canadian and on the United States album charts where it reached #1 on the Canadian Albums Chart and also at #7 on the U.S. Billboard 200.

The album was certified in both Canada and Japan where it sold 100,000 Units+ in Japan and 50,000 Units+ in Canada.

Screaming Bloody Murder

Screaming Bloody Murder is the fifth studio album by Canadian punk rock band, Sum 41. "Screaming Bloody Murder" was released on March 25, 2011.

The album featured the self-titled single "Screaming Bloody Murder", "Baby, You Don't Wanna Know" and "Blood in My Eyes". "Blood in My Eyes" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance at the 2011 Grammy Awards.

It was the last album to feature original drummer, Steve Jocz as he left the band on April 18, 2013. The album received mixed to positive reviews. Grace Duffy of Under The Gun said:

All songs written and composed by Deryck Whibley, except where noted.

Lagrange point

Lagrange points are stable positions near large bodies in orbit. When two large bodies are in orbit around each other, there are places that a third body can occupy. Lagrange points are found in the orbits of Earth and the Sun, or the Moon and the Earth. The most well-known natural occupants of Lagrange points are Trojan asteroids.

The points are "five places where a small object (such as a man-made satellite) can orbit". At those points, the gravitational forces of the two large bodies and forces due to motion all balance up. So, at those places, a small object keeps more or less in a stable position. Dust clouds, asteroids, and man-made satellites are found in those points.

This effect is named after the mathematician Joseph-Louis Lagrange, who wrote a paper on this in 1772 (long before we put satellites into orbit). 

The five places are called L1, L2, L3, L4 and L5. The first three (L1, L2, L3) are called metastable because if a satellite gets a bit out of place, it will fall away from that point, and not come back without using fuel. L4 and L5 are considered stable - if a satellite gets a bit out of place, it will be pulled back into place by the gravity and centripetal forces, and oscillate around the Lagrange point. This can result in very wide swings around L4 and L5, sometimes called by such names as "tadpole" and "horseshoe" orbits.

NASA has inserted satellites into two Lagrange points of the Sun-Earth system. The L1 point (between the Earth and the sun) is used for satellites in a halo orbit to watch the sun, looking for solar flares. The L2 point (beyond the Earth) is used for space telescopes such as the James Webb Space Telescope launched on 25 December 2021. It is a million miles (about 1.5 million kilometers) from Earth. 
Because L4 and L5 are stable, they have attracted dust clouds. The Earth-Sun system has attracted a few asteroids and the bigger planets have more and larger ones. These asteroids are called "Trojan asteroids".

Chur

Chur or Coire is the capital city of the canton of Graubünden (also called "Grisons"). About 34.000 people live in the city, which is probably the oldest in Switzerland. The city is on the Rhine River.

The name "chur" may come from the Celtic word "kora" or "koria", meaning "tribe", or from the Latin "curia"

Archaeological evidence that people lived here goes back as far as the Pfyn culture (3900-3500 BC), Various artefacts from the Bronze Age and Iron Age have been found in the city. The Roman Catholic Diocese of Chur was created in the 4th century. It was probably the first Roman Catholic diocese to be created north of the Alps.

On 1 January 2020, the municipality Maladers became part of Chur. On 1 January 2021, Haldenstein became a part of Chur.


Chaldean Rite

The Chaldean Rite, or East Syrian Rite is a rite that is practiced by the Church of the East and its modern descendants, the Assyrian Church of the East, the Ancient Church of the East, the Chaldean Catholic Church, and the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church. The Chaldean Catholic Church and the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church are in full communion with the Holy See. Thomas the Apostle established Christianity in Mesopotamia, Assyria, and Persia, when he travelled to India. The First Council of Ephesus in 431, said that the ideas and teachings of Nestorius were false. These teachings are commonly known as Nestorianism. The Church of Seleucia-Ctesiphon did not share this opinion, and split from the other churches. The church was very successful, and quickly spread. The conquest of Tamerlane in the 15th century, almost destroyed the church, and reduced itto a few communities. Differences in opinion resulted in the current situation. Two of the four churches are in full communion with the Holy See. All the churches commonly use the Syriac language for their texts.

Derek McLane

Derek McLane (born June 14, 1958, in London) is an American set designer for Broadway plays. He did a Master of Fine Arts at Yale School of Drama in Set and Costume Design. He also graduated from Harvard University. He designed many Broadway shows in the last decade, including "The Heiress", "33 Variations", "Macbeth", "Follies", "Anything Goes", and "Ragtime". 

Stangmore Park

Stangmore Park is a football ground in Dungannon, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is the home ground of Dungannon Swifts and Warrenpoint Town. The stadium holds 5,000 people. It has 600 seats.

Amblyopia

Amblyopia, more commonly called lazy eye, is a condition that affects the eye. In this condition, a nerve pathway leading from one eye to the brain does not develop correctly, leading to poor vision. As a result, blurred images are sent to the brain.

Sayaka Kanda

In 1999, while a student at a Japanese school in Los Angeles, she appeared in "Bean Cake". The short film won the Palme d'Or du court métrage at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival. In 2005, she released a DVD called "Dolls".

She made her "Kōhaku Uta Gassen" debut in the 62nd "Kōhaku Uta Gassen" (12/31/2011) singing "Ue wo muite arukō" with her mother, Seiko Matsuda.

Kanda died after jumping from the fourteenth floor of her hotel room in Sapporo, Japan on December 18, 2021. She was 35 years old.





Nena

Gabriele Susanne Kerner (born 24 March 1960), better known by her stage name Nena, is a German singer and actress. She is best known for the New German Wave song "99 Luftballons". In 1984, she re-recorded this song in English as "99 Red Balloons".


Eros Ramazzotti

Eros Luciano Walter Ramazzotti (born October 28, 1963), known simply as Eros Ramazzotti, is an Italian pop singer and musician. Ramazzotti is popular in Europe and the Spanish-speaking world. He has released most of his albums in both Italian and Spanish.


Flash Forward

Flash Forward was the first Disney Channel original TV series. It was produced in Canada by Global Television. The show was meant for pre-teens and teenagers. It was on the Disney Channel from 1995-1997.

The show is about two best friends, Tucker and Rebecca, and their neighbors. They are in the eight grade. The show was produced by Atlantic Films. The show had 26 episodes and only one season.



Bug Juice

Bug Juice is a Disney Channel reality series. It was on the channel from February 28, 1998 – October 15, 2001. The show is centered around 20 kids and their experiences at a summer camp. The kids are seen working hard in their activities and building friendships. The phrase "bug juice" is a camping slang word for a very sweet juice drink made from powdered mixes, such as Kool-Aid. This is often served at summer camps.

After the show ended, "Bug Juice" did not appear on Disney Channel until the summer of 2004. The first season was shown and the last episode aired on August 20, 2004. This was the last time it was on Disney Channel. During the summer of 2006, Disney began adding mini episodes of "Bug Juice" on its website. The mini episodes were only five minute clips from the first season. "Bug Juice" was also broadcast in the United Kingdom on Channel 4's "The Bigger Breakfast".

The first season took place in Waterford, Maine at Camp Waziyatah. They have been open since 1922.


The second season took place in Horse Shoe, North Carolina at Camp Highlander.


The third season took place in Tererro, New Mexico at Brush Ranch Camp.



The Famous Jett Jackson

The Famous Jett Jackson is a Canadian and American Disney Channel TV series. It is a coming-of-age television show for children between the ages of 12-16. The show is about a guy named Jett Jackson (Lee Thompson Young). He plays a teenage secret agent on a fictional TV show called "Silverstone". 

The show was on the Disney Channel from October 25, 1998 – June 22, 2001. It was removed from the channel in June 2004. It once aired on ABC Family. The show was also seen again on Disney XD in 2009. The "" aired on Disney Channel in 2001. 



The show "The Famous Jett Jackson" and its young cast were nominated for Young Artist Awards, presented by the nonprofit Young Artist Foundation, in several categories in the course of the show's run:


The Jersey

The Jersey is a television show. It was produced by the Disney Channel. The show based on the "Monday Night Football Club" books by Gordon Korman.

Production on the show ended in April 2001. However, new episodes were shown until 2004. The last few episodes aired early Saturday mornings. After 64 episodes were shown, "The Jersey" was removed in June 2004. The show was on the Disney Channel from January 30, 1999 – March 23, 2004.

"The Jersey" is about four teenagers who discover the magic of "the jersey". The Jersey is a mysterious football jersey. It can transport them into the bodies of professional athletes. In each episode, a different athlete is shown. The show has several sports superstars as guest actors including, Dan Lyle, Michael Andretti, Terrell Davis, David Robinson, Malik Rose, Tony Gonzalez, Shannon Sharpe, Donovan McNabb, Byron Dafoe, Michael Strahan, Kurt Warner, Stephon Marbury, Sergei Fedorov, Kordell Stewart, Jerome Bettis, Junior Seau, Scott Steiner, Eddie George, Sabrina Bryan, Randy Johnson, Tony Hawk, Laila Ali, Peyton Manning, and Danny Farmer.



Totally Circus

Totally Circus is a 30-minute children's reality show. It was on the Disney Channel from June 16, 2000. The show ended on September 24, 2000. It is similar to "Bug Juice", another Disney Channel show.

Season 1


In a Heartbeat

In a Heartbeat was a Disney Channel TV show. The show was inspired by real life emergency medical technician (EMT) squads. Their staff members were high school students from all over the United States. The show followed the lives of several teenagers. They volunteered as part-time EMTs while going to school. They also try to maintain their lives as normal teenagers. In Canada, the show was on the Family Channel. The show is based on Post 53. Post 53 is a real EMT emergency response program run by high school students in Darien, Connecticut.



Totally Hoops

Totally Hoops is a Disney Channel reality show. The show is about the experiences of eleven teenage girls. They were on the Dayton, Ohio Lady Hoopstars. They were a 14-and-under AAU basketball team, throughout the year 2000.



The Proud Family

The Proud Family is an Canadian/French animated television series. It was on the Disney Channel from September 15, 2001 to November 26, 2005 And Co-produced By Disney Channel Original Productions (Uncredited) Nelvana Limited Medialab Studio LA (Season 1-2) and Jambalaya Studios In Association With Treehouse TV and The Walt Disney Company

"The Proud Family" was created by Bruce W. Smith. It was produced by Canadian Studio Nelvana Limited. It was originally scripted for the Nickelodeon channel. However, Disney Channel took it and began airing in September 2001. Some of the episodes in later seasons were produced using Adobe Flash.

The show became the first Disney animated show which did not premiere on a network/over-the-air television. This had been done since 1985 when the Television Animation unit was started.





TVOKids Knowledge Kids Télé-Québec SCN Playhouse Disney Access, Family Channel Family Jr. and Treehouse (Canada) France 3 Canal J and TiJi (France) Disney Channel Disney XD and Toon Disney (United States) ABC (Australia) TVNZ (New Zealand) ATV (Turkey) Zee TV (India) EBS 1 (South Korea) Hr1 and Kika (Germany) 

In 2005, "The Proud Family Movie" was released as a DCOM on Disney Channel. The movie was released as the series finale. By Canadian Studio Nelvana Arsenio Hall voiced Bobby in the movie.

for episode "Culture Shock" (Nominated)
for episode "Forbidden Date" (Nominated)


Ana Johnsson

Anna Lovisa Johnsson better known by her stage name Ana Johnsson () (born October 4, 1977 in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a Swedish singer and songwriter.

Johnsson currently lives in Stockholm, Sweden, and is engaged. Johnsson gave birth to her first child, a boy, on June 1, 2011. Johnsson names Foo Fighters, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Creed, Erykah Badu and Jane's Addiction as her favorite bands.




Sabine Moussier

Diana Sabine Moussier (; born August 23, 1966) is a German-Mexican actress who is best known for her villainous roles in Televisa's telenovelas.

 Television 
 Premios TVyNovelas 

Claude Le Jeune

Claude Le Jeune (1528 or 1530–1600) was a composer of the Renaissance. His most famous music was "Revecy venir du printemps". He was a Franco Flemish, possibly French composer. He was born in Valenciennes, and died in Paris.

Steny Hoyer

Steny Hamilton Hoyer (born June 14, 1939) is an American politician. Hoyer is the U.S. Representative for Maryland's 5th congressional district, serving since 1981. The district includes a large area of rural and suburban territory southeast of Washington, D.C.. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Hoyer was the House Majority Leader from 2019 to 2023.

He was first elected in a special election on May 19, 1981 and served as the House Majority Leader from 2007 to 2011. He had previously served as House Minority Whip from 2003 to 2007, and was reelected to that post in 2011. These positions make him the second-ranking figure in the House Democratic Leadership hierarchy.

Hoyer was born on June 14, 1939 in New York City, New York. He is of Danish descent. Hoyer studied at University of Maryland, College Park and at Georgetown University. He was married to Judith Hoyer until her death in 1997. They had three children.

In July 2018, Hoyer was hospitalized at George Washington University Hospital for pneumonia. In February 2022, he tested positive for COVID-19.

He announced on November 17, 2022 that he, along with Pelosi, would not seek a leadership position in the 118th Congress, although he would remain a member of the House of Representatives.


Sandy Lam

Sandy Lam, (), is a Hong Kong singer, actress and record producer. She sings in Cantonese, Mandarin, English, and Japanese. 



Sandy joined Hunan Television's show "Singer 2017" in January 2017 and she won 1st place in the final (episode 13).

! colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | Top Chinese Music Chart Awards

Chris Christie

Christopher James "Chris" Christie (born September 6, 1962) is an American politician. In 2010, he became the 55th Governor of New Jersey. He was the first Republican to win a statewide election in New Jersey in 12 years. He left the office on January 16, 2018.

Some people thought Christie was a leading candidate for the Republican Presidential nomination in 2016. He announced his presidential campaign on June 30, 2015. After poor polling numbers and not winning the Iowa and New Hampshire primaries, Christie suspended his campaign on February 10, 2016. On July 12, 2016, it was reported that Christie was on Trump's three-person shortlist to be his running mate in the general election. On July 14, 2016, the Trump campaign announced that Governor of Indiana Mike Pence would be Trump's running mate. In March 2017, it was announced Christie was to chair the Trump administration's Opioid and Drug Abuse Commission.

In June 2023, Christie announced his second presidential campaign for the 2024 election. He ended his campaign in January 2024.

Christie was born on September 6, 1962 in Newark, New Jersey. He is of Irish-Scottish-Sicilian descent. He was raised in Livingston, New Jersey. Christie studied at the University of Delaware and at Seton Hall University.

Christie joined a Cranford, New Jersey, law firm in 1987, rose to become a partner in 1993, and continued practicing until 2002.

He was elected county legislator in Morris County, serving from 1995 to 1998, during which time he generally pushed for lower taxes and lower spending. By 2002, Christie had campaigned for Presidents George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush. Bush appointed him as United States Attorney for New Jersey, a position he held from 2002 to 2008. In that position, he fought political corruption and also obtained convictions for sexual slavery, arms trafficking, racketeering by gangs, and other federal crimes.

In January 2009, Christie declared his candidacy for Governor of New Jersey. He won the Republican primary, and defeated incumbent Governor Jon Corzine in the election that November. In 2013, he won re-election as Governor, defeating Democrat Barbara Buono by a margin of over 22%. He was sworn in to a second term as governor on January 21, 2014. 

As governor, Christie has promised not to raise taxes. He has also vowed to lower the state income and business taxes. On September 18, 2013, Christie signed legislation to overhaul the state's business tax incentive programs.

Christie is a strong supporter of the state granting tax credits to parents who send their children to private and parochial schools.
He also supports the introduction of state-funded vouchers, which parents of students in failing school districts could use to pay the tuition of private schools.

Christie has stated that he believes that the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection is too big and is "killing business" with permit delays. In January 2013 Christie vetoed a New Jersey Legislature bill that would have raised the minimum wage from $7.25 to $8.50 per hour. Christie supports gay marriage, but said that he would not pass a bill allowing gay marriage in New Jersey. He also supports the DREAM Act and illegal immigrants.

On November 21, 2013, Christie was elected Chairman of the Republican Governors Association, succeeding Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal.

On June 27, 2015, Christie launched his presidential campaign website. He announced his candidacy for the 2016 presidential election on June 30, 2015. After poor polling numbers and not winning the Iowa and New Hampshire primaries, Christie suspended his campaign on February 10, 2016. He later endorsed Donald Trump.

Despite having criticized Donald Trump prior to leaving the race, he endorsed Trump on February 26, 2016. On May 9, 2016, Trump named Christie to head up a transition team in the event of a Trump presidency. He soon emerged as a major power with the Trump campaign. It was then announced on July 12, 2016 that Trump had narrowed down his vice presidential shortlist to three candidates, including Christie. Mike Pence eventually became Trump's running mate.

After Trump lost the 2020 presidential election, Christie refused to support Trump's claims of a stolen election. On election night, Christie spoke with one of Trump's sons and later texted Eric Trump asking for proof of election fraud. During the January 6 Capitol attack, Christie called Trump to tell him to end the violence. Trump did not pick up. Following the attack, Christie blamed Trump for January 6 and voiced support for Trump's impeachment.

In June 2023, Christie announced his second presidential campaign at a town hall event in New Hampshire. Despite polling in third and second place for the New Hampshire primary, Christie dropped out on January 10, 2024 as several Republican critics of Trump urged him to do so.

He has been married to Mary Pat Foster since 1986. They have four children.

On October 3, 2020, Christie tested positive for COVID-19 and was admitted to a hospital in New Jersey that same day, citing asthma as an underlying health concern.


John Thune

John Randolph Thune (born January 7, 1961) is an American politician. Thune is the senior United States Senator from South Dakota and a member of the Republican Party. He used to be a United States Representative for South Dakota's at-large congressional district.

Thune was born on January 7, 1961 in Murdo, South Dakota. He is of Norwegian descent. Thune studied at Biola University and at the University of South Dakota. He has been married to Kimberley Weems since 1984. They have two children.

Thune was selected by the Senate Republican Conference to become the Majority Whip for the 116th Congress, replacing Senator John Cornyn of Texas, who was term limited in the position. In 2021, he became Senate Minority Whip.


Nicholas Tse

Nicholas Tse (also known as Tse Ting-fung, , born 29 August 1980) is a Hong Kong singer, songwriter, musician, actor and entrepreneur. Tse is a member of the Emperor Entertainment Group.

Tse was born at St Teresa’s Hospital in Ma Tau Wai, Kowloon, He is eldest son of Actor Patrick Tse and second wife Deborah Lee, He have one sister Jennifer Tse.

Tse get married to Cecillia Cheung, They have two son Lucas and Quintius.

Diana's Peak

Diana's Peak is the highest point on the island of Saint Helena. It is high. It is of volcanic origin.

It was made a national park in March 1996, the first on the island. It is covered by many tree ferns.

The peak is at the point where three districts meet: Sandy Bay (southwest), Levelwood (east) and Longwood (north). The nearest settlements are Bamboo Hedge (the main settlement of Sandy Bay District), Hutt's Gate (in Longwood District) and Levelwood Village. Diana's Peak is part of the Peaks Ridge, a narrow and short mountain range in the centre of the island. Other peaks there are Mt. Actaeon and Cuckold's Point.


Martin Balsam

Martin Henry Balsam (November 4, 1919 – February 13, 1996) was an American actor. He is known for his Oscar-winning role as Arnold Burns in "A Thousand Clowns" and his role as Detective Milton Arbogast in "Psycho". He also starred in "All the President's Men".

Balsam was born on November 4, 1919 in The Bronx, New York City to Jewish parents. He studied at DeWitt Clinton High School and at The New School. 

Balsam was married to Pearl Somner from 1952 until they divorced in 1954. Then he was married to Joyce Van Patten from 1957 until they divorced in 1962. Then he was married to Irene Miller from 1963 until they divorced in 1987. His elder daughter Talia Balsam, is by Van Patten. His son and younger daughter are by Miller. 

Balsam died on February 13, 1996 from a heart attack in Rome, Italy, aged 73. He was later buried at Cedar Park Cemetery in Emerson, New Jersey.


Bárbara Rebolledo

Bárbara Rebolledo Aguirre (born 22 January 1973 in Talca) is a Chilean journalist and television presenter. 

Two-Minute Warning

Two-Minute Warning is a disaster movie from 1976. It stars Charlton Heston, Jack Klugman, and Martin Balsam. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Film Editing.

All the President's Men (movie)

All the President's Men is an Academy Award-winning political thriller movie directed by Alan J. Pakula. It was screen-written by William Goldman. released in 1976. It was based on the 1974 non-fiction book of the same name by Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, the two journalists investigating the Watergate scandal for The Washington Post.

It stars Robert Redford, Dustin Hoffman, Jason Robards, Martin Balsam, Jack Warden, Ned Beatty, F. Murray Abraham, and Hal Holbrook as "Deep Throat". It won four Academy Awards and was nominated for Best Picture. It is part of the United States National Film Registry.

Adolfo Ibáñez Boggiano

Adolfo Ibáñez Boggiano (born 1980 - died 1949) was a Chilean businessman. He was the founder of the companies "Compañía Comercial e Industrial Tres Montes S.A." (now Tresmontes Lucchetti) and "Sociedad Comercial de Almacenes Ltda." (now Walmart Chile).

Carl Bernstein

Carl Bernstein (born February 14, 1944 in Washington, D.C.) is an American investigative journalist and author. While working with Bob Woodward at The Washington Post, the two did the majority of the most important news reporting on the Watergate scandal. He was married to filmmaker Nora Ephron from 1976 until they divorced in 1980.


Anne Veski

Anne Veski (born Anne Vaarmann; 27 February 1956) is an Estonian pop singer. She has sung in Estonian, Russian, and Polish.

Veski is married to her second husband, Benno Beltšikov, who also is her manager. Veski was previously married to Jaak Veski (1956–1994) from 1977 tae 1981. She has a daughter, Kerli. Kerli is a diplomat an has worked at the Estonian Consulate in Moscow. Veski also has two grandchildren via Kerli.



Luciana Echeverría

Luciana Andrea Echeverría Christie (born 12 July 1991 in Cauquenes) is a Chilean actress, singer and television presenter.


Francisco José Urrutia Holguín

Francisco José Urrutia Holguín (28 May 1910 – 19 October 1981) was a Colombian-Ecuadorian lawyer and diplomat. He served as 7th Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations, 11th Colombia Ambassador to United States, as well as Ambassador to Venezuela and Argentina.

Holguín was born on 28 May 1910 in Quito, Ecuador. He studied at National University of Columbia. Holguín was married Genoveva Montoya Williamson on 18 July 1934 in Bogotá. Together had five children: Francisco, María Lourdes, Jorge, Miguel, and Jaime. Holguín died on 19 October 1981 in Bogotá, Colombia, aged 71.

United Empire Loyalists

United Empire Loyalists were people living in the 13 colonies in what was British North America in the 1770s who did not agree with the American Revolution.

Many residents of the colonies (possibly a majority) either were not in complete agreement with the Revolution and its leaders, or were against it. Some of them actively worked against it, supporting King George III and the British Government. These people became known as "Tories". In many of the colonies, those who openly expressed being against the Revolution and those who joined militias loyal to King George were declared to be outlaws, and their properties taken away by the people favouring the Revolution. 

Some of these people wanted to remain in a place that was still part of the British Empire, so they moved to what is now Canada. In many places there they received a warm welcome and became a valued part of their new home area. Many of them have maintained social groups which are limited to people whose ancestors were some of these people, and they are still called "United Empire Loyalists"

British North America

British North America was the British-owned part of the continent of North America. This term was mostly used before the American Revolution. 

In 1759, after winning the Battle of the Plains of Abraham, Britain took control of the colony of New France. After this, British North America also included New France. 

The term "British North America" was used after the 1783 Treaty of Paris. This ended the American Revolutionary War, and said Great Britain's Thirteen Colonies were independent.

That formed the United States of America. The terms British America and British North America continued to be used for Britain's remaining territories in North America. The term "British North America" came to be used more consistently for the provinces that would eventually form the Dominion of Canada. 

After the American Revolution, some people still used the term to refer to what is now the country of Canada. In fact, the Canadian Constitution was first called the "British North America Act 1867".

Also note that the areas beyond the first American states were not at first part of the United States. For example, areas near the Mississippi were not part of the original United States. They kept their old allegiances to England or France. And, of course, what are now the western states were largely Spanish-speaking until the later United States took them by force. Lastly, the division of North America into a lower part called the United States, and a northern part, called Canada, lay in the future.


Millard Mitchell

Millard Mitchell (August 14, 1903 – October 13, 1953) was an American actor. He is known for his roles in "My Six Convicts" and in "A Foreign Affair". He won a Golden Globe Award in 1952.

Mitchell was born on August 14, 1903 in Havana, Cuba to American parents. He was married to Peggy Gould until his death in 1953. Mitchell died on October 13, 1953 in Santa Monica, California from lung cancer, aged 50. 


Jean Arthur

Jean Arthur (October 17, 1900 – June 19, 1991) was an American actress. She was known for her roles in "Mr. Deeds Goes to Town" (1936), "You Can't Take It With You" (1938), and "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" (1939). She was nominated for an Academy Award in 1944 for her role in "The More the Merrier".

Arthur was born on October 17, 1900 in Plattsburgh, New York. She is of Norwegian-English descent. Arthur was raised in Westbrook, Maine. 

She was married to Julian Anker from 1928 until they annulled their marriage in 1928. Then she was married to Frank Ross, Jr. from 1932 until they divorced in 1949. Arthur died on June 19, 1991 in Carmel, California from heart failure, aged 90.


Howell Heflin

Howell Thomas Heflin (June 19, 1921 – March 29, 2005) was an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the United States Senate from Tuscumbia, Alabama.

Heflin was born on June 19, 1921 in Poulan, Georgia. He was raised in Tuscumbia, Alabama. Heflin studied at Birmingham-Southern College and at University of Alabama School of Law.

Heflin was married to Elizabeth Ann Heflin until his death in 2005. They had one son. Heflin died on March 29, 2005 in Sheffield, Alabama from a heart attack, aged 83.


Ronald Colman

Ronald Charles Colman (9 February 1891 – 19 May 1958) was an English actor. He won an Academy Award for his role in "A Double Life".

Colman was born on 9 February 1891 in Richmond, Surrey, England. He studied at Cambridge University. 

Colman was married to Thelma Raye from 1920 until they divorced in 1934. Then he was married to Benita Hume from 1938 until his death in 1958. They had one daughter. Colman died on 19 May 1958 in Santa Barbara, California from emphysema, aged 67.


Education in Cuba

Education in Cuba has been a high priority for the government for many years. The University of Havana was founded in 1727. There are also some well-established colleges and universities. For the 1959 revolution, the Castro government nationalized all educational institutions. They created a system operated completely by the government. Their strong ideological content is present. Also the constitution states that educational and cultural policy is based on Marxist ideology.

According to UNESCO, Cuba spends about 10 percent of its budget on education. This is compared with 4 percent in the United Kingdom and 2 percent in the United States.


Tripoli (disambiguation)

Tripoli is a city in Libya.

Tripoli might also mean:

Morganatic marriage

A morganatic marriage is a marriage between a royal person and a person of lower rank. The royal person's title titles and privileges do not go to the spouse or to any children, who do not become heirs. However, the marriage is considered legitimate, and the children are not bastards.

A morganatic marriages is now rare and is sometimes called a left-handed marriage because in the wedding ceremony, the groom usually held his bride's right hand with his left hand.

Most famously, Archduke Franz Ferdinand had to get a morganatic marriage so that he could marry Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg, because she was a noble of a lower rank.

Cheranmadevi

Cheranmahadevi is part of the Tiruchendur Lok Sabha constituency.

K. Kamaraj

Kumarasami Kamaraj (), better known as K. Kamaraj (15 July 1903 – 2 October 1975), was an Indian politician from Tamil Nadu. He was an important figure in Indian politics during the 1960s. He was the chief minister of Tamil Nadu.

Nanguneri

Nanguneri is a panchayat town in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Nanguneri is in Tirunelveli district, about from the headquarters of the district. The place became important for its famous Vaishnavite temple, which is commonly known as Totadri Mutt.

Nanguneri has an average elevation of 141 metres (462 feet). As of the census of India, Nanguneri had a population of 6,764. About 49% of the population were men, and 51% were women. Nanguneri has an average literacy rate of 76%, higher than the national average of 59.5%. About 10% of the population is under 6 years of age.

Tirunelveli district

Tirunelveli district is a district of Tamil Nadu state in southern India. The city of Tirunelveli is the district headquarters. Tirunelveli District was formed on 1 September 1790 by the East India Company (on behalf of the British government), and comprised the present Tirunelveli and Thoothukudi and thenkasi districts and parts of Virudhunagar district and Ramanathapuram districts. It is the second-largest district (as of October 2008), after Villupuram district. As of 2011, the district had a population of 3,077,233.

Panchayat town

A Panchayat Town or Town Panchayat is a type of town in India. It refers to any small town which is formed under the Panchayati raj administrative system. It will have under 25,000 people living there. In census data, the abbreviation T.P. is used to indicate a "Town Panchayat". Tamil Nadu was the first state to introduce the panchayat town as an intermediate step between rural villages and Urban Local Bodies (ULB).

Each state of India has an organisation that manages panchayat towns.

Translocation (botany)

Translocation in vascular plants means the movement of organic molecules and some mineral ions. Movement of water from the soil to the leaves occurs in xylem vessels as the result of Transpiration. Transpiration, the evaporation of water from leaves, causes a pull on the water column due to the forces of cohesion between water molecules formed due to hydrogen bonds which causes the water to move upwards. Organic materials, mainly produced in the leaves, are moved around the plant in the living cells of the phloem by a process called translocation.

Unlike xylem (which is composed of dead cells), the phloem is composed of still-living cells that transport sap. Sap is a water-based solution, rich in sugars made by the photosynthesis. These sugars are transported to non-photosynthetic parts of the plant, such as the roots, or into storage structures, such as tubers or bulbs.

The 'pressure flow' hypothesis was proposed by Ernst Münch in 1930 to explain the mechanism of phloem translocation. Leaves photosynthesize, making sugars. Water moves into the sugar-laden sieve-tube cells with sugar by osmosis. This creating pressure that pushes the sap down the sieve tube. When the sugar reaches cells that need it, the cells actively transport sugars out of the sieve-tube elements.

During the plant's growth period, usually during the spring, storage organs such as the roots are sugar sources, and the plant's many growing areas are sugar sinks. The movement in phloem is multi-directional, whereas, in xylem cells, it is one-directional (upwards). Other molecules like amino acids, hormones, and even messenger RNAs are also transported in the phloem through sieve tube elements.

List of classical music composers by period

This is a list of classical music composers by era. 

Clara Oswald

Clara Oswald is a fictional character on the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". She is portrayed by Jenna Coleman. She first appeared in the show's seventh series. Clara is a companion of the eleventh version of alien time traveller the Doctor (portrayed by Matt Smith).

During 2012 and 2013, the character is introduced as three different people with the same name. Each was played by the same actress. The first two incarnations die during the episode they appear in. The third becomes the Doctor's companion. While each one is different, the characters are meant to be seen as the same person. This sets up a mystery to be solved. Coleman took over as the show's female lead in the mid-series Christmas special. At that time, she was portraying Victorian governess and barmaid Clara Oswin Oswald. At the end of that episode, Coleman is seen playing a third version of the character. This character was from modern day London and was named Clara Oswald. Starting in the following episode, Clara Oswald travels as the Doctor's full-time companion. During her third introduction, she gives herself the nickname Oswin. It is a mixture of Oswald and win.

Coleman has said that she will be in the eighth series. It is to begin filming in September 2013.

Oswin Oswald is first seen in the first episode of the seventh series, "Asylum of the Daleks". She is the only survivor of the Starship "Alaska". The "Alaska" crashed on the Asylum, a prison planet for insane Daleks. She has lived on the planet for about a year when the Doctor (Matt Smith) and his companions Amy (Karen Gillan) and Rory (Arthur Darvill) go to the Dalek Asylum to turn off the planet's force field. They are trying to do this so that an army of sane Daleks can destroy the asylum. Clara communicates with them and helps them escape from the Daleks. She also removes all of the Daleks' memories of the Doctor. She helps the group escape and the Doctor tries to rescue her. He soon learns that she has already been captured and is now a Dalek cyborg. The Daleks had tried to keep Oswin's intellect. Because her mind could not deal with being turned into a cyborg, it created a fantasy where she survived as a human. When she learned the truth, Oswin was almost taken over by her Dalek personality, but in the end she still would not kill the Doctor. She deactivated the force field. Clara makes a final request that the Doctor remember her. She then lets the Doctor, Amy, and Rory leave the planet before it is destroyed.

Clara is introduced a second time in the 2012 Christmas special "The Snowmen". This was her first episode as the Doctor's companion. She was a young barmaid and governess in 1892. She follows the Doctor after he saves her from an attack by living snowmen. The Doctor asks her to travel with him after she enters the TARDIS, his time and space machine. Soon after this, Clara falls to her death after being attacked. Her tombstone shows her full name to be "Clara Oswin Oswald". The Doctor sees that she is the same woman as Oswin from the Asylum. She even says the same things Oswin had said. Intrigued by a woman who has lived and died two times in different periods of history, he begins look across time for another Clara. The episode ends with a young woman, who could be a modern-day Clara, walking through the graveyard and stopping by Clara Oswin Oswald's tomb. In a short prequel to the post-Christmas episode, the Doctor meets the modern Clara Oswald as a child, but he does not know it is her. In "The Bells of Saint John", the modern Clara meets the Doctor after being given his phone number by a woman in a shop. After an adventure in London, the Doctor asks Clara to become his companion. In "The Rings of Akhaten", the Doctor tries to learn more about who (or what) Clara really is. After watching her parents and her childhood, he finds nothing that is not normal. The episode shows that her mother died when she was a teenager. In "Hide", the Doctor goes to a haunted mansion to ask the psychic Emma Grayling about Clara. She says Clara is just an ordinary girl. "Hide" and "Journey to the Centre of the TARDIS" also show that the TARDIS does not like Clara. In a version of time which was stopped from happening, the Doctor talks with Clara about the two previous versions of her he had met. She did not know what he is talking about.


Boulogne

Boulogne might mean any of these different places in France;


Zuffa

Zuffa, LLC () is an American sports promotion company of mixed martial arts. It was founded in January 2001 in Las Vegas, Nevada by Station Casinos executives Frank Fertitta III and Lorenzo Fertitta to be the parent entity of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) after they purchased it from the Semaphore Entertainment Group. Lorenzo Fertitta is the company's CEO and Chairman while Dana White runs the day-to-day operations.
Zuffa is co-owned by Fertitta brothers (40.5% each), Dana White (9%) and Sheik Tahnoon of Abu Dhabi (Flash Entertainment) (10%).

Zuffa is credited around the world for turning around the UFC and increasing the status of mixed martial arts in the United States from one with a limited audience and regional competitions to a multi-million dollar company with millions of viewers and internationally popular events.

The word "Zuffa" is an Italian word, meaning "scuffle"

Zither

A zither is a stringed musical instrument. The word 'Zither' is a German rendering of the Greek word "cithara", from which the modern word "guitar" also derives. Historically, it has been applied to any instrument of the cittern family, or an instrument consisting of many strings stretched across a thin, flat body – similar to a psaltery. This article describes the second variety.

Zithers are played by strumming or plucking the strings, either with the fingers (sometimes using an accessory called a plectrum or "pick"), sounding the strings with a bow, or, with varieties of the instrument like the santur or cimbalom, by beating the strings with specially shaped hammers. Like a guitaror lute, a zither's body serves as a resonating chamber (sound box), but, unlike guitars and lutes, a zither lacks a distinctly separate neck assembly. The number of strings varies, from one to more than fifty.

In modern common usage the term "zither" refers to three specific instruments: the concert zither (German: "Konzertzither"), its variant the Alpine zither (both using a fretted fingerboard), and the chord zither (more recently described as a fretless zither or "guitar zither"). Concert and Alpine zithers are traditionally found in Slovenia, Austria, Hungary, France, north-western Croatia, the southern regions of Germany and alpine Europe. Emigration from these areas during the 19th century introduced the concert and Alpine zither to North and South America. Chord zithers similar to the instrument in the photograph also became popular in North America during the late 19th and early 20th century. These variants all use metal strings, similar to the cittern.

Composite Compound 4

Additive

In chemistry, an additive is a substance that is added to a mixture or compound to change the properties of that mixture or compound. Food additives are used to improve food.
Additive properties depend on the total contribution of the atoms in the molecule or on the sum of the properties of the components in a solution (molecular weight, mass of a solution).

Semtex

Semtex is a plastic explosive, often used for construction work. It is made of Pentaerythritol tetranitrate and RDX. 

John S. McCain Jr.

John Sidney "Jack" McCain Jr. (January 17, 1911 – March 22, 1981) was a United States Navy admiral. He served in conflicts from the 1940s through the 1970s, including as the Commander, United States Pacific Command. He is the father of John McCain.

McCain, Jr. was born on January 17, 1911 in Council Bluffs, Iowa. His father was John S. McCain, Sr.. He was raised in Washington, D.C.. McCain studied at Central High School. McCain was married to Roberta McCain from 1933 until his death in 1981. They had three children. McCain died on March 22, 1981 while on a plane in the middle of the North Atlantic after having a heart attack, aged 70.

Roberta McCain

Roberta Wright McCain (February 7, 1912 – October 12, 2020) was the widow of Admiral John S. McCain, Jr. and mother of the late Republican Arizona Senator and two-time Presidential candidate John S. McCain III.

McCain was born on February 7, 1912 in Muskogee, Oklahoma. She had a twin sister. McCain was married to John S. McCain, Jr. from 1933 until his death in 1981. They had three children. On October 22, 2009, she was hospitalized in Portugal after she fell and injured her head.

McCain died on October 12, 2020 in Washington, D.C., at the age of 108.


The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas (movie)

The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a 2008 British-American historical drama movie. It is based on the book of the same name by John Boyne. The movie is directed by Mark Herman and produced by David Heyman. It stars Asa Butterfield, Jack Scanlon, David Thewlis, Vera Farmiga, Amber Beattie, Richard Johnson and Rupert Friend.

The movie is about a boy whose father is a soldier during the World War II. They decided to move to a new house so that the father can work near the extermination camps. The son likes to explore and he comes to meet a Jewish boy who lives in the extermination camp. One day, he decides to go into the camp and accidentally enters a gas chamber and dies along with all prisoners.


Iverna Codina

Iverna Codina (born June 15, 1912 in Quillota – died August 14, 2010 in Buenos Aires) was a Chilean-born Argentine writer.



Sterilization (microbiology)

Sterilization is the removal of all microbes, commonly practiced in medicine. For example, dipping an object in boiling water or pasteurizing something are forms of sterilization.

Para-alpine skiing classification

Para-alpine skiing classification is the order system for para-Alpine skiing designed to give equal competition between alpine skiers with different types of limited physical powers. The system of ordering are grouped into three general condition of being unable sorts: stand, unable to see and being seated. Group selection is done by International Paralympic Committee AlpineSkiing. Prior to that, several groups dealt with this including the International Sports Organization for the Disabled (ISOD), International Stoke Mandeville Games Federation (ISMWSF), International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) and Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA). Some order systems are persons given government by bodies other than International Paralympic Committee Alpine skiing, such as the Special Olympics. The sport is open to all competitors with a no seeing or physical condition of being unable stand. It is not open to people with intellectual disabilities.
The first order systems for para-Alpine sking were made in Scandinavia in the 1960s, with early systems designed for skiers with no legs or arms. At the time, necessary things had yet to be done to let skiers with spinal cord wounds ski. The purpose of the early order systems was to be made around use of arms and legs but ended up being a medical order system. At the first Winter Paralympics in 1976, there were two groups in the system of ordering for the sport. By the 1980s, groups had existence for skiers with cerebral palsy. At that time, with inspiration from wheelchair basketball classification, efforts were made to make order more of an able to use better system. Ten groups had existence by the 1980s, and since then, efforts have been made to make better the doing work well of order by making fewer the number of classes so fewer medals can be rewarded.

Competition rules for groups use rules made by or are an adjustment from rules by the International Ski Federation. For skiers with seeing problems, guides are used to help the skier down the mountain. For standing skiers, different part rules come to a decision about what sort of necessary things is let in competition, such as one long stick, two sticks or no sticks, or one or two skis. Seated skiers use a specially designed ski for going over snow quickly called a mono-ski. Skiers are put in a group based on medical, and their body position when they ski. Unable to see skiers are put in order only on a medical.

La tempestad

La tempestad ("The Tempest"), originally titled La tormenta, is a Mexican telenovela. It is produced by Salvador Mejía Alejandre for Televisa. It is a remake of the Colombian telenovela "La Tormenta". William Levy and Ximena Navarrete star as the protagonists, while Iván Sánchez, Mariana Seoane, Laura Carmine, Daniela Romo and Cesar Evora star as the antagonists. The story is about the romance between Marina (played by Navarrete) and Damian (played by Levy).

As of 13 May 2013, Canal de las Estrellas is broadcasting "La tempestad", replacing Amores verdaderos.

La Tempestad will break with the love story of Marina (Ximena Navarrete) and Damian (William Levy).
Marina Reverte works as a manager at a hotel, who is fired when complaint to prominent businessman Ernesto Contreras (Manuel Ojeda), for attempted sexual abuse an employee. He swears revenge on her. Marina is also taking care of her sick mother Beatriz Reverte (Maria Sorté), and they relocate in order to receive medical advice. Meanwhile, in the town of Nuestra Señora del Mar, Damian Fabre, a handsome young man who is captain and owner of a fishing boat called "La Tempestad"; works sorting merchandise for a marine cannery, called "El Neptuno". Esthercita (Laura Carmine), daughter of the mayor of this town, is obsessed with Damian, who does not respond to his flirtations, but Damian finally gives in, and she seduces him to succeed.

Mercedes Artigas (Daniela Romo), an elegant and mysterious woman, offers Marina economic and financial management of the company Neptune, opportunity has now accepted that job and that her mother needs to live in a quiet place. Thus, Marina reaches the town of Our Lady of the Sea, where she meets Damian.
Mercedes actually is the biological mother of Marina. In her youth she became pregnant and was at the mercy of Ernesto Contreras, who snatched her other twin daughter, Magdalena (Ximena Navarrete). Mercedes forged a fortune, with which also gained the respect of those around her and the power to face their enemies. Mercedes has dedicated her life to retrieve his daughters, for this has been that people involved with the underworld of white slavery, becoming "Queen of the Night", whose personality has allowed her to save many young victims.
In their first meeting in the company "El Neptuno" Marine shows to Damian a haughty attitude, treating him as an employee more, for its part, Damian ignored and is filed Marina showing his authority with his crew of witnesses.
Marina, furious to be humiliated, decides to break the contract with him. Olinto (Luis Manuel Ávila), administrator explains that the contract with Captain Fabré not be broken.

Marina is located in the village with Hernán Saldaña (Ivan Sanchez), a former classmate who is now a powerful businessman.
Hernán works with a mafia devoted to kidnapping and trafficking in persons, especially women who intended to prostitution. The village mayor, Fulgencio (César Évora), is his ally. Hernán ordered to destroy the factory and ship Damian, as that would rid obstacles.
Marina knows that Hernan is behind the attacks on the factory, causing considerable losses, so Marina and Damian are forced to make a truce in order to join forces, is when they recognize they have fallen in love.

Confirmed as of February 8, 2013.


Geologic time scale

Geologic time scale uses the principles and techniques of geology to work out the geological history of the Earth. It looks at the processes which change the Earth's surface and rocks under the surface.

Geologists use stratigraphy and paleontology to find out the sequence of the events, and show the plants and animals which lived at different times in the past. They worked out the sequence of rock layers. Then the discovery of radioactivity and the invention of radiometric dating techniques gave a way to get the ages of the layers (strata).

We now know the timing of important events that have happened during the history of Earth. The Earth is about 4.567 billion (4,567 million) years old. The geological or "deep time" of Earth's past has been organized into various units. Boundaries on the time scale are usually marked by major geological or palaeontological events, such as mass extinctions. For example, the boundary between the Cretaceous period and the Palaeogene period is defined by the Cretaceous–Tertiary extinction event. This marked the end of the dinosaurs and of many marine species.

Prospecting for energy sources and valuable minerals depends on understanding the geological history of an area. Such knowledge can also help lessen the hazards of earthquakes and volcanoes.

The largest defined unit of time is the supereon composed of Eons. Eons are divided into Eras, which are in turn divided into Periods, Epochs and Stages. At the same time paleontologists define a system of faunal stages, of varying lengths, based on the kinds of animal fossils found there. In many cases, such faunal stages have been adopted in building the geological nomenclature, though in general there are far more recognized faunal stages than defined geological time units.

Geologists tend to talk in terms of Upper/Late, Lower/Early and Middle parts of periods and other units, such as "Upper Jurassic", and "Middle Cambrian". "Upper", "Middle", and "Lower" are terms applied to the rocks themselves, as in "Upper Jurassic sandstone," while "Late", "Middle", and "Early" are applied to time, as in "Early Jurassic deposition" or "fossils of Early Jurassic age." The adjectives are capitalized when the subdivision is formally recognized, and lower case when not. Thus in 2018 when three divisions (subepochs) of the Holocene were formally recognized it became correct to write "Early Holocene" instead of "early Holocene".

Because geologic units occurring at the same time but from different parts of the world can often look different and contain different fossils, there are many examples where the same period was historically given different names in different locales. For example, in North America the Lower Cambrian is called the Waucoban series that is then subdivided into zones based on trilobites. The same timespan is split into Tommotian, Atdabanian and Botomian stages in East Asia and Siberia. A key aspect of the work of the International Commission on Stratigraphy is to reconcile this conflicting terminology and define universal horizons (time division) that can be used around the world.

The following table summarizes the major events and characteristics of the periods of time making up the geologic time scale. As above, this time scale is based on the International Commission on Stratigraphy. The height of each table entry does not correspond to the duration of each subdivision of time.



Jeremy Shada

Jeremy Shada (born January 21, 1997, in Boise, Idaho, US) is an American actor and singer. He is best known for his work as Finn the Human from the American animated television series "Adventure Time".

Jeremy Shada began acting at the age of seven soon after moving to Los Angeles with his family. He was inspired to act by his older brother Zack Shada, who had begun acting himself. Shada initially appeared in commercials. Later on, he began auditioning for voice acting and theatrical performances, taking the advice from a voice over agent. His first live action theatrical role was as Young Kurt Diamond in No Rules. He has since appeared in additional live action and voice acting roles, such as playing Charlie Pace in childhood flashbacks on "Lost". 

In 2009, Jeremy Shada's agent approached him with the idea of auditioning for the role of Finn. Both recognized that Zack Shada had been the original voice of Finn in the pilot episode of Adventure Time three years before. After viewing the pilot on YouTube, Shada matched his voice with the voice of Zack Shada in auditions with Adventure Time's creator Pendleton Ward and the show's producers, earning him the Finn role. In 2012, Shada joined the cast of Nick Cannon's comedy sketch "Incredible Crew". In June 2012, to promote "Incredible Crew"'s 2013 premiere, Cartoon Network released a music rap video titled "Running Errands with My Mom" which features Shada performing and rapping the lyric. The video has since generated over one million views. 

Because of his acting schedule, Shada was homeschooled. Answering fan questions on his Facebook page, Shada indicated that he graduated from high school early in May 2013.

Teresita Reyes

Teresita Reyes (born February 4, 1948) is a Chilean actress.


Isabella Acres

Isabella Acres (born February 21, 2001) is an American actress who played Rose on "Better Off Ted".

Acres was born in Atlanta, where she discovered her love for acting in children's theater. She then relocated to Los Angeles. Acres' little sister, Ava, is also an actress.

Acres is best known for her series regular role as Rose Crisp on "Better Off Ted", the seven-year-old daughter of Ted (Jay Harrington) who is often the most mature person at his home and workplace. The show's first season finished in August 2009, with a second picked up for January 2010.

Acres also appeared on an episode of "Monk" in 2007, and single episodes of "The Mentalist" where she plays Patrick Jane's (Simon Baker) daughter and on the hit television show "Hannah Montana". Acres was nominated for Best Performance in a TV Series, Guest Starring Young Actress at the Young Artist Awards 2009 for her performance in "The Mentalist".

She currently can be seen in the recurring role of Soleil Friedman in the second season of the Fox television series "Touch".

Chapman Pincher

Harry Chapman Pincher (29 March 1914 – 5 August 2014) was an Indian-born British journalist, historian, and novelist.

Pincher was born on 29 March 1914 in Ambala, Punjab. His father was from Britain and his mother was American. Pincher studied at Darlington Grammar School and King's College London.

Pincher wrote a series of books on supposed KGB spies in the West, mostly members of the British ruling class whom he believed were traitors in the service of the KGB. Among these were Roger Hollis, former head of MI5, and Harold Wilson, twice Prime Minister in the 1960s and 70s.

Many of these ideas had come from James Jesus Angleton, former CIA counterespionage chief. Angleton's career ended when his many allegations were not supported with appropriate evidence. Among his more outrageous claims was that Canadian Prime Ministers Lester Pearson and Pierre Trudeau were agents of the Soviet Union.

Another source was Peter Wright, a former assistant director of MI5. The British Government tried to prevent the publication of Wright's own "Spycatcher" (1987), which covered much the same ground as Pincher's "Their trade is treachery". Wright had published in Australia, and the Australian court case ran on for years with no success. In the event, nothing was proved against Hollis, who was the main target of "Their trade is treachery". Later British Prime Ministers stated that Hollis was a loyal servant of the Crown, and that a great injustice had been done to him by the Pincher and Wright books.

Pincher died on 5 August 2014 at the age of 100.

Margot Kahl

Margot Inge Kahl Pingel (born January 9, 1961 in Puerto Varas) is a Chilean engineer and television presenter.

John S. McCain Sr.

John Sidney "Slew" McCain Sr. (August 9, 1884 – September 6, 1945) was a United States Navy admiral. He held several command assignments during the Pacific campaign of World War II. His son was John S. McCain, Jr. and his grandson is John McCain.

McCain, Sr. was born on August 9, 1884 in Carroll County, Mississippi. He studied at the University of Mississippi and at the United States Military Academy at West Point. McCain, Sr. was married to Catherine Davey Vaulx from 1909 until his death in 1945. They had one child. McCain died on September 6, 1945 in Coronado, California from a heart attack, aged 61.


Our Lady of La Vang

Our Lady of La Vang was a reported Marian apparition (a supernatural appearance of the Virgin Mary) in Vietnam. The appearance was reported at a time when Catholics were being persucted and killed in Vietnam. In Vietnamese she is called ' or '. 

Modern scholars believe the name came from a plant in the area ("La" means "leaf" and "Vang" means "herbal seeds"). Others believe the name came from a Vietnamese word that meant "crying out" as if the Vietnamese Catholics at that time were "crying out" to God for help. Some believe the name came from the rainforest's name La Vang.

Fearing the spread of Catholicism, Emperor Canh Thinh banned the practice of Catholicism. Soon thereafter the emperor made an anti-Catholic edict which made the practice of Catholicism punishable by death. Many Catholics sought refuge in the rainforest of La Vang in Quang Tri Province. While hiding in the rainforest, the small community would gather every night at the foot of a tree and pray. One night, an apparition surprised them. In the branches of the tree, a lady dressed in the traditional Vietnamese dress (ao dai), holding an infant in her arms with two angels beside her, appeared. The people who witnessed this apparition said that the lady and the infant was the Virgin Mary and the infant Jesus. They said that the lady comforted them and told them to boil the leaves from the tree for medicine to cure the illness.

In 1802, many of the Catholics went back to their villages, spreading the story of the apparition. Soon, many people came back to the site to offer incense and to pray. In 1820, a chapel was built. From 1830- 1885 another wave of persecutions decimated the Catholic population. The chapel of Our Lady of La Vang was destroyed and in 1886 a new chapel was built.

There is no official recognition from the Vatican for this as a "Marian apparition". Although there is no official recognition, Pope John Paul II publicly recognized the importance of Our Lady of La Vang and expressed a desire to rebuild the La Vang Basilica to honor the 200th anniversary of the first apparition.

Naples (disambiguation)

Naples is a city in Campania, Italy.

Naples might also mean:

Nicolas Berejny

Nicolas Berejny (born 27 June 1968) is a skier from France. He has a disability. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the first skier to finish in the visually impaired men's downhill race. He was the third skier to finish in the men's visually impaired Super-G race. Because he cannot see, Gregory Nouhaud was his guide and told him where to when going down the mountain.

Chris Williamson

Chris Williamson (born 5 May 1972) is a skier from Canada. He has a disability. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the second skier to finish in the visually impaired men's downhill race. He was the second skier to finish in the men's visually impaired Super-G race. He was the third skier to finish in the men's visually impaired Super Combined race. He was the third skier to finish in the slalom race. Because he cannot see, Robin Femy was his guide and told him where to when going down the mountain. He also skied in the 2010 Winter Paralympics and was the fourth skier to finish the Giant Slalom, the sixth skier to finish the Slalom and the sixth to finish in the Super G, Visually Impaired. Nick Brush helped him down the mountain.like how Robin Femy did.

Ignacio Gutiérrez

Ignacio Gutiérrez (born 1976 in Constitución) is a Chilean journalist and television presenter.

Vincent Gauthier-Manuel

Vincent Gauthier-Manuel (born 6 April 1986) is a skier from France. He has a disability. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the second skier to finish in the standing men's downhill race. He was the second skier to finish in the men's standing Super-G race. He was the first skier to finish in the men's standing Super Combined race and the slalom race.

Our Lady of Good Health

Our Lady of Good Health is the name given to an apparition of the Virgin Mary believed to have appeared in the town of Vailankanni, Tamil Nadu, India. She is also known as Our Lady of Vailankanni and Holy Mother of Good Health. Her name in the Tamil language is (Arokia Matha).

The Feast day of Our Lady of Good Health is on the same day as the birthday of the Virgin Mary (September 8).

Although there is no written record of these three events, the oral tradition is that there were three apparitions. Two were during the 16th century and one in the 17th century.

The first apparition was in the town of Vailankanni, Tamil Nadu. It is said that a Hindu boy was resting under a banyan tree near a pond. While he was resting, a woman with an infant on her hand came to him and asked him for milk. The boy agreed and ran off to get the milk. When he came back, he apologized for his lateness and the reduced amount of milk due to an accident when he was coming back with the milk. However, on inspection the boy found the pot of milk to be full and was convinced a miracle happened. Together a man, also a Hindu, and the boy went back to the pond where the apparition had occurred. Again, the Lady appeared with her child. On learning that it was the Virgin Mary and the infant Jesus who appeared to the boy, the residents of the local Roman Catholic community became ecstatic and renamed the pond "" (Our Lady's Pond).

Later towards the end of the 16th century, it is believed the Virgin Mary appeared to a crippled boy (and also a son of a widow) in a place called Thittu, once again in the same town of Vailankanni. The boy is said to have offered buttermilk to the Virgin Mary and then he was cured of his illness. The boy was then commanded by Mary to tell a Catholic gentleman in the nearby town of Nagapattinam. The first shrine was built by this Catholic gentleman.

The third appearance of the Virgin Mary was in the 17th century. A Portuguese merchant vessel was sailing from Macau in China to Colombo in Sri Lanka. When the vessel was sailing, it was caught in a storm in the Bay of Bengal. The sailors vowed to build a chapel dedicated to the Virgin Mary if they could reach land safely. The legend claimed that the sea became quiet and they reached safety on the shore of Vailankanni on the Virgin Mary's birthday, September 8. Because of their vow to the Virgin Mary, the Portuguese sailors put up a chapel at Vailankanni by transforming the last small shrine built by the last Catholic gentleman.

Vanessa Aguilera

Vanessa Nathaly Aguilera Castro (born October 31, 1989 in Temuco) is a Chilean singer, songwriter and actress.


Thomas Pfyl

Thomas Pfyl (born January 1, 1987) is a skier from Switzerland. He has a disability. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the third skier to finish in the standing men's downhill race, Super-G race, and the Super Combined race.

Akira Kano

Akira Kano (狩野 亮 Kanō Akira?) (born March 14, 1986) is a skier from Japan. He has a disability and uses a wheelchair. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the first skier to finish in the sitting men's downhill race.

Taiki Morii

Taiki Morii (森井 大輝 Morii Taiki?) (born July 9, 1980) is a skier from Japan. He has a disability and uses a wheelchair. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. He was the first skier to finish in the Giant Slalom race, and was the second skier to finish in the sitting men's downhill race and the Super-G race.

Robin Femy

Robin Femy (born 19 October 1989) is a skier from Canada. He helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Chris Williamson. They were the third skiers to finish in the visually impaired men's downhill race. They were the second skiers to finish in the men's visually impaired Super-G race. They were the third skiers to finish in the men's visually impaired Super Combined race. They were the third skiers to finish in the slalom race.

Gregory Nouhaud

Gregory Nouhaud (born 26 August 1982) is a skier from France. He helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Nicolas Berejny. They were the first skiers to finish in the visually impaired men's downhill race. They were the third skiers to finish in the men's visually impaired Super-G race. 

Miguel Galindo Garcés

Miguel Galindo Garces (born 1981) is a skier from Spain. He helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Jon Santacana Maiztegui. They were the second skiers to finish in the visually impaired men's downhill race. They were the first skiers to finish in the men's visually impaired Super-G race, the Giant Slalom race and the Super Combined race. They were the second skiers to finish in the slalom race.

Quarantine

Quarantine is where animals, people or an area of land are isolated to prevent the spread of disease or pests. Countries often stop animals and plants from being brought in from elsewhere, unless they are known not to carry a disease.

The word "quarantine" comes from "quarantena", the Venetian language meaning "forty days". This is because of the 40-day isolation of ships and people practiced as a measure of disease prevention related to the plague.

It is different from medical isolation, which is for people who have been infected with the disease.

The quarantining of people often raises questions of civil rights. Quarantine can have bad psychological effects on the quarantined. These include post-traumatic stress disorder, confusion and anger.

Self quarantine (or self-isolation) is a term that became popular during the COVID-19 pandemic, which spread to most countries in 2020. Citizens were either encouraged or forced by law to stay home to lower the spread of the disease. Some countries went into lockdowns as a form of quarantine.

On 1 April 2020, more than 280 million people, or about 86% of the population, were under some form of lockdown in the United States, 59 million people were in lockdown in South Africa, and 1.3 billion people were in lockdown in India.



Jakub Krako

Jakub Krako (born July 7, 1990) is a skier from Slovakia. He has a disability: he cannot see things. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. He was the second skier to finish in the men's visually impaired Super Combined race and the Giant Slalom race. He was the first skier to finish in the slalom race. Because he cannot see, Dusan Simo was his guide and told him where to when going down the mountain.

Takeshi Suzuki

Takeshi Suzuki (鈴木 猛史 Suzuki Takeshi?) (born May 1, 1988) is a skier from Japan. He has a disability and uses a wheelchair. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the first skier to finish in the sitting men's Super Combined race and in the slalom race. He was the second skier to finish in the Giant Slalom.

Periyar E. V. Ramasamy

Erode Venkata Ramasamy (17 September 1879 – 24 December 1973), also called Periyar, Thanthai Periyar or E. V. R. by his followers, was an Indian philosopher, politician, independence and social activist. He started the Self-respect Movement or the dravidian Movement and proposed the creation of an independent state called Dravida Nadu, uniting the states of South India. He was also the founder of the socio-cultural organization, Dravidar Kazhagam. Periyar started his weekly magazine, "Kudi Arasu" to express his views against the Congress party and Mahatma Gandhi.

Periyar was born in Erode, Madras Presidency in a rich family. At a young age, he witnessed many incidents of racial, caste and gender discrimination. Periyar married when he was 19 and had a daughter who lived for only 5 months. His first wife, Nagammai, died in 1933. He always protested against young women getting married to much older people. Periyar, when he was 72, married for a second time, Maniammai who was 32 at the time in July 1948. His second wife, Maniammai, continued Periyar's social work after his death in 1973, but Dravidar Kazhagam was still spreading his thoughts and ideas.
Periyar fought for the Tamil language, Tamil people, and for their rights until his death. He was against Brahmin for their caste and religious following. Periyar organized anti-Hindi protests in 1938, against introducing Hindi as a compulsory language of study in schools. Now in the present days, Periyar's followers are increasing all over the world among the Tamil people, due to their interest in Tamil language and history behind them.

Yohann Taberlet

Yohann Taberlet (born March 29, 1981) is a skier from France. He has a disability and uses a wheelchair. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. He was the second skier to finish in the men's sitting slalom race and was the third skier to finish in the sitting men's Super Combined race.

Toby Kane

Toby Kane (born 30 December 1986) is a skier from Australia. He has a disability. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the third skier to finish in the standing men's slalom race.

Cyclone Viyaru

Cyclonic Storm Viyaru, formerly known as Cyclonic Storm Mahasen, was an active tropical cyclone. It passed over the Bay of Bengal. It threatened Myanmar and Bangladesh. Its origin was a low pressure area in the Bay of Bengal. The low pressure area was created in the first week of May. Viyaru slowly developed. It became a depression on May 10 by almost remaining still. Gradually it gained speed on May 11 and became a cyclonic storm. It was the first storm of the season. At first the system's ultimate direction was not clear, but moved closer to eastern India. On May 14, the circulation of Viyaru turned northeastward.

Myanmar recommended a large evacuation in order to be prepared for the storm; however, for this reason people wanted to escape by boat. As a result, they made boats overcrowded, and one or more boats capsized. This killed at least eight people. The storm had extensive cloud mass, which brought unsettled weather to Sri Lanka, Thailand, and southeastern India. Severe storms in India and Sri Lanka killed 15 people and caused major damage. One person was killed in Thailand. 

The name "Mahasen" caused some argument from nationalists and officials in Sri Lanka. They claimed that the name Mahasen comes from a Sinhala king. He brought prosperity to the island. So naming a destructive force of nature after him would be improper. Sri Lankan authorities instead have not given the storm a name.

Cyclone Viyaru struck Southern Bangladesh on 16 May 2013. The speed of the wind was about 100 kph.

An area of convection first appeared on May 4. It slowly moved eastwards and organized into a low pressure area on May 8. A pulse in the Madden–Julian oscillation, together with a convective Kelvin wave allowed the system to develop. These oscillations also caused Tropical Storm Jamala to form. The JTWC later issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) on May 10, after the system became more organized. The IMD upgraded it to a well-marked low pressure area. Later the same day, JTWC issued the first warning for the storm. JTWC designed it 01B, followed by the IMD upgrading the storm into a depression, and later into a deep depression.

As of 0830 IST (0300 UTC), 16 May 2013, Cyclonic Storm Mahasen was located near latitude 21°N and longitude 90°E, about south-southeast of Kolkata and southwest of Chittagong. The storm is forecast to maintain power. It is moving northeastwards. It is expected to cross the Bangladesh coast close to Chittagong by evening of 16 May. Sustained maximum surface wind speed is estimated at , gusting to . Estimated minimum central pressure is at 988 mbar. Dvorak intensity of the storm is at T2.5.



Thomas Nolte

Thomas Nolte (born June 13, 1984) is a skier from Germany. He has a disability and uses a wheelchair. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships and was the third skier to finish in the sitting men's slalom race.

Henrieta Farkašová

Henrieta Farkašová (born May 23, 1986) is a skier from Slovakia. She has a disability: she cannot see everything. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the first skier to finish the women's visually impaired downhill race, slalom race, giant slalom race and super combined race. Because she cannot see, Natália Šubrtová was her guide and told her where to go when going down the mountain.

Natália Šubrtová

Natália Šubrtová (born 1 May 1989 in Kežmarok) is a skier from Slovakia. She helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Henrieta Farkašová. They were the first skiers to finish the women's visually impaired downhill race, slalom race, giant slalom race and super combined race.

Engineering tolerance

Engineering tolerance is the ability of a machine to cope with changes while still continuing to work. This includes changes to size, quality (for example, the smoothness of the surface), the outside world (for example, dampness or heat). When a machine is made the needed engineering tolerance is set to provide a balance between performance and the need to cope with the changes it may experience.

Melissa Perrine

Henrieta Farkašová (born 21 February 1988) is a skier from Australia. She has a disability: she cannot see everything. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the second skier to finish the women's visually impaired downhill race, and the third skier to finish in the Super-G race and the Super Combined race. Because she cannot see, Andrew Bor was her guide and told her where to go when going down the mountain.

Andrew Bor

Andrew Bor (born 14 April 1963) is a skier and ski coach from Australia. He helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. He skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Melissa Perrine. They were the second skiers to finish the women's visually impaired downhill race, and the third skiers to finish in the Super-G race and the Super Combined race.

Alexandra Frantseva

Alexandra Frantseva (born 24 April 1987) is a skier from Russia. She has a disability: she cannot see everything. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the second skier to finish in the women's visually impaired Super-G race, Giant slalom race and Super Combined race, and the third skier to finish the women's visually impaired downhill race and slalom race. Because she cannot see, Evgenia Kolosovskaya was her guide and told her where to go when going down the mountain.

Bioturbation

Bioturbation is the reworking of soils and sediments by animals or plants. It disturbs and changes sediment. Any animal living in the soil or on the bottom under water may disturb the sediment by moving it around. Burrowing, eating and defecation of sediment grains, building galleries (etc.) all disturb the sediment.

Common bioturbators include annelids ("ringed worms") such as oligochaetes, bivalves like mussels, clams, gastropods, holothurians. 

Fossil sites with bioturbation do not leave traces of soft-bodied animals. In contrast, fossil sites with undisturbed sediment have given rise to important lagerstätten with many impressions of small soft-bodied invertebrates.

Paradip

Paradip (also Paradeep) is a major seaport town in India. It is a designated notified area in Jagatsinghpur district of Odisha.

Paradip is located at . It has an average elevation of .


Para-alpine skiing

Alpine skiing is a winter sport. This sport has been adapted to the needs of people with a disability, and is called Para-alpine skiing. The sport started in Germany and Austria during and after the Second World War. The sport is governed by the International Paralympic Committee Sports Committee. The adaptations used include ski poles (outrigger skis), and a chair on a ski (sit-skis, and mono-skis). Para-alpines skiing types are Downhill, Super-G, Giant Slalom, Slalom, Super Combined, and Snowboard.

Para-alpine skiing classification is the order system for para-alpine skiing. It is designed to give equal competition between alpine skiers with different types of limited physical powers and vision. The ordering system is grouped into three general conditions of being unable: standing, unable to see, and sitting. A factoring system was made for para-alpine skiing. It lets the three classification groups fairly race against other people with the same type of disability. 

Alpine skiing was one of the sports at the first Winter Paralympics in 1976, with Slalom and Giant Slalom being raced. Different types of Alpine skiing were made to be at the Paralympic Games over time. The 2010 Winter Paralympics para-alpine skiing races were at Whistler Creekside. The race types at Whistler included Downhill, Super-Combined, Super-G, Slalom, and Giant Slalom.

Disability skiing started around the Second World War because many soldiers got hurt. In Germany, Franz Wendel, an amputee who was missing his leg, used pair of crutches to make short skis. Sepp "Peppi" Zwicknagel is an Austrian veteran who was wounded by a hand grenade and lost his leg. Zwicknagel learned to ski on his own and then became a ski instructor. He worked at Kitzbühel and created a division of the Austrian Ski Association for disability skiers. By 1947, disability ski races were being held in Austria. Next, Ludwig Guttman helped make ski events for people with disabilities. In the United States, Gretchen Fraser started teaching skiing to amputees in the army hospitals. By the 1960s, ski groups for people with disabilities were being made. Disability skiing was only for people with amputations until 1968. In 1969, blind skier Jean Eymore began a skiing program in Aspen, Colorado for skiers who cannot see. Eymore was ski instructor before he lost his vision. The first international competition, the World Disabled Alpine Championships, was held in France in 1974.

Standing alpine skiing was one of the first sports at the first Winter Paralympics in 1976. Slalom and Giant Slalom were the race types held. At the 1984 Winter Paralympics, the downhill event was added to the para-alpine program. Sit-skiing was an example sport in 1984. At the 1992 Winter Paralympics in Albertville, Canada, downhill, giant slalom and slalom events were on the Paralympic program. At the 1994 Winter Paralympics, Super Giant Slalom was raced. In 1998, sit-skiers and blind skiers could get medals. Before 1998, only standing skiers could get medals at the Winter Paralympics.

At the 2002 Winter Paralympics, women's downhill and men's unable to see downhill were on day 1. Men's standing and being seated downhill were on day 2. Men's standing and being seated Super-G was on day 3. Men's unable to see, and women's Super-G was on day 5. Men's standing and being seated Giant Slalom was on day 7. Women's and men's unable to see Giant Slalom was on day 8. Men's standing and being seated Slalom was on day 9. Women's and men's unable to see Slalom was on day 10.

At the 2006 Winter Paralympics, a new classification system was used. It made 14 classes into three groups and used factored results for each of the three groups. At the 2006 Games, there were 55 male competitors in the Super-G compared to 18 women in the standing group.

The 2010 Winter Paralympics para-alpine skiing race was at Whistler Creekside. The types of races at Whistler included downhill, Super-Combined, Super-G, slalom, and giant slalom. Super-combined was raced in 2010. It was the first time it was raced at the Paralympic Games. In the downhill races, there were 25 men and 18 women in the standing group, 25 men and 10 women in the seating group, and 12 men and 10 women in the cannot see the group. In the Super-Combined races, 18 men and 14 women for standing, 18 men and 10 women for being seated, and 10 men and 10 women for cannot see. The slalom race was the shortest racecourse for para-alpine events at the 2010 Games. The downhill was on day 2 for men and women skiers in all groups. The Super-G for men and women in standing classes was on day three cannot, anding seated skiers raced in the Super-G on day 4. The Super Combined races were on day 5 for all skiers. The standing Giant Slalom for men and women was on day 7. The being seated and cannot skiers raced on day 8. The slalom was for standing men and women was on day 9. The other skiers raced the slalom on day 10.

Para-alpine ski events held with skiers worldwide and skiers from specific countries include the Winter Paralympics, World championships World cups, Continental cups, National championships IPCAS competition, and IPCAS Para-Snowboard. Skiers from 39 different countries race in para-alpine skiing races. The sport is that one of eight given government by the International Paralympic Committee Sports Committee, with rules for para-alpine skiing put forth in the IPCAS Rules and Regulations. Special rules may be used for events like the Paralympic Games. One group of special rules was used in 1994 and were detailed in the IPC Handbook. This was used to make necessary IPC-sanctioned events like the Paralympic Games for many years. Competition rules for classes use rules put by or made an adjustment from rules made come into existence by the International Ski Federation (FIS). These rules were put at the 42nd International Ski Conference in 2000. The two rule groups worked in united ways with each other, with the FIS rules specifying the rules for alpine skiing and the IPC making ready adjustments for para-alpine skiing. The IPC Alpine Sports Assembly Executive Committee can decide if skiers have the necessary qualities to race in IPC sanctioned events without thought or attention to what the rules say. National Paralympic Committees can have their own rule for races they organize.

The first necessary things used in the sport includes outrigger skis, sit-skis, and mono-skis. Being dependent on if a skier sits, stands or cannot see, other necessary things may be used by skiers other equipment may be used by skiers including guide skiers, short ski poles, orthopedic aids, or prostheses. For skiers with seeing problems, guides are used to help the skier know the direction to ski. [10] For skiers who stand. Different part rules decide what sort of necessary things is let in competition, such as one long ski pole, two ski poles, zero ski poles, or one or two skis. Rules for necessary things use in competition are made by FIS and the IPC.

There are least long distance for skis used in competition is at least for men and for women. Bindings used for skis have a greatest point high level of .

Sit-skis are for wheelchair users or other skiers who have paraplegia. The first sit-ski was made in 1967 by Josef Shrall. Shrall is from the Bavaria in Germany. The first sit-skis had two wide skis, brakes, and were made special to fit a skier. The weight of the sit-ski made it so no skiers could ski moguls or on steep slopes. Sit-ski kept getting made better in the 1980s. A new type of sit-ski was made in Engelberg, Switzerland in 1987, and people were able to see it at a workshop made by the Swiss Association of Paraplegics. As the technology got better, a chair was made that could be added to the skis, made for skiers who had no disability. Now sit-skis are made from fiberglass and polyester. Sit-skis now have much less weight, allowing skiers to ski on steeper slopes and race in the moguls. Now sit-skis include seat belts. Sit-skis for people with disabilities and skis for people who do not have disabilities have improved to become special for different types of alpine skiing races.

Some standing skiers can use outrigger skis when racing. These are ski poles with small skis on the end. They help a skier balance when they ski down a mountain, and help in going short distances up a mountain. Outrigger skis also help skiers to do things like a climb a hill to get on a ski lift.

Guide skiers can see. They help skiers who cannot ski go down the mountain by telling the cannot see skier where to go using a radio or talking to them. Skiers can use more than one guide during a race type, but the guide can only win a medal if they raced with the same skier for the whole race type. Like the skier, the guide has to have an IPCAS Licence to compete in races. Guide skiers need to follow to anti-doping rules.

Skiers also wear special boots, helmets, ski suits, and goggles. Ski equipment cannot have advertisements on it at the Paralympic Games. Ski boots are made to connect to the ski at the heel and toe. They help support the foot and ankle with the use of materials like hard plastics. All helmets used in races must be hard-shell helmets.

Para-alpine skiing types are downhill, Super-G, Giant Slalom, Slalom, Super Combined and Snowboard. The rules are based on the rules of the International Ski Federation, though some rules have been adjusted for skiers with limited physical powers. While skiing, skiers go as quickly as an hour.

This is a go quickly based timed ski race, where skiers go over snow quickly down a sloping sharply direction that can be to lower than it started while having in it many turns and jumps. The first skier to finish is based on one run down the mountain, with the skier with the fastest time being the first. Skiers move between gates in the downhill. Downhill has the least number of gates among all para-alpine types. If a skier does not ski between the gates, they do not finish. Some ski races make a skier first show they are good enough to ski. They can make this be seen in the downhill or Super-G. Skiers can get points for competitions with skiers from other countries in races by International Ski Federation. Skiers can race in the downhill at the Paralympic Games.

Skis for women must be at least long. For men, skis must be at least long. Women and men's skis need a least possible or recorded straight line from middle to edge circle turn of . Skiers used curved narrow ski poles for this event. Men and women both need their skis to have a straight line from middle to edge circle of . Top speed in this event can be up to an hour. Before the start of the race, the skier needs to do a practice run, and need to wear a helmet to keep safe during all their runs. 

Made in the 1980s, the Super-G is less scientific with skiers going very fast. From top to bottom part of the mountain, skiers go down to high. Acomparison to other para-alpine sking types, this type has a tendency to be mid-length. It is longer than the Giant Slalom and the Slalom but shorter than the downhill type. In this type, skiers go quickly between alternating red and blue gates that are apart, with men needing to go between 35 gates and women needing to go between 30 gates. 

With a drop of to , this is one of the more need to be very correct when turning the para-alpine disciplines. This skiing type gets two runs down a straighter and shorter mountain than the downhill. It is longer and having fewer turns than the Slalom. After the first race down the mountain, the last 20% of finishers can be taken away from the competition at the authority of the judges. The starting order for the second run starts with the slowest of the top 15 skiers, with the fastest skier in the first race racing 15th. Any skiers who completed outside the top 15 then race based on their times from the first run. For example, the 18th fastest finisher in the first run skis 18th in the second run. In some competitions, an adjustment is made using 30 skiers instead of 15. The IPC/FIS run together make the rules for Slalom race. Giant Slalom is a race on the current Paralympic schedule. Skiers use straight ski poles in Giant Slalom.

The name for this race is from a Norwegian word that is "sloping footway." This event is the most complex ski discipline, with a drop of only to on an purposely iced mountain. This is the shortest of all the para-alpine race events and uses two different races with different directions down a mountain. Skiers go down each different race once, with their coming to an end position being marked based on their complete-time from both races. There are gates in this race, about 55-75 for men and 40-60 for women, and if a skier does ski between the gate, they are unable to finish the race because of the rules. After the first race, the last 20% of finishers can be taken away from the competition at the authority of the judges. The starting order for the second run starts with the slowest of the top 15 skiers, with the fastest skier in the first run skiing 15th. Any skiers who completed outside the top 15 then skiers race based on their times from the first run. For example, the 18th fastest finisher in the first run skis 18th in the second run. Skiers use straight ski poles in this race. In some competitions that need to show people you should be allowed to race in it, a skier can show they should be allowed to race using finish race times from downhill, Slalom, or Super-G. The IPC/FIS make the rules for Slalom. Slalom is a race on the current Paralympic schedule. Skiers often wear extra protective equipment when racing in slalom.

The Super Combined is a mix of two disciplines: Slalom and Super-G, or the downhill and the Slalom. In the event, skiers go down the downhill mountain race once and the Slalom mountain race twice. The three races are put together, with the fastest time for all three races being the skier who finishes first.

Snowboard has drops between and for both men's and women's races with the race being run over a distance of to . The race has alternating ski gates. The sport is only open to standing racers.

Para-alpine skiing classification is designed to give insurance equal competition between alpine skiers with different types of limited physical and seeing powers. The system of orders is grouped into three general conditions of being unable sorts: standing, unable to see, and sitting. The International Paralympic Committee Alpine Skiing is the boss of the classification. Skiers are put in order based on medical problems and their body position when they ski. Skiers cannot see are valued only on a medical doctors saying how bad their vision is. Prior to International Paralympic Committee Alpine Skiing being in charge, several sport groups handled classification. They included the International Sports Organization for the Disabled (ISOD), International Stoke Mandeville Games Federation (ISMWSF), International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) and Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA). Some order systems are persons given organizations other than International Paralympic Committee Alpine Skiing. These order systems are not used in international competition. The sport is open to all competitors with a seeing or physical condition of being unable. It is not open to people with to do with intellectual disabilities.

The first order systems for para-alpine classification were made in Scandinavia, with early systems designed for skiers with amputations. At the time, there was no ski tools for skiers with spinal cord wounds. The purpose of the early order systems was to be made from able to use your body but ended up being medical order systems. At the first Winter Paralympics in 1976, there were two systems of classification for the sport. By the 1980s, skiers with cerebral palsy had a classification system. At that time, with inspiration from wheelchair basketball order, efforts were made to make order more of an ability to use the body classification system. Ten classes had existence by the 1980s. Since then, efforts have been made to make better the classification system by lowering the number of classes so fewer medals can be awarded.

A factoring system was made to come into existence for para-alpine skiing for three general groups: being seated, standing, and not seeing. Each group races against only people in the same group. A skier can finish in the top three for only seated, standing, or not seeing. People from one group do not race against other skiers in a different group. Inside each group, there is a wide range of ability to move and medical problems or see. Skiers are classed inside one of the three groups. The factoring system works by having a number for each class, where the results are worked out by increasing in number the look time by the factored number. The coming out number is used to decide on the one who came out best in events where the cause system is used. This means the quicker skier down a hill may not be the first event in events where the factor system is used. This means the faster skier down a hill may not be the winner of an event. The factor system is used at Alpine Cup, North American Races, European Cup, World Cup races, World Championships, and the Winter Paralympics.


European badger

The European badger ("Meles meles") is a species of badger. Its genus is "Meles". It is native to almost all of Europe. It is classed as Least Concern for extinction by the IUCN because of its wide distribution and large population.

The European badger is a social, burrowing animal. It eats a wide variety of plants and animals. It is very fussy over the cleanliness of its burrow, and defecates in latrines. It is known of European badgers that they bury their dead family members. Although they are ferocious when provoked, the European badger is generally a peaceful animal. It has been known to share its burrows with other species such as rabbits, red foxes and raccoon dogs. Although it does not usually prey on domestic animals, the species is sometimes reported to damage livestock through spreading bovine tuberculosis.


Outrigger skis

Outrigger skis are skis that are used by para-skiers to help with balance, turn, control their rate of motion, stop and make easier the direction of turns. They be different in size and level, and have different things. Being dependent on the total number of skis used by the skier (1 or 2), outrigger ski form is sometimes named "Three Track Skiing" or "Four Track Skiing". When falling, skiers are taught to move their arms to put a stop to falling on the outrigger ski and damaging themselves.

Industrial and Commercial Bank of China

Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited (ICBC; ) is the largest bank in the world by profit and market capitalization. It is one of China's 'Big Four' state-owned commercial banks. The other three banks are Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, and China Construction Bank.
It was founded on January 1, 1984. At first it was a private company. It had assets of RMB 12.55 trillion (US$1.9 trillion). It also had over 18,000 outlets including 106 overseas branches and agents globally. In 2013, it was ranked number 1 on "Forbes" Global 2000 list of world's biggest public companies.

Nellaiappar Temple

The Swami Nellaiappar Temple () is a Hindu temple in the city of Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu, India. It is a the main centre of attraction in the city.

The Nellaiappar Temple is in the middle of Tirunelveli. It is surrounded by roads on all four sides. All the roads are filled with small stores, hotels and other small businesses. The other name for Tirunelveli is "Nellai", which is derived from the god of this temple "Nellaiappar", means the Protector of Nellai.

The Nellaiappar Temple was constructed by Nindraseer Nedumaran who reigned in the 7th century A.D. There is a flower garden in the centre of the temple. In the centre of the garden, there is a square vasantha mandapam with 100 pillars. It is said that this whole place used to be full of bamboo trees and was destroyed, and so inside the temple they still have some bamboo trees.

Cooling tower

Cooling towers are towers that are used to transfer waste heat to the atmosphere. Cooling towers may use the evaporation of water to remove heat and cool the working fluid to near the wet-bulb air temperature. They may also use only air to cool the working fluid to near the dry-bulb air temperature. Cooling towers are used in oil refineries, petrochemical plants and power stations, especially nuclear power stations. In a nuclear power plant, the cooling tower is isolated from the nuclear reactor by a heat exchanger, and the steam from the cooling tower is not radioactive. The cooling tower is usually the tallest and most visible part of a nuclear power plant, much taller than the reactor building or turbine hall. 

Gakkel Ridge

The Gakkel Ridge (formerly known as the Nansen Cordillera and Arctic Mid-Ocean Ridge) is a mid-oceanic ridge. It is located in the Arctic Ocean between Greenland and Siberia. It is a divergent tectonic plate boundary between the North American Plate and the Eurasian Plate. It is in length. Geologically, it connects the northern end of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge with the Laptev Sea Rift.

The existence and approximate location of the Gakkel Ridge were predicted by Soviet polar explorer Yakov Yakovlevich Gakkel. It was confirmed on Soviet expeditions in the Arctic around 1950. The ridge is named after him. The name was recognized in April 1987 by SCUFN (under that body's old name, the Sub-Committee on Geographical Names and Nomenclature of Ocean Bottom Features).


Autotransplantation

Autotransplantation is transplanting tissues from one part of the body to another part of the same person. Skin grafts are a common example. 

Another example: a piece of bone (usually from the hip) is removed and ground into a paste when reconstructing another portion of bone.


Xenotransplantation

Xenotransplantation (from the Greek "-" meaning "foreign"), is the transplantation of living cells, tissues or organs from one species to another.


Eddie Mabo

Eddie Koiki Mabo ( 29 June 1936 – 21 January 1992) was an Indigenous Australian activist from the Torres Strait Islands. He became well known for campaigning for indigenous land rights. In particular, he became famous for his role in an historic decision by the High Court of Australia in 1992, which overturned the idea that Australia was "terra nullius" (land belonging to nobody).

Mabo was born as Eddie Koiki Sambo. He changed his surname to Mabo when he was adopted by his mother's brother, Benny Mabo. He was born on Mer (Murray Island) in the Torres Strait between Australia and Papua New Guinea. He worked on a number of jobs before becoming a gardener with James Cook University in Townsville, when he was 31 years old. The time he spent on the university campus had a major impact on his life. In 1974, Mabo was surprised to learn that his family did not legally own the land they lived on. In a conversation with Noel Loos and Henry Reynolds, he learned that legally that land belonged to the Crown.

In 1981, a conference on land rights was held at James Cook University. Mabo made a speech to the audience where he explained the indigenous customary land inheritance system on Murray Island. One of the people who attended the conference, a lawyer, suggested they should make a case to claim land rights through the court system. A case was made, and took 10 years to reach a decision. Mabo died a few months before the decision. He died on 21 January 1992, of cancer at the age of 55.

Five months later, on 3 June 1992, the High Court overturned the legal doctrine of "terra nullius" - which was the term applied to the attitude of the British Empire towards land ownership on the continent of Australia. That decision is now commonly called "Mabo v Queensland" in Australia and is widely recognised for its importance. Later in 1992, Mabo was awarded the Australian Human Rights Medal for his work over many years to gain legal recognition for indigenous people's rights.

Three years after Mabo died, which is the traditional mourning period for the people of Murray Island, a memorial service was held in Townsville. Overnight, his grave was vandalised; it was spray-painted with swastikas and the word "abo" (a derogatory slang term for an Aboriginal person). His family decided to have his body reburied on Murray Island.



Cecilia Bolocco

Cecilia Carolina Bolocco Fönck (born May 19, 1965 in Santiago) is a Chilean television presenter, actress, model, fashion designer and former Miss Universe 1987 of italian and german origin. She is the older sister of Diana Bolocco.

Júnior Fernándes

Antenor Junior Fernandes da Silva Vitoria (born 4 October 1988 in Tocopilla) is a Chilean footballer of Brazilian descent who currently plays for Fußball-Bundesliga club Bayer Leverkusen as a striker.

He has been summoned to Chile national football team to face friendly matches during the second half of 2011 by team manager Claudio Borghi. He debuted in the national team on 11 September 2012, on a qualifying match for the 2014 FIFA World Cup against Colombia.


Johanns Dulcien

Johanns Alexander Dulcien Neira (born 26 March 1991) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for the Chilean Primera División side Colo-Colo as an Attacking midfielder.


Peter Browne

Peter Browne (ca. 1594 1633) was a passenger on the "Mayflower" and a signer of the Mayflower Compact. In some records he was called Brown and others as Browne. He was baptized on January 26, 1594/5 in Dorking, Surrey, England. This was the same home town where William Mullins, another "Mayflower" passengers lived. Browne was a son of William Brown of Dorking. He had an older sister and four brothers.
Browne was around 25 when he boarded the "Mayflower" with the Mullins family. Unfortunately the Mullins family died shortly after they landed in the New World.

The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" saw land. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in the Colony of Virginia, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other.

An interesting incident regarding Browne took place in January 1621 while the Pilgrims were building their settlement of Plymouth. On January 12 Peter Browne, John Goodman and others had entered the forest in order to find thatch for their roofs. Sometime around noon, Browne and Goodman wandered further into the forest while the other men stayed behind to bundle the thatch. They realized that Browne and Goodman were still in the forest and they went to the settlement and told the others. This caused about 10-12 men to search for them. As it happened, Browne and Goodman were eating lunch when their dogs starting chasing a deer and they were soon lost. According to records, they walked all that afternoon and were wet, and at night it got very cold. They had no weapons but had one sickle each. At night they thought they heard lions in the forest and climbed a tree for shelter. They stayed by the tree that night in case they had to escape to safety. The next day they finally climbed the highest hill they could find, were able to see where they were and were able to get back to the colony. Browne and Goodman finally arrived in Plymouth quite cold, frost-bitten, tired and hungry. This was the first time they had gone into the forest in the New England.

In the Plymouth settlement of 1620, the house of Peter Browne was near that of John Goodman and was close to the harbor on the south side of the village street.

In the 1623 Division of Land, as a single man, Browne received one “acre” of land near a brook. In that record, his name appears as “Peter Browen". Sometime after the Division of Land, he married the widow Martha Ford. She arrived in November 1621 on the ship "Fortune" as the only recorded woman on board.

By the time of the 1627 Division of the Cattle, Browne and his wife had a daughter Mary and was pregnant with another daughter, Priscilla.

Martha died about 1630, and Browne remarried and had two more children.

Brown became sick and died in 1633. He and his first wife were buried at Burial Hill in Plymouth.


Ross Turnbull

Ross Turnbull (born 4 January 1985) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Between 2002 and 2017 he made 148 league appearances for a number of clubs, notably Middlesbrough, Chelsea, Crewe Alexandra and Doncaster Rovers. He is a former England U19 international.

Chelsea

Individual

Football Champ

Football Champ is an arcade-style football video game. The game was developed by Taito in Japan. It was first released in arcades in 1990.

Bar-tailed godwit

The bar-tailed godwit ("Limosa lapponica") is a water bird. It is a large wader in the family Scolopacidae. It breeds on Arctic coasts and tundra mainly in the Old World, and winters on coasts in temperate and tropical regions of the Old World.

Its migration is the longest known non-stop flight of any bird and also the longest journey without pausing to feed by any animal.

The bar-tailed godwit migrates in flocks to coasts in East Asia, Alaska, Australia, Africa, northwestern Europe and New Zealand, where the sub-species "Limosa lapponica baueri" is called Kūaka in Māori.

In 2007 birds in New Zealand were tagged and tracked by satellite to the Yellow Sea in China. According to Clive Minton (Australasian Wader Studies Group) "The distance between these two places is , but the actual track flown by the bird was ". The flight took about nine days.This is the longest known non-stop flight of any bird. At least three other bar-tailed godwits reached the Yellow Sea after non-stop flights from New Zealand.

One female in the flock, nicknamed "E7", flew onward from China to Alaska and stayed there for the breeding season. Then on 29 August 2007 she departed on a non-stop flight from the Avinof Peninsula in western Alaska to the Piako River near Thames New Zealand, setting a new known flight record of .

Sandpiper

Sandpipers are a large family of waders or shorebirds, the Scolopacidae. They include many species called sandpipers, as well as those called by names such as curlew and snipe. 

Sandpipers are small birds with a longish pointed beak, and usually a rounded shape. Most species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud, sand or soil. Different lengths of bills allow different species to feed in the same habitat on the coast without direct competition for food.

Sandpipers have long legs, and narrow wings. Most species have a narrow bill, but otherwise the form and length are quite variable. They are small to medium sized birds, measuring cm in length. The bills are sensitive, allowing the birds to feel the mud and sand as they probe for food. They generally have dull plumage, with cryptic brown, grey, or streaked patterns, although some display brighter colours during the breeding season.

Most species nest in open areas, and defend their territories with aerial displays. The nest itself is a simple scrape in the ground, in which the bird usually lays three or four eggs. The young of most species are precocial.

Saint Helena plover

The Saint Helena plover ("Charadrius sanctaehelenae"), locally known as the wirebird, is a small bird (a plover) endemic to the island of Saint Helena.

The bird was first mentioned in 1638, and is the national bird of Saint Helena; it appears on the top half of the island's coat of arms. Some older coins of Saint Helena (before 1998) have the Wirebird on its reverse.

The Saint Helena plover is the only bird species endemic to the South Atlantic island of Saint Helena that is still living.

It is a small bird (length: 15 cm) with long and thin legs, like wires; because of that, the bird is known as "wirebird" in Saint Helena.

Kittlitz's plover ("Charadrius pecuarius") is the Saint Helena bird's closest relative; for some authors, the Saint Helena Plover is a subspecies of the Kittlitz's plover but most zoologists think that they are two different species.

The Saint Helena plover spends most of its time on the ground and does not fly frequently; it is most commonly found in pairs, or sometimes in small groups of young birds, looking for food (snails, beetles and other invertebrates) in grassland o in semi-desert areas.

Breeding takes place throughout the year, but mainly during the dry season, from late September to January. The nest is on the ground where they lay two eggs. After leaving the nest, the young birds move throughout the island in small groups.

The Saint Helena plover is endemic to the island of Saint Helena; it does not exist in any other place. Over the past 20 years, the species has used only of the whole island. The best places in the island to see them are Deadwood and Properous Bay Plains and Woody Ridge.

Saint Helena plovers like areas of land with grasses (pastures) that are at middle elevations, mainly in flat, dry areas with low plants.

Because of changes in the use of the land and the introduction of predators (rats, cats, dogs and other species), the number of individuals of the Saint Helena plover is critically low. A census carried out during 2005 and 2006 showed that this species had been reduced in about 40 percent in just five years to only 235 individuals. There has since been a small increase in numbers, however.

The Saint Helena plover is protected by law on Saint Helena since 1894, and several organisations work to conserve this species; one of the organizations helping to conserve this species is The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, which has a project named "Enabling the people of St Helena to conserve the St Helena wirebird", as part of the Overseas Territories Environment Programme of the UK.


The Good Dinosaur

The Good Dinosaur is a 2015 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama adventure movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It was the studio's sixteenth movie. It was released on June 19, 2015. The movie was directed by Peter Sohn.


Jessica DiCicco

Jessica Sonya DiCicco (born June 10, 1980) is an American actress, singer and voice artist. She is perhaps best known for her voice acting in animated television shows and video games.

Dick Trickle

Richard "Dick" Trickle (October 27, 1941 – May 16, 2013) was an American race car driver. He raced for decades around the short tracks of Wisconsin, winning many championships along the way. Trickle competed in the ASA, ARTGO, ARCA, All Pro, IMCA, NASCAR, and USAC. In more than an estimated 2,200 races, Trickle logged one million laps and is believed to have won over 1,200 feature races.

Trickle was born on October 27, 1941 in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin. He was never married and had no children. Trickle died on May 16, 2013 after shooting himself with a gun at Forest Lawn Cemetery in Boger City, North Carolina.

Henrique Rosa

Henrique Pereira Rosa (16 January 1946 – 15 May 2013) was a politician from Guinea-Bissau. He was interim President of Guinea-Bissau from 2003 to 2005. 

Rosa was born on 16 January 1946 in Bafatá, Guinea-Bissau. Rosa handed over power to Vieira on 1 October 2005.

Rosa stood as an independent candidate in the Guinea-Bissau presidential election, 2009, finishing in third place.

On 15 May 2013, Rosa died at a hospital in Porto, in northern Portugal, after losing a nine month battle with lung cancer. He was 67 years old.

Paul Shane

Paul Shane (George Frederick Speight; 19 June 1940 – 16 May 2013) was an English comedian and actor, best known for his television work such as playing the part of Ted Bovis in "Hi-de-Hi!", a sitcom broadcast on the BBC in the mid 1980s.

Shane was born on 19 June 1940 in Thrybergh, West Riding of Yorkshire, England. He was married to Dory Shane until her death in 2001. They had three children. Shane died on 16 May 2013 in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England from an illness, aged 72.


P. J. Carlesimo

Peter John "P. J." Carlesimo (born May 30, 1949) is an American basketball coach. Most recently he was the interim head coach of the NBA's Brooklyn Nets.

Carlesimo was born on May 30, 1949 in Scranton, Pennsylvania. He is the son of college basketball coach and athletic director Peter A. Carlesimo. Carlesimo studied at Fordham University. He is married and has two sons.

Thaler

The Thaler (or Taler or Talir) was a silver coin that was used throughout Europe for almost four hundred years. It was named after the "Joachimsthaler", a type of coin from the city of Joachimsthal (Jáchymov) in Bohemia. It is where the names "dollar" and "tolar" come from. The Thaler was first made in 1518. In Habsburg Spain and the Spanish Empire it was called "Peso". 

Ann Sheridan

Ann Sheridan (Clara Lou Sheridan; February 21, 1915 – January 21, 1967) was an American actress. She worked regularly from 1934 to her death in 1967, first in movie and later in television. Notable roles include "Angels With Dirty Faces" (1938), "The Man Who Came to Dinner" (1942), "Kings Row" (1942) and "I Was a Male War Bride" (1949).

Sheridan was born Clara Lou Sheridan on February 21, 1915 in Denton, Texas. She studied at the University of North Texas. 

Sheridan was married to Edward Norris from 1936 until they divorced in 1939. Then she was married to George Brent from 1942 until they divorced in 1943. Then she was married to Scott McKay from 1966 until her death in 1967. She had one son, Richard that she gave up for adoption, but later located him when she was in poor health. The father of Richard is not known.

Sheridan died on January 21, 1967 in Los Angeles, California from esophageal cancer and liver cancer, aged 51. She is buried at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery. 


Merian C. Cooper

Merian Caldwell Cooper (October 24, 1893 – April 21, 1973) was an American aviator, United States Air Force and Polish Air Force officer, adventurer, screenwriter, actor, movie director and producer. His most famous movie was the 1933 movie "King Kong".

Cooper was born on October 24, 1893 in Jacksonville, Florida. He was of English descent. Cooper studied at the Lawrenceville School. He was married to Dorothy Jordan from 1933 until his death in 1973. They had one son, Maciej Słomczyński. Cooper died on April 21, 1973 in San Diego, California from cancer, aged 79.

Merian Caldwell Cooper was born in Jacksonville, Florida. His father, John C. Cooper, was a lawyer. His mother was Mary Caldwell. He was the youngest of three children. When he was six, Cooper heard stories from the book "Explorations and Adventures in Equatorial Africa". After that, he thought he would like to see the world. He went to The Lawrenceville School in New Jersey and finished in 1911.

After finishing school, Cooper was accepted to the U.S. Naval Academy, This was a great honor. He was kicked out during his final year for "hell raising and for championing air power." In 1916, Cooper worked reporting the news. He worked for the "Minneapolis Daily News", where he met Delos Lovelace. Cooper also worked at the "Des Moines Register-Leader" and the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch."

Cooper joined the Georgia National Guard to capture Pancho Villa in Mexico in 1916. He finished military service in March 1917 to work for the "El Paso Herald". When he went back to the Georgia National Guard, he was chosen to be a lieutenant, but he said no to the offer. He then went to the Military Aeronautics School in Atlanta to learn how to fly planes. He finished school with high marks.

In October 1917, Cooper went to France with the 201st Squadron. He went to flying school in Issoudun. While flying, Cooper hit his head and became unconscious while falling in the air. He went to Clermont-Ferrand to train again, but this time as a bomber pilot. After that, he became a pilot on the 20th Aero Squadron. It became the 1st Day Bombardment Group.

Cooper was a DH-4 bomber pilot with the United States Army Air Service during World War I. His plane was hit on September 26, 1918. Cooper lived but had many injuries. When German soldiers found him, they took him to a prisoner hospital

Captain Cooper stayed in the Air Service after the war. He worked with Herbert Hoover's American Food Administration that helped Poland. He became a leader of the Poland division.

Cooper was the father of Maciej Słomczyński. Słomczyński was a Polish translator and writer. He took his step-father's name when his mother married. Cooper married film actress Dorothy Jordan on May 27, 1933. They kept their marriage a secret from Hollywood. A month later, journalists reported it. Cooper had a heart attack later that year. In the 1950s he supported Joseph McCarthy in his mission to root out Communists in Hollywood and Washington, D.C.

Cooper started Advanced Projects in his later life. He served as the head of the board. He wanted to explore new technologies like 3-D color television productions. Cooper died of cancer on April 21, 1973, in San Diego, California. His ashes were scattered at sea with full military honors.


Fay Wray

Fay Wray (born Vina Fay Wray; September 15, 1907 – August 8, 2004) was a Canadian-American actress. She is best known for playing Ann Darrow in "King Kong". Her acting career spanned 57 years, Wray received international renown as an actress in horror movie roles.

In 1989, Wray received the Women in Film Crystal Award. Wray received a "Legend in Film" award at the 2003 Palm Beach International Film Festival. For her contribution to the movie industry, Wray received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6349 Hollywood Blvd. She received a star posthumously on Canada's Walk of Fame in Toronto on June 5, 2005. 

A small park near Lee's Creek on Main Street in Cardston, Alberta, her birthplace, was named "Fay Wray Park". The small sign at the edge of the park on Main Street has a silhouette of King Kong on it, remembering her role in the film "King Kong". A large oil portrait of Wray by Alberta artist Neil Boyle is on display in the Empress Theatre in Fort Macleod, Alberta. In May 2006, Wray became one of the first four entertainers to ever be honored by Canada Post by being featured on a postage stamp.

Two days after her death, the lights of the Empire State Building were extinguished for 15 minutes in her memory.


Jon Hamm

Jonathan Daniel "Jon" Hamm (born March 10, 1971) is an American actor and director. He is known for his role as Don Draper in "Mad Men".

Hamm was born on March 10, 1971 in St. Louis, Missouri. He studied at the University of Missouri. Hamm was partners with Jennifer Westfeldt from 1997 until 2015. Hamm is a Democrat. In 2023, he married actress Anna Osceola.


Kelly Gallagher

Kelly Gallagher (born 24 April 1987) is a skier from Northern Ireland. She has a disability: she cannot see everything. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the second skier to finish in the women's visually impaired slalom race. She was the third skier to finish in the women's slalom race. Because she cannot see, Charlotte Evans was her guide and told her where to go when going down the mountain.

Charlotte Evans

Charlotte Evans is a skier from the United Kingdom. She helps skiers who cannot see by telling them where to go on a mountain. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships with Kelly Gallagher. They were the second skiers to finish in the women's visually impaired slalom race. They were the third skiers to finish in the women's slalom race. 

Andrea Rothfuss

Andrea Rothfuss (born 20 October 1989 in Freudenstadt) is a skier from Germany. She has a disability: she was born without a left hand. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the first skier to finish in the standing women's downhill race and the slalom race. She was the second skier to finish in the Super Combined. She was the third skier to finish in the Super G race and the Giant Slalom Race.


Frankenweenie (2012 movie)

Frankenweenie is a 2012 American 3D stop-motion animated supernatural comedy-horror family movie directed by Tim Burton. It stars Charlie Tahan, Martin Short, Catherine O'Hara, Martin Landau, Atticus Shaffer and Winona Ryder. It was nominated for many awards including the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature. It was released on October 5, 2012. Roger Ebert gave the movie 3/4 stars. It is a remake of a 1984 short film by Burton. It was released by Walt Disney Pictures.

Marie Bochet

Marie Bochet (born February 9, 1994 in Chambéry) is a skier from France. She was 5 when she started skiing. She has a disability. She was the first skier to finish in the Giant Slalom race. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the second skier to finish in the standing women's downhill race and the Super G.

Bocket skiied in the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, Russia, where she won four gold medals.

Bergen (disambiguation)

Bergen is a city in Norway.

Bergen might also mean:


A Christmas Carol (2009 movie)

A Christmas Carol is a 2009 American 3D computer-animated fantasy comedy-drama Christmas movie. It was directed and written by Robert Zemeckis. It stars Jim Carrey, Gary Oldman, Colin Firth, Bob Hoskins, Robin Wright and Cary Elwes. The movie was released on November 6, 2009. It was based on the Charles Dickens book "A Christmas Carol". Roger Ebert gave it 4/4 stars.

Puss in Boots (2011 movie)

Puss In Boots is a 2011 animated movie. It is a spin-off of the "Shrek" franchise. It follows the character Puss in Boots, who first appeared in "Shrek 2". It is about his adventures before the events of "Shrek 2".

The movie was directed by Chris Miller, produced by Guillermo del Toro, and written by Brian Lynch. It stars Antonio Banderas as Puss in Boots, Zach Galifianakis as Humpty Dumpty, Salma Hayek as Kitty Softpaws, and Billy Bob Thornton and Amy Sedaris as Jack and Jill. Like the "Shrek" movies, this movie is a parody of fairy tales.

"Puss in Boots" was released on DVD, Blu-ray and Blu-ray 3D on February 24, 2012. The movie has a short animation called "Puss in Boots: The Three Diablos". 7.2 million home entertainment units have been sold worldwide.

Another featured extra short is "Klepto Kitty"; a three-minute profile of Dusty the Klepto Kitty, a notorious cat in California who steals items from neighbors' yards. Some of it was filmed on a night vision kitty-cam, hung around Dusty's neck by the Animal Planet network for their own documentary.

A sequel titled "" was released on December 21, 2022.


Solène Jambaqué

Solène Jambaqué (born April 14, 1988) is a skier from France. She has a disability. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the third skier to finish in the standing women's downhill race and was the first skier to finish in the Super G race and Super Combined race.

Our Lady of La Salette

Our Lady of La Salette is a title given to the Virgin Mary who is believed to have appeared at the village of La Salette, France. The Marian apparition was reported by two children, Maximin Giraud, and Melanie Calvat. In French she is called "".

On 19 September 1846, Maximin Giraud and Melanie Calvat reported seeing the Virgin Mary weeping on Mount Sous-les Baisses. According to their account, the Virgin Mary continued to weep as she spoke to them, first in French, then in their own dialect. After the woman spoke to them, she vanished. The following day the children's account of the apparition was put into writing and signed by the children and those who had heard the story. 

When Maximin and Melanie made the woman's message public, it caused a sensation in the community. Soon thereafter, the bishop of Grenoble began to investigate the apparition. During the investigation, several accusations were made against the children. One of the accusations was that the apparition was just a young woman named Lamerliere. In 1851, the bishop said that the apparition was worthy of belief. This was the first step in approval by the Catholic church.

The visionaries sent two secrets to Pope Pius IX - one given to each of them, which they never revealed to one another. The Pope never made the two secrets public. However Melanie published the secrets in a pamphlet with the local bishop's approval. The Church condemned the published secret. Melanie, later in life, was known to have been disturbed by reading apocalyptic books and similar materials. 

John Paul II stated: As I wrote on the occasion of the 150th anniversary, "La Salette is a message of hope, for our hope is nourished by the intercession of her who is the Mother of mankind".

The message of the visionaries of La Salette focuses on the conversion of all humanity to Christ. Though La Salette's message is embedded in the bygone environment of the nineteenth century, rural France, it has had a tremendous impact on the modern world. Saints (for example, John Vianney), pastors (such as Don Bosco), and religious writers (like J.K. Huysmans) have all been influenced by La Salette. The spirit of La Salette is one of prayer, conversion, and commitment.

Petra Smarzova

Petra Smaržová (born 4 June 1990) is a skier from Slovakia. She has a disability. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the second skier to finish in the standing women's slalom race and giant slalom race.

Samarzova also took part in the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi where she again competed in the Giant Slalom. She is coached by Peter Matiasko and Branislav Mazgut.

Division of Blaxland

The Division of Blaxland is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. It covers the western suburbs of Sydney, including Bass Hill, Birrong, Carramar, Chester Hill, Condell Park, Fairfield East, Georges Hall, Guildford West, Old Guildford, Lansdowne, Potts Hill, Regents Park, Sefton, Villawood, Woodpark, Yagoona and Yennora and parts of Auburn, Bankstown, Berala, Fairfield, Granville, Guildford, Merrylands, Smithfield and South Granville. 

The division was created in 1949 and is named after Gregory Blaxland. He was a farmer and an early Australian explorer of the Blue Mountains in New South Wales.

It has been held by the Australian Labor Party since it was set up. Western Sydney has supported Labor for over a century. Its most notable member has been Paul Keating, who was Prime Minister of Australia 1991–96. In 2007, Keating's successor, Michael Hatton, lost preselection for this seat to Jason Clare. Clare had worked for former New South Wales Premier Bob Carr. Clare became Cabinet Secretary, Minister for Justice, and Minister for Home Affairs.


Alana Nichols

Alana Nichols (born March 21, 1983) is a skier and wheelchair basketball athlete from the United States. She has a disability. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the first skier to finish in the sitting women's downhill race and the Super G race. She was the third skier to finish the Slalom and Giant Slalom.

Division of Bennelong

The Division of Bennelong is an Australian electorate in New South Wales. The division was set up in 1949. It is named for Bennelong, an Indigenous Australian man who became a friend of the first Governor of New South Wales, Arthur Phillip. Bennelong includes the suburbs of Eastwood, Carlingford, Epping and Ryde.

When the Division of Bennelong was created in 1949, it covered mainly the suburbs of Ryde, Hunters Hill and Lane Cove. These were (and still are) richer areas, and Bennelong was a "safe" Liberal seat.

Over the years Bennelong has changed into a marginal seat for two reasons. Firstly, the electoral boundary of Bennelong has been changed many times, where it has moved west into Labor voting areas. Rich suburbs like Lane Cove and Hunters Hill in the east are no longer included. The division now includes Eastwood, Epping, Carlingford and working class Ermington in the north and west. Secondly, the type of people living in the division has changed. Since the early 1990s, there has been an increase in migrants from China, Hong Kong, South Korea and India. These are wealthy and conservative people who would support the Liberal Party, but they have not like the Liberal policies on immigration and multiculturalism.

Bennelong was held by the John Howard, the second longest serving Prime Minister of Australia. In 2010 the seat was won by former tennis star, John Alexander.


Bennelong

Woollarawarre Bennelong (c. 1764 – 3 January 1813) "(also: "Baneelon")" was an Indigenous Australian man of the Eora people. He was living in the Port Jackson area when the British came to Australia in 1788. Bennelong became an unofficial ambassador between the Eora and the British, both in Sydney and later in the United Kingdom.

Bennelong was a member of the Wangal clan who lived on the south side of Parramatta River. He had close links with the Wallumedegal clan who lived on the west side of the river, and the Burramattagal clan who lived near today's Parramatta. He had several sisters, including Warreeweer and Carangarang, who married important men from other clans. This gave Bennelong strong political links to the clans living around the new settlement at Sydney. Bennelong had a daughter named Dilboong who died as a baby, and a son who was adopted by Rev. William Walker. Named as Thomas Walker Coke, he died after a short illness aged about 20.

King George III had ordered the governor, Arthur Phillip, to set up friendly links with the Aborigines. However this was difficult as the Eora would not come anywhere near the new settlers. Phillip decided to kidnap an Eora person so that he could learn their language and their customs. A man named Arabanoo was captured, but he died from smallpox a few months later in May 1789. The disease had caused a lot of deaths among the Aborigines around Sydney. In November 1789, Bennelong, aged about 25, and a woman named Colbee were taken prisoner by a group of soldiers and taken to Sydney Cove. Colbee was able to escape two weeks later. The guard was hit with a whip 100 times for not stopping her escape. Bennelong was kept as a prisoner in the Governor's house. He wore clothes and enjoyed European food and drink. He was able to learn to speak English very quickly and became a friend of Phillip. After six months Bennelong escaped to go back to his clan.

Phillip visited Manly where he was speared in the shoulder, most likely as punishment for the kidnappings. Bennelong was at Manly, but did not take part in the attack on Phillip. He was worried about Phillip's injury, and returned to the settlement to make sure he was alright. Phillip told Bennelong that he would not be kept as a prisoner, and would be able to come and go as he wished. Bennelong stayed friendly with the new settlers, and even gave Phillip the Aboriginal name "Wolawaree". He learned to speak English.

In 1790, Bennelong asked Phillip to build him a hut on the edge of Sydney Harbour. This became known as Bennelong Point, and is now the site of the Sydney Opera House.

Bennelong and another Aborigine named Yemmerrawanie or Imeerawanyee went with Phillip to England in 1792. They may have met with King George III, but this has not been proved. When they got to England they were quickly made clothes that would have been suitable for a meeting with the King.

They visited St Paul's Cathedral and the Tower of London. They went on boat trips, swimming and to the theatre. While in London they lived with Henry Waterhouse. When Yemmerrawanie became sick, they were moved to Eltham. They lived at the house of Edward Kent where they were looked after by Mr and Mrs Phillips, and met Lord Sydney.

Yemmerrawanie died from a serious chest infection. Bennelong wanted to go home and the cold and wet weather was making him sick. He returned to Sydney in February 1795 on HMS "Reliance". This was the ship that took surgeon George Bass and the new governor, John Hunter to Australia. Bennelong taught Bass some of his language.

Bennelong arrived back in Sydney on 7 September 1795. He had a respected position in the colony, teaching Governor Hunter about the indigenous people. He was also an important position in Eora political and cultural life. He often took part in local battles, and ceremonies, including the last recorded initiation ceremony in Port Jackson in 1797. By the early 19th century, he was the leader of a 100-strong clan living on the north side of the river, west of Kissing Point in Wallumedagal country.

A letter he wrote in 1796 to Mr and Mrs Phillips is the first written in English by an indigenous Australian. He thanked Mrs Phillips for caring for him in England, and asked for stockings and a handkerchief.

Bennelong's health was probably ruined by drinking alcohol. He died at Kissing Point (now known as Putney, in Sydney's North West) on 3 January 1813. He was buried in the orchard of the brewer James Squire, a great friend to Bennelong and his clan.
On 20 March 2011 Dr Peter Mitchell of Macquarie University said he had found the grave site in the garden of a private house in Putney.

The Sydney Gazette wrote about him after his death. They said "...he was a thorough savage, not to be warped from the form and character that nature gave him...". Some people in Sydney's white society said that Bennelong had given up being an ambassador in his last years. There were increasing problems between the Aborigines and the Europeans as more and more land was cleared and fenced for farming. The settlers were angry that the 'savages' were not willing to give up their country to become useful workers and servants.

When he died, Bennelong's people held a traditional payback battle for which about 200 people gathered. A person on the schooner Henrietta who saw it wrote that spears flew very thick, and about 30 men were wounded.

Colebee's nephew, Nanberry, who died in 1821, was buried with Bennelong at his request. Bidgee Bidgee, who led the Kissing Point clan for 20 years after Bennelong's death, also asked to be buried with Bennelong, but there is no record of his death or where he is buried.



Laurie Stephens

Laurie Stephens is a skier from the United States. She has a disability. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the second skier to finish in the sitting women's downhill race and the Super G race. She was the third skier to finish the Super Combined.

Kartikeya

Murugan (), also known as Kartikeya or Kandhan is the Tamil god of war and victory. Kartikeya is the main god worshipped in India, Sri Lanka, Mauritius, Singapore, Malaysia and many other places of the world where Tamils live. Kartikeya has six shrines in Tamil Nadu, which are known as Arupadaiveedu. In Tamil Nadu, Kartikeya has continued to be popular with all classes of society since the Sangam age.

Kartikeya is considered the son of Shiva and Parvathi, who was created to kill the Asuras and be the eternal protector of the Devas and other living beings. The Asuras were demigods who frequently warred against the Devas or gods. The six sites (padaiveedu) in Tamil Nadu where Kartikeya sojourned while leading his armies are Palani, Swamimalai, Thiruparamkundram, Pazhamudirsolai, Thiruthani and Thiruchendur, the Arupadaiveedu.

Murugan is considered the God of Tamil language and he is mentioned a lot in Sangam literature. The six abodes of Kartikeya are all in Tamil Nadu. Each of these temples has a unique history and different reason to worship Lord Murugan. 

Thai Poosam during January – February month is celebrated as a 6-day festival. On Thai Poosam day, Kavadis and Palkudams are taken by devotees in procession around Chhedanagar. Special Abhishekams are performed to the Moolavar and Utsavar. Annadhanam is provided to all devotees participating in the functions. In the night, Kartikeya is taken in procession accompanied by Nadaswaram, Veda Parayanam around Chhedanagar.

Vaikasi Visakam day, (during May –June month), Kavadis and Palkudams are taken by devotees in procession around Chhedanagar.

Kanda Sashti during October-November month is celebrated as a 6-day festival. Devotees of Kartikeya will fast for 6 days. On the evening of the 6th day, Soorasamharam (correcting sooran) will be held at every Kartikeya temple around the world. Soorasamharam (correcting sooran) at Thiruchendur is very special.

Claudia Lösch

Claudia Lösch (born 19 October 1988) is a skier athlete from Austria. She has a disability. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the third skier to finish in the sitting women's downhill race and the Super G race. She was the second skier to finish the Super Combined race, Slalom race and Giant Slalom race.

Anna Schaffelhuber

Anna Schaffelhuber (born January,26 1993 in Regensburg) is a skier athlete from Germany. She has a disability. She skied at the 2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships. She was the first skier to finish in the sitting women's Super Combined race, Slalom race and Giant Slalom race.

2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships

2011 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships was a ski race. Skiers raced in Sestriere, Italy. They started racing on January 14, 2011. They stopped racing on January 23, 2011. There were Downhill, Giant Slalom, Slalom, Super-G, Super Combined and Team races. 

Miguel Carol

Miguel Carol (born June 26, 1962 in Madrid) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a disability and is an S3 type swimmer. He raced at the 1968 Summer Paralympics. He came in first in one swimming race and second in a different swimming race. 

María Carmen Riu Pascual

Maria Carmen Riu Pascual (born April 11, 1951 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability and is an S3 type swimmer. She raced at the 1968 Summer Paralympics. She came in second in two swimming races. 

Francisco Benitez

Francisco Benitez (born March 26, 1962 in Madrid) is a swimmer from Spain. He had a disability and is an S6 type swimmer. He raced at the 1972 Summer Paralympics. He came in second in two different swimming races. 

Beltrand de Five Pranger

Bertrand de Five Pranger (born May 28, 1950 in Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. He had a disability. He raced at the 1972 Summer Paralympics. He came in second in two different swimming races. He raced at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. He came in first in one swimming race and second in a different swimming race. 

Antonio Delgado Palomo

Antonio Delgado Palomo (September 20, 1957 – April 1, 2021) was a track and field athlete from Spain. He had a disability. He raced at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. He came in first in 100 metre race and first in the long jump. Delgado Palomo died in Sevilla, Spain.

Delgado Palomo died on April 1, 2021 in Sevilla from throat cancer, aged 63.

Eloy Guerrero Asensio

Eloy Guerrero Asensio (born March 26, 1962 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability and is a T42 type athlete. He raced at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. He came in second in one race. 

Julio Gutierrez García

Julio Gutierrez Garcia (born March 26, 1962 in Madrid) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot see. He is B2/T12 type athlete. He raced at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. He came in second in long jump. 

María Teresa Herreras López

Maria Teresa Herreras Lopez (born March 16, 1962 in Valladolid) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability and is an S3 type swimmer. She raced at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. She came in second in two different swimming races and third in two swimming races.

Self-fulfilling prophecy

A self-fulfilling prophecy is a prediction that directly or indirectly causes itself to become true, due to positive feedback between belief and behavior.

José Santos Poyatos

Jose Santos Poyatos (born March 26, 1962 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability and is a T41 type athlete. He raced at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. He came in second in 100 metre race and third in the long jump. 

Susana Herrera

Susana Herrera Jordán (March 26, 1962 - November 2, 2019) was a ski athlete from Spain. She was born in Madrid, and lost her sight at the age of 23. She ws a type B1 ski athlete. She raced at the 1988 Winter Paralympics, where she finished first in the downhill race and third in the giant slalom race. 

Miguel Ángel Pérez Tello

Miguel Ángel Perez Tello (born October 2, 1957 in Granada) is a skier and bicyclist from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot use part of one leg. He is a type LC3 bicycle athlete. He raced at the 1988 Winter Paralympics in para-Nordic skiing. He was the second skier in the 10 km race and the second skier in the 2.5 km race. He raced at the 1992 Winter Paralympics in para-Nordic skiing. He was the second skier in the 2.5 km race. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics on a bicycle. He was the fastest to go Omnium Track race.

Roberto Abenia

Roberto Abenia Uliaque (born November 8, 1972 in Zaragoza) is a goalball athlete from Spain. He has a vision problem. He played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. He played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. He played goalball at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. His team was six. 

Goalball

Goalball is a sport for people who are blind, meaning they cannot see. It is played by men and women. Each team has six people on it. Three people play on each team at one time. A team throws the ball at a goal behind the people on the other team. They get a point if the ball goes in the goal. The ball has a bell in it. Players cannot see the ball, but they can hear the bell. They use their body to stop the ball. It is governed by the International Blind Sports Federation, and it is a sport in the Paralympic Games.

Goalball players wear blindfolds. This is because some players can not see at all (they are totally blind), and some other players can still see a little bit. When players wear blindfolds, none of the players can see anything. This makes it fair for all the players. 

Goalball was invented in 1946 by Hanz Lorenzen and Sepp Reindle. They invented it to help veterans who became blind because of World War II.

Goalball was first played as part of the Paralympic Games during the 1976 Summer Paralympics. At first, only men played goalball in the Paralympics. Women first played goalball in the Paralympics at the 1984 Summer Paralympics.

In 1978, the first goalball championships were held in Vöcklamarkt, Austria.

Wader

Wader is a common term in ornithology for birds which walk about in shallow water. Sometimes they are called shore-birds. They are members of the order Charadriiformes, which are water birds. The Charadriiformes also includes marine-going seabirds with webbed feet. The evolutionary relationships of these birds are very complicated.

Most waders live in wetland or coastal environments. Many species of Arctic and temperate regions are strongly migratory, but tropical birds are often resident. Some of the Arctic species, such as little stint, are amongst the longest distance migrants, spending the non-breeding season in the southern hemisphere.

Most species eat small invertebrates picked out of mud or exposed soil. Different lengths of bills allow different species to feed in the same habitat without direct competition for food. Many waders have sensitive nerve endings at the end of their bills which let them detect prey hidden in mud or soft soil. Some larger species, especially those adapted to drier habitats, take larger prey like insects and small reptiles.

Many of the smaller species found in coastal habitats are often called "sandpipers". The smallest member of this group is the least sandpiper, small adults of which can weigh as little as 15.5 grams and measure just over 13 cm (5 inches). The largest species is believed to be the Far Eastern curlew, at about 63 cm (25 inches) and 860 grams (1.9 lb), although the beach thick-knee, is the heaviest at about 1 kg (2.2 lb).

Ruben Alvarez Serrano

Rubén Álvarez Serrano (born June 19, 1975 in Barcelona) is a T42 track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is missing part of one of his arms or legs. He jumped at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. He was not one of the best races. He jumped at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the triple jump. He finished first in the long jump. He jumped at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished third in the triple jump. 

Granada (disambiguation)

Granada is a city in Spain.

Granada might also mean:



Magda Amo Rius

Magda Amo Rius (born July 23, 1973 in Barcelona) is a track and field athlete and a ski athlete from Spain. She has a disability: she cannot see. She is a B2 type skier. She ski raced at the 1992 Winter Paralympics. She came in third in the giant slalom race. She ski raced at the 1994 Winter Paralympics. She came in second in the downhill race. She jumped at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She jumped the most long in the long jump. She ski raced at the 1998 Winter Paralympics. She finished first in the Giant, Super Giant, Slalom and Downhill races. 

Vicenta Arenas Mayor

Vicenta Arenas Mayor (born January 26, 1975 in Gandia) is a goalball athlete from Spain. She has a disability: she cannot see. She played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Her team was third. 

María Mercedes Capa Estrada

Maria Mercedes Capa Estrada (born August 23, 1980 in Valladolid) is a goalball athlete from Spain. She has a disability: she is blind and a B2 type goalball player. She played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Her team was third. 

Concepcion Hernandez Diaz

Concepcion Hernandez Diaz (born October 13, 1972 in Murcia) is a goalball player from Spain. She is blind and is a B2 type goalball player. She played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Her team was third. She played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. Her team was second. 

Chemical precipitation

Chemical precipitation is the making of a solid from a solution by a chemical reaction. When two or more solutions are mixed together and make a product that is not soluble, a precipitate is formed.

James Chilton

James Chilton ( 1556 1620). He was a passenger on "Mayflower" and was the oldest person on the ship.

Chilton was probably in Canterbury, England. "Chilton" is a very old family name in Canterbury. Chilton married and had a total of ten children. Unfortunately many of the children died young. They moved to Sandwich where Moses Fletcher also lived.

The Chiltons did not have the same religious beliefs as the Church of England. They were called Separatists. This religion was not allowed in England. He and his family left England and joined a religious group in Leiden, Holland. 
The Chiltons were not welcome by some people in Leiden. This may have been because of their religion. James and his daughter were attacked by several boys who threw rocks at them. When Chilton tried to speak to the crowd, he was struck in the head by a large cobblestone, and was knocked unconscious.

The Chilton family on the "Mayflower" consisted of James Chilton, the oldest Mayflower passenger, his wife, and their daughter Mary. Two of their daughters were married and stayed in Leiden. Isabella came over later in another ship.

The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

William Bradford was also a Mayflower passenger and he kept a journal of life in Plymouth Colony. The journal mentions the Chilton family. He states the Chiltons had another daughter who was married and came to Plymouth Colony later in another ship.

Chilton died on December 18, 1620. His wife died about a month after him during the "first sickness" but his daughters lived a long life. Chilton and his wife are named at the monument at Cole's Hill Burial Ground.

Swag (album)

Swag is the fourth solo album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Gilby Clarke, released in 2002.



Swag (TV series)

Swag was a British prank television show on channel Channel 5. It aired from 2002 to 2004. The general theme of the show was to trick members of the public into committing a minor crime (usually stealing) but then get face the consequences in one way or another. There were some pranks that were repeated on multiple occasions, while others were done only in one particular episode.

A very popular prank from the series was one where a car was parked on the side of a road with its keys in the door and left unlocked in order to tempt people to steal it. However, the car was fitted to lock when started and then do a variety of things, such as talk to the burglar or start snowing inside the car. They were eventually let out.

The show was created by Guy Ritchie and produced by his company SKA Films and the independent television company Monkey.

In one incident, a person enticed to steal an expensive car which was then filled with foam spotted the cameraman filming and stabbed him in the leg with a screwdriver.

A DVD of the first series was released on 19 September 2005, however there is still no word of series two on DVD.

Fort Minor

Fort Minor was an American hip hop music act from Los Angeles. It was a small side project of Mike Shinoda, who is better known as the rapper and co-founder of the band Linkin Park. Shinoda was the only member. He wanted to make this side-project because he only had limited vocal credited in Linkin Park and he could not always use hip-hop style. Fort Minor's first album was "The Rising Tied", which was released 22 November 2005.

Tat soi

Tatsoi is an Asian vegetable. It can also be called Spinach mustard, Spoon mustard or Rosette bok choy. It is green. It has become popular in North American cuisine. It is grown throughout the world.

Ricardo Fernández

Ricardo Fernandez Tio (born January 5, 1976 in Castellón) is a goalball athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot see anything. He is a B1 type goalball player. He played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. He played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. 

Hipolito González

Hipolito Gonzalez Calvo (born November 10, 1976 in Barcelona) is a goalball athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind. He is a B2 type goalball player. He played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. He played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. 

Sara Luna Santana

Sara Luna Santana (born April 16, 1977 in Barcelona) is a goalball player from Spain. She is blind. She is a type B2 goalball player. She played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Her team was third. She played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. Her team was second. 

Jessica Malagón Moreno

Jessica Malagon Moreno (born July 6, 1977 in Barcelona) is a goalball player from Spain. She is blind and is a type B2 goalball player. 

She played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Her team placed third. She also played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. Her team placed second. 

Jorge Mendoza

Jorge Mendoza Parrado (born June 15, 1972 in Barcelona) is a goalball athlete and track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a type B1 goalball player. He played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. He was as the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He threw the discus and javelin. 

Francisco Muñoz Sanchez

Francisco Muñoz Sanchez (born March 13, 1970 in Valencia) is a goalball athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he is blind and is a type B1 goalball player. He played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third.

María Begoña Redal Giraldos

Maria Begoña Redal Giraldos (born August 3, 1975 in Navarra) is a goalball player from Spain. She is blind and is a type B2 goalball player. She played goalball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Her team was third. She played goalball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. Her team was second. 

Jorge Rafael Videla

Jorge Rafael Videla (2 August 1925 – 17 May 2013) was a senior commander in the Argentine Army who was the "de facto" President of Argentina from 1976 to 1981.

Videla was born on 2 August 1925 in Mercedes, Buenos Aires, Argentina. He studied at the National Military College (Colegio Militar de la Nación). Videla married Alicia Raquel Hartridge in 1948.

Videla came to power in a coup d'état that deposed Isabel Martínez de Perón. After the return of a representative democratic government in 1983, he was prosecuted for large-scale human rights abuses and crimes against humanity that took place under his rule. These included:

Videla remained married to his wife Alicia until his death in 2013. They had seven children.

He was under house arrest until 10 October 2008, when he was sent to a military prison. On 22 December 2010, Videla was sentenced to life in a non-military prison for the deaths of 31 prisoners after his coup d'état. On 5 July 2012, Videla was sentenced to 50 years in prison for the systematic kidnapping of children during his tenure.

Videla died in his sleep on 17 May 2013, at the Marcos Paz Prison in Buenos Aires. He died from complications after falling in the shower. He was 87.


Ron Johnson

Ronald Harold "Ron" Johnson (born April 8, 1955) is the senior United States Senator for Wisconsin and a member of the Republican Party. He is associated with the Tea Party movement. Prior to his election to the Senate, he was chief executive officer of PACUR, LLC, a polyester and plastics manufacturer.

In October 2016, Johnson announced that he would not run for re-election in 2022.

Johnson was born on April 8, 1955 in Mankato, Minnesota. He is of a Norwegian-German. He studied at the University of Minnesota. Johnson is married to Jane Johnson. They have three children.

In October 2020, Johnson was diagnosed with COVID-19.


Tammy Baldwin

Tammy Suzanne Green Baldwin (born Tammy Suzanne Green Baldwin; February 11, 1962) is the junior United States Senator from Wisconsin and a member of the Democratic Party. She previously served as the U.S. Representative from Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district from 1999 to 2013, as well as serving three terms in the Wisconsin Assembly representing the 78th district.

Baldwin was born on February 11, 1962 in Madison, Wisconsin. She is of Russian-German descent. Baldwin studied at Smith College and at the University of Wisconsin, Madison. She is the first woman elected to represent Wisconsin in the Senate, and the first openly gay U.S. Senator in history.


Rob Portman

Robert Jones "Rob" Portman (born December 19, 1955) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the United States Senator from Ohio from 2011 to 2023. He served as the 14th United States Trade Representative and 35th Director of the Office of Management and Budget.

Portman was born on December 19, 1955 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He is of Scottish, Northern Irish, English, and German ancestry. Portman studied at Dartmouth College and at the University of Michigan. He is married to Jane Dudley. They have three children.

On January 25, 2021, he announced that he would not be running for reelection to a third term in 2022.


2000 Summer Paralympics

The 2000 Summer Paralympics took place in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. 3,881 athletes from 122 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, Les Autres, and intellectually disability. 

Sherrod Brown

Sherrod Campbell Brown (born November 9, 1952) is an American politician. In 2023, he was the senior United States Senator from Ohio. Brown is a member of the Democratic Party. Before his election to the Senate, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives, representing Ohio's 13th congressional district from 1993 to 2007. He previously served as the Ohio Secretary of State (1983–1991) and a member of the Ohio House of Representatives (1974–1982).

After winning his third term in 2018, Brown was seen as a potential candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2020 and began exploring a run in January 2019. On March 7, 2019, he announced that he would not run for president.

Brown was born on November 9, 1952 in Mansfield, Ohio. His ancestors the Campbells were slave owners who forced many Cherokee people out of Georgia, in acts of genocide. Brown studied at Yale University and at Ohio State University. 

He was married to Larke Ummel until they divorced in 1987. He is currently married to Connie Schultz.


2008 Summer Paralympics

The 2008 Summer Paralympics took place in Beijing, China. 3,951 athletes from 146 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, and Les Autres. 

Chuck Schumer

Charles Ellis "Chuck" Schumer (born November 23, 1950) is the senior United States Senator from New York. He is a member of the Democratic Party and the Majority Leader of the Senate, succeeding Republican Mitch McConnell in 2021.

Before his election to the U.S. Senate, Schumer served in the United States House of Representatives from 1981 to 1999. He represented New York's 16th congressional district, which was later redistricted to the 10th congressional district in 1983 and to the 9th congressional district in 1993. 

In 2015, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada announced his retirement. Reid quickly supported Schumer to replace him as the new Senate Minority Leader. On November 16, 2016, Schumer was elected as the senate's new minority leader. He assumed this position on January 3, 2017.

Schumer was born on November 23, 1950 in Brooklyn, New York. His family is Jewish, descended from immigrants from Russia, Poland, and Austria. He studied at Harvard College and Harvard Law School, he was a three-term member of the New York State Assembly, serving from 1975 to 1980. Schumer is married to Iris Weinshall. They have two children.


1996 Summer Paralympics

The 1996 Summer Paralympics took place in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. 3,259 athletes from 104 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, Les Autres, and intellectually disability. 

1992 Summer Paralympics

The 1992 Summer Paralympics took place in Barcelona, Spain. 3,001 athletes from 83 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, and Les Autres. 

1988 Summer Paralympics

The 1988 Summer Paralympics took place in Seoul, South Korea. 3,057 athletes from 61 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, and Les Autres. 

Kirsten Gillibrand

Kirsten Elizabeth Rutnik Gillibrand (born December 9, 1966) is an American politician and the junior United States Senator from New York since 2009. She is a member of the Democratic Party and former member of the United States House of Representatives from New York's 20th congressional district.

In January 2019, Gillibrand announced her plans to run for President of the United States in the 2020 election. She made a formal announcement on March 17, 2019. She ended her campaign on August 28, 2019.

On December 1, 2008, President-elect Barack Obama announced Hillary Clinton, the junior U.S. Senator from New York, as Secretary of State. Clinton was confirmed and resigned her senate seat. The announcement began a two-month search process to fill her empty Senate seat. Under New York law, the governor appoints a replacement. A special election would then be held in November 2010 for the remainder of the full term, which ended in January 2013. Governor David Paterson picked Gillibrand on January 23, 2009.

Gillibrand has moved her political positions and ideology toward a liberal, progressive position since her appointment to the Senate. Gillibrand was an important part of the successful campaign to repeal "Don't Ask, Don't Tell". In March 2011, Gillibrand co-sponsored the PROTECT IP Act, which would restrict access to web sites judged to be infringing copyrights. In 2013, Gillibrand proposed the unsuccessful legislation that would remove sexual assault cases from the military chain of command; the bill was cosponsored by Republican senators Rand Paul and Ted Cruz.

In November 2017, Gillibrand made national news when she said that President Bill Clinton should have resigned from office when his affair with Monica Lewinsky was revealed.

In January 2019, Gillibrand announced that she is formally exploring a run for President of the United States in the 2020 election while on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert". The next day, Gillibrand announced her candidacy for President. She made it official on March 17, 2019. After failing to qualify for the third debate in September, Gillibrand ended her campaign on August 28, 2019.

Gillibrand was born on December 9, 1966 in Albany, New York. She studied at Dartmouth College and the University of California, Los Angeles. Gillibrand has been married to Jonathan Gillibrand since 2001. They have two children.


1984 Summer Paralympics

The 1984 Summer Paralympics took place in New York City. 1,800 athletes from 45 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, and Les Autres.

1980 Summer Paralympics

The 1980 Summer Paralympics took place in Arnhem, Netherlands. 1,973 athletes from 42 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, cerebral palsy, and Les Autres. 

1976 Summer Paralympics

The 1976 Summer Paralympics took place in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 1,657 athletes from 38 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury, amputee, blindness, and Les Autres. 

1972 Summer Paralympics

The 1972 Summer Paralympics took place in Heidelberg, West Germany. 984 athletes from 43 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury. 

Sheldon Whitehouse

Sheldon Whitehouse (born October 20, 1955) is an American politician and the junior United States Senator from Rhode Island, serving since 2007. He is a member of the Democratic Party and previously served as a United States Attorney from 1993 to 1998 and as the Attorney General of Rhode Island from 1999 to 2003.

Whitehouse was born on October 20, 1955 in New York City, New York. He studied at Yale University and at the University of Virginia. Whitehouse has been married to Sandra Thornton since 1986. They have two children.


1968 Summer Paralympics

The 1968 Summer Paralympics took place in Tel Aviv, Israel. 750 athletes from 29 countries were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury.

1964 Summer Paralympics

The 1964 Summer Paralympics took place in Tokyo, Japan. 375 athletes from 21 were at the Games. People with these types of disabilities competed at the games: spinal injury.

1960 Summer Paralympics

The 1960 Summer Paralympics took place in Rome, Italy. 400 athletes from 23 countries were at the Games. People with spinal injuries competed at the games.

Governor of Illinois

The governor of Illinois is the head of state and government of the U.S. state of Illinois and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor is also the chairperson of the state government cabinet.

J. B. Pritzker is the 43rd and current governor of Illinois, in office since January 2019.

The governor has the duty to enforce state laws and the power either to approve or veto bills passed by the Illinois General Assembly to convene the legislature, and to grant pardons except in cases of treason and impeachment.

Under the Constitution of Illinois, a person must:


The governor is elected by the people through the popular election to a four year term, along with the lieutenant gubernatorial candidate or the incumbent lieutenant governor as their running mate. The candidate or incumbent governor must have the majority of the popular vote in order to win the election.

If the governor dies, resigns or is impeached from office, the lieutenant governor ranks first in the line of succession and will assume the office, powers and duties as governor.

Taylor County, Florida

Taylor County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on December 23, 1856. As of 2020, 21,796 people lived there. Taylor County's seat is Perry.

Putnam County, Florida

Putnam County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on January 18, 1849. As of 2020, 73,321 people lived there. Putnam County's seat is Palatka.


Jack Reed

John Francis "Jack" Reed (born November 12, 1949) is the senior United States Senator from Rhode Island, serving since 1997. A member of the Democratic Party, he previously served in the United States House of Representatives for from 1991 to 1997.

Reed was born on November 12, 1949 in Cranston, Rhode Island. He studied at Harvard University. Reed has been married to Julia Hart since 2005. They have one daughter.


Suwannee County, Florida

Suwannee County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on December 21, 1858. As of 2020, 43,474 people lived there. Suwannee County's seat is Live Oak.


Walton County, Florida

Walton County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. It was formed on December 29, 1824. As of 2020, 75,305 people lived there. Walton County's seat is DeFuniak Springs.


Manuel Berzal Burgos

Manuel Berzal Burgos (born February 16, 1962 in Madrid) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is 4.5 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 60-66 to finish third.

William Stratton

William Grant Stratton (February 26, 1914 – March 2, 2001), known as "Billy the Kid", was the 32nd Governor of Illinois from 1953 to 1961, succeeding Adlai Stevenson II in that office.

Stratton was born on February 26, 1914 in Ingleside, Lake County, Illinois.

He won the Republican nomination for Governor in 1952, then defeated Lt. Governor Sherwood Dixon to become the youngest governor in America at that time.

Stratton was re-elected Governor in 1956. In 1960 he ran for an unprecedented third consecutive term, but was defeated by Democrat Otto Kerner, Jr.

Stratton was acquitted on charges of tax evasion in 1965. In 1968, he ran in the Republican primary for Governor and was defeated by Richard B. Ogilvie.

Stratton died on March 2, 2001 from natural causes in Chicago, Illinois from natural causes, aged 87.

José Cobos Benitez

Jose Cobos Benitez (born January 2, 1963 in Málaga) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 3 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Diego De Paz Pazo

Diego de Paz Pazo (born September 25, 1971 in Sevilla) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is 4 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. He played wheelchair basketball at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. His team was fifth. They beat Germany 67-48 to finish fifth. 

Len Small

Lennington "Len" Small (June 16, 1862 – May 17, 1936) was an American politician. He served as the 26th Governor of Illinois, from 1921 to 1929. He also served as a member of the Illinois state senate from the 16th District from 1901 to 1903 and was Illinois state treasurer, from 1905 to 1907, and from 1917 to 1919.

Small was born on June 16, 1862 in Kankakee County, Illinois. He studied at Valparaiso University.

Small was indicted in office for corruption. He was acquitted; thereafter, eight of the jurors received state jobs. Among his defense lawyers was former governor Joseph W. Fifer, who asserted, in pre-trial hearings, that the governorship has the divine right of kings.

Small died on May 17, 1936 in Springfield, Illinois from heart failure, aged 73. 


Alex Dreier

Alex Dreier (June 26, 1916 – March 11, 2000) was an American news reporter and commentator who worked with NBC Radio during the 1940s, and later with the ABC Information Radio network in the 1960s and early '70s. He won 7 Emmy Awards throughout his career.

Dreier was born on June 26, 1916 in Honolulu, Hawaii. He was married to Geraldine Izatt Hogan Penrith. They had no children. Dreier died on March 11, 2001 in Rancho Mirage, California from heart failure, aged 83.


MetLife Stadium

MetLife Stadium is the home football stadium of the New York Giants and New York Jets. It is in East Rutherford, New Jersey, part of the New York metropolitan area. It is located near the site of Giants Stadium, which was the home stadium of the New Jersey Giants from 1976 until December 2009 and the New Jersey Jets from 1984 until January 2010. It opened on April 10, 2010. It is one of the two NFL stadiums shared by two teams.


Antonio Henares Sierra

Antonio Henares Sierra (born November 21, 1956 in Málaga) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is 4 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Our Lady of Fatima

Our Lady of Fatima is a Roman Catholic title for the Virgin Mary due to her apparitions to three shepherd children, Lucia Santos, and her two cousins, Jacinta and Francisco Marto. The apparition is believed to have appeared at the town of Fátima, Portugal on the thirteenth day of six consecutive months in 1917, starting on May 13. Her name in Portuguese is Nossa Senhora de Fátima. She is also called Our Lady of the Rosary or Our Lady of the Rosary of Fatima.

On May 13, 1917, Lucia and her two cousins, Jacinta and Francisco Marto, were herding sheep at a location known as Cova da Iria, near their hometown village, Fatima. Lúcia described seeing a woman "brighter than the sun, shedding rays of light clearer and stronger than a crystal ball filled with the most sparkling water and pierced by the burning rays of the sun." Amazed, Lucia and her cousins ran back to their village and told everyone what they saw. Further appearances of the Virgin Mary were reported on the thirteenth day of the month in June and July. In these, the Virgin Mary asked the children to do acts of penance and Acts of Reparation as well as personal sacrifice to save sinners. The children subsequently wore tight cords around their waists to cause themselves pain, performed self-flagellation using stinging nettles, abstained from drinking water on hot days, and performed other works of penance. According to Lúcia's account, in the course of her appearances, the woman confided to the children three secrets, now known as the Three Secrets of Fátima.
As early as July 1917, it was claimed that the Virgin Mary promised a miracle for the last of her apparitions on October 13, so that all could believe. What happened became known as "The Miracle of the Sun." A huge crowd with about 70,000 people came to witness this miracle. People who witnessed this miracle said that they saw the "Sun dance." They also said that they could look at the sun without any problems. As the crowd was looking at the sun, Lucio, Jacinta, and Fransisco said they saw lovely images of the Holy Family, Our Lady of Sorrows with Jesus Christ, and then Our Lady of Mount Carmel. They said they saw Saint Joseph and Jesus bless the people.
The first vision of Fatima was a vision of hell which Lúcia describes in her Third Memoir, as follows:

"Our Lady showed us a great sea of fire which seemed to be under the earth. Plunged in this fire were demons and souls in human form, like transparent burning embers, all blackened or burnished bronze, floating about in the conflagration, now raised into the air by the flames that issued from within themselves together with great clouds of smoke, now falling back on every side like sparks in a huge fire, without weight or equilibrium, and amid shrieks and groans of pain and despair, which horrified us and made us tremble with fear. The demons could be distinguished by their terrifying and repulsive likeness to frightful and unknown animals, all black and transparent. This vision lasted but an instant. How can we ever be grateful enough to our kind heavenly Mother, who had already prepared us by promising, in the first Apparition, to take us to heaven. Otherwise, I think we would have died of fear and terror."

The second secret included Mary's instructions on how to save souls from hell and convert the world to the Christian faith, also revealed by Lúcia in her Third Memoir:

"I have seen hell where the souls of poor sinners go. To save them, God wishes to establish in the world devotion to my Immaculate Heart. If what I say to you is done, many souls will be saved and there will be peace. The war is going to end: but if people do not cease offending God, a worse one will break out during the Pontificate of Pius XI. When you see a night illuminated by an unknown light, know that this is the great sign given you by God that he is about to punish the world for its crimes, by means of war, famine, and persecutions of the Church and of the Holy Father. To prevent this, I shall come to ask for the consecration of Russia to my Immaculate Heart, and the Communion of reparation on the First Saturdays. If my requests are heeded, Russia will be converted, and there will be peace; if not, she will spread her errors throughout the world, causing wars and persecutions of the Church. The good will be martyred; the Holy Father will have much to suffer; various nations will be annihilated. In the end, my Immaculate Heart will triumph. The Holy Father will consecrate Russia to me, and she shall be converted, and a period of peace will be granted to the world."

The Third Secret was never revealed by the Holy See until June 26, 2000. The third secret, a vision of the death of the Pope and other religious figures, was transcribed by the Bishop of Leiria and reads:

"After the two parts which I have already explained, at the left of Our Lady and a little above, we saw an Angel with a flaming sword in his left hand; flashing, it gave out flames that looked as though they would set the world on fire; but they died out in contact with the splendour that Our Lady radiated towards him from her right hand: pointing to the earth with his right hand, the Angel cried out in a loud voice: 'Penance, Penance, Penance!'. And we saw in an immense light that is God: 'something similar to how people appear in a mirror when they pass in front of it' a Bishop dressed in White 'we had the impression that it was the Holy Father'. Other Bishops, Priests, men and women Religious going up a steep mountain, at the top of which there was a big Cross of rough-hewn trunks as of a cork-tree with the bark; before reaching there the Holy Father passed through a big city half in ruins and half trembling with halting step, afflicted with pain and sorrow, he prayed for the souls of the corpses he met on his way; having reached the top of the mountain, on his knees at the foot of the big Cross he was killed by a group of soldiers who fired bullets and arrows at him, and in the same way there died one after another the other Bishops, Priests, men and women Religious, and various lay people of different ranks and positions. Beneath the two arms of the Cross there were two Angels each with a crystal aspersorium in his hand, in which they gathered up the blood of the Martyrs and with it sprinkled the souls that were making their way to God."
Eight years after the Fátima events, Sister Lúcia was living in a Dorothean convent in Pontevedra, Spain. She reported that on December 10, 1925 she experienced another apparition of the Blessed Virgin Mary. On this occasion, in Sister Lucia's own words, the Virgin returned as She had promised at Fatima to relate the specific requirements for the Communion of Reparation on the First Saturdays.
Here is how Sister Lúcia describes the appearance: "The Most Holy Virgin appeared to me, and by her side, elevated on a luminous cloud, was the Child Jesus. The Most Holy Virgin rested her hand on my shoulder and as she did so, she showed me a heart encircled by thorns, which she was holding in her other hand."
During this alleged apparition, the Child Jesus asked Sister Lúcia to have compassion on His Mother, referring to her as the heavenly mother of Sister Lúcia. Later On February 15, 1926 Lucia reported to have seen the child Jesus when emptying a garbage can in the garden. The child (Jesus) told Lucia to not do any more promoting for the first First Saturday's devotion.
At this point, the Virgin Mary is said to have set the parameters of the Five First Saturdays devotion. If one fulfilled these conditions on the First Saturday of five consecutive months, the Virgin Mary promised special graces at the hour of death.
The devotion of the Communion of Reparation on the Five First Saturdays, mentioned by the Virgin at Fátima on July 13, 1917, and then confirmed at Pontevedra as described above, some believe is an essential part of the Message of Fátima.



Juan José Lara Ortiz

Juan Jose Lara Ortiz (born November 30, 1965 in Sevilla) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is 1 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Wheelchair basketball

Wheelchair basketball is a type of basketball for people who use wheelchairs.

Types in wheelchair basketball plays an important undertakings in the sport as the order uses total points of players to come to a decision about who can be on the basketball court. The system of ordering for the sport are 1 point player, 2 point player, 3 point player, 4 point player and 4.5 point player. The higher the point number, the greater the player's able to use body power to play wheelchair basketball. With five players on the basketball count, the total number of points may not be greater than fourteen. There has been supported views put forward as to errors of the order system as being overly complex from players, coaches and leagues. These criticisms have been printed materials in theory but not doing research made public in 1986, 1990, 1995 and 1997. 

At times, players may not easily go into into a type for a full point. For this reason, they can be put in order in between, such as 1.5 points, 2.5 points, and 3.5 points. Classifiers are said words tending to stop from giving to this half point order as a competitors first order. They are said to do on the second order.


Eduardo Lopez Riaza

Eduardo Lopez Riaza (born December 29, 1964 in Pozuelo de Alarcón) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 1 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Peter Schulz

Peter Schulz (25 April 1930 – 17 May 2013) was a German politician, member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and First Mayor of Hamburg (1971 – 1974).

Schulz was born in Rostock. He studied law at the University of Hamburg and after his graduation in 1958 Schulz founded his own office. Schulz died on 17 May 2013 in Hamburg, Germany, aged 83.


Phil Ponce

Phil Ponce (born 1949) is a Chicago television journalist who hosts "Chicago Tonight", a nightly television magazine of news and culture on WTTW 11.

Ponce grew up in East Chicago, Indiana. He graduated from Bishop Noll Institute in Hammond, Indiana. He then attended Indiana University and received a B.A. in English in 1971. He is married to Ann Ponce. They have three children. They live in Ravenswood, Chicago.

Pablo Martin Arteaga

Pablo Martin Arteaga (born September 27, 1965 in Valladolid) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 2.5 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Betsy Palmer

Betsy Palmer (born Patricia Betsy Hrunek; November 1, 1926 – May 29, 2015) was an American actress, best known as a regular panelist on the game show "I've Got a Secret", and later for playing Pamela Voorhees in the slasher movie "Friday the 13th".

Palmer was born on November 1, 1926 in East Chicago, Indiana. She was of Czech descent. Palmer was raised in Chicago, Illinois. She studied at DePaul University. Palmer was married to Vincent J. Merandino from 1954 until they divorced in 1971. They had one daughter.

Palmer died from natural causes on May 29, 2015 in Danbury, Connecticut, aged 88.


Eustaquio Mira Ramos

Eustaquio Mira Ramos (born January 2, 1962 in Sevilla) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 3 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Garry Moore

Garry Moore (Thomas Garrison Morfit III; January 31, 1915 – November 28, 1993) was an American entertainer, actor, game show host and comedian. He was best known for his work in television. Moore entered show business as a radio personality in the 1940s. He was a television host on several game and variety show programs during the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s.

He hosted "The Garry Moore Show", and the game shows "I've Got a Secret" and "To Tell the Truth". He became known for his bow ties and his crew cut, though he stopped both fashions later in his career.

Moore was born on January 31, 1915 in Baltimore, Maryland. He studied at Baltimore City College. Moore was married to Eleanor "Nell" Borum Little from 1939 until her death in 1974. Then he was married to Mary Elizabeth De Chant from 1975 until his death in 1993. 

Moore was diagnosed with throat cancer in 1976. He died on November 28, 1993 in Hilton Head, North Carolina from emphysema, aged 78.


Manuel Perez Luna

Manuel Perez Luna (born April 1, 1966 in Málaga) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 2 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Shadrach Bond

Shadrach Bond (November 24, 1773 – April 12, 1832) was a representative from Illinois Territory to the United States Congress. In 1818, he was elected the first Governor of Illinois, becoming the new state's first chief executive. In an example of American politics during the Era of Good Feelings, Bond was elected to both positions without opposition.

Bond was born on November 24, 1773 in Frederick, Maryland. He was never married and had no children. Bond died on April 12, 1832 in Kaskaskia, Illinois from pneumonia, aged 58.


Manuel Rodríguez Navarro

Manuel Rodriguez Navarro (born January 8, 1969 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 4 point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third. 

Ninian Edwards

Ninian Edwards (March 17, 1775 – July 20, 1833) was a founding political figure of the state of Illinois. He was the only governor of the Illinois Territory from 1809 to 1818. He was one of the first two United States Senators from Illinois (from 1818 to 1824). He was the third Governor of Illinois (from 1826 to 1830). In a time and place where personal coalitions were more influential than parties, Edwards led one of the two main factions in frontier Illinois politics. 

Edwards was born on March 17, 1775 in Montgomery County, Maryland. He was married to Elvira Lane until his death in 1833. They had four children. Edwards died on July 20, 1833 in Belleville, Illinois from cholera, aged 58.

José María Sole Chavero

Jose Maria Sole Chavero (born July 3, 1969 in Sant Feliu Guixols) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 1-point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third.

Jesús Torres Fernández

Jesus Torres Fernandez (born May 2, 1960 in Madrid) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is a 2-point wheelchair basketball player. He played wheelchair basketball at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. His team was third. They beat the United States 66-60 to finish third.

Edward Coles

Edward Coles (December 15, 1786 – July 7, 1868) was the second Governor of Illinois, serving from 1822 to 1826.

From 1810 to 1815, Coles was secretary to James Madison. He was a neighbor and anti-slavery associate of Thomas Jefferson. He freed his slaves in 1819.

Coles was born on December 15, 1786 in Albemarle County, Virginia. He studied at The College of William & Mary. Coles was married to Sally Logan Roberts from 1809 until his death in 1868. They had no children. Coles died on July 7, 1868 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from natural causes, aged 81.


Richard B. Ogilvie

Richard Buell Ogilvie (February 22, 1923 – May 10, 1988) was the 35th Governor of Illinois. He was governor from 1969 to 1973. Obilvie was wounded in World War II. In the 1960s, before becoming governor, he became known as the mafia-fighting sheriff of Cook County, Illinois.

Ogilvie was born on February 22, 1923 in Kansas City, Missouri. He studied at Yale University. Ogilvie was married to Dorthy Shriver. They had no children. Ogilvie died on May 10, 1988 from a heart attack in Chicago, Illinois, aged 65.

Samuel H. Shapiro

Samuel Harvey Shapiro (born Israel Shapiro; April 25, 1907 – March 16, 1987) was the 34th Governor of Illinois, serving from 1968 to 1969. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Shapiro was born on April 25, 1907 in Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire. When he was young he moved to the United States. Shapiro was never married and had no children. Shapiro died on March 16, 1987 from a heart attack in Kankakee, Illinois, aged 79.

List of governors of Illinois

This is a list of the governors of Illinois. Illinois is a state in America. Illinois became a state in 1818.

It had only one governor appointed by the President of the United States before it became a state. From March to June, 1809, Territorial Secretary Nathaniel Pope was the acting governor. Edwards' arrival in Illinois ended Pope's brief administration.

The table below shows who the state governors have been.

, five former governors were alive. The most recent death of a former governor was that of James R. Thompson (1977–1991), who died on August 14, 2020.

Luís Bullido Arroyo

Luis Bullido Arroyo (born October 9, 1978 in Toledo) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot see. He became blind when he was 18 years old. He is B1/T11 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He was not one of the three fastest athletes in the 400 metre race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 400 metre race and the 400 metre T11 - T13 relay. He raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 200 metre race and third in the 100 metre race. 

Cesar Carlavilla Cubillo

Cesar Carlavilla Cubillo (born March 9, 1977 in Madrid) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: he cannot see. He is B2/T12 type athlete. He raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. He finished second in the 1500 metre race. He raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. He finished first in the 800 metre race and the 1500 metre race. He finished second in the 4 X 400 metre T11 - T13 race. 

Francisca Bazalo Gallego

Francisca Bazalo Gallego (born May 5, 1962 in Málaga) is a wheelchair fencing athlete from Spain. She has a disability: she uses a wheelchair. She fenced at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. She did not finish in the top 3. She fenced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished third in the foil and third in the sabre. She fenced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. She did not finish in the top 3. 

Ana Belen Bernardo Zamora

Ana Belen Bernardo Zamora (born March 20, 1976 in Aviles) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability where she is missing or cannot use an arm or leg below the elbow or knee, and is an S10 type swimmer. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She finished in third in the 100 meter Butterfly race and third in the 4 x 100 Relay swimming race. She finished 8th in the 100 meter Freestyle race. She finished fifth in the 400 meter Freestyle race. 

Luisa Regina Cachan Muñoz

Luisa Regina Cachan Muñoz (born January 21, 1979 in Aviles) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a disability where she cannot use her legs and can only use some of her arms and hands, and is an S4 type swimmer. She raced at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. She did not finish as the first, second or third swimmer. She raced at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. She did not finish as the first, second or third swimmer. She raced at the 2000 Summer Paralympics. She did not finish as the first, second or third swimmer. She raced at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. She finished second in the 4 x 50 meter 20pts Relay.

Kidnapping of Jaycee Lee Dugard

The kidnapping of Jaycee Lee Dugard happened June 10, 1991 near South Lake Tahoe, California, United States. Dugard (born May 3, 1980) was 11 years old at that time and was abducted from a street while walking home from a school bus stop. She remained missing for over eighteen years. She was held prisoner by a married couple. She was rescued in August 2009. The kidnappers pleaded guilty to kidnapping and other charges and were sentenced to many years in prison.

Cyclone Sidr

Very Severe Cyclonic Storm Sidr was an incredibly powerful and devastating tropical system. It resulted in one of the worst natural disasters in Bangladesh history. Between 3,000 and 10,000 people died because of this extremely powerful cyclone and damage totaled around $1.7 billion (USD). The cyclone happened in November 2007.

The New Art Gallery Walsall

The New Art Gallery Walsall is an art gallery. It is in Walsall, England. It displays modern art.

The gallery cost £21 million. That includes £15.75 million which was donated by the UK National Lottery. It also includes money from the European Regional Development Fund.

The Gallery is funded by Walsall Council and Arts Council England. It also gets money from grants and from its shop. Admission is free. Its first Director was Peter Jenkinson. In May 2005, Stephen Snoddy was appointed as Director.

The building was designed by the architects Caruso St John. It opened in January 2000. Before that, the artworks were in the town's old gallery The New Art Gallery's building won several architectural awards. Over 237,000 people visited it in its first year. In 2000 the gallery was shortlisted for the Sterling Architecture Prize.

The Gallery is home to the Garman Ryan Collection of sculptures and paintings by modern masters. These include a large selection of work by Jacob Epstein. It also includes many significant works by European artists including Van Gogh, Monet, Turner, Corot, Renoir and Constable. There are prints, sketches, drawings, paintings and sculptures. The collection was donated to the people of Walsall in 1973 by Epstein's wife Kathleen Garman (Lady Epstein) and her friend Sally Ryan.

In 2006 the gallery bought the Epstein Archive. The archive is a collection of photographs, documents and sketches by Jacob Epstein. It also includes letters between Jacob and his family and friends. There are letters between Epstein and the people who bought and sold his work.

The gallery also has works by more recent artists. These include Gavin Turk, Hew Locke, Mike Nelson, Yoshihiro Suda, Dorothy Cross, Laura Ford, Darren Lago, Estelle Thompson, Richard Woods, Yinka Shonibare and Rose Finn-Kelcey.

It also holds exhibitions of work borrowed from other galleries. Those exhibitions are temporary.

The New Art Gallery has Wi-Fi in every room. Visitors can use this Wi-Fi for free.

The Gallery has an Art Library. Anyone can visit the library. In the library, people can read books about art history.

There is a Costa Coffee on the ground floor.


Waltz (music)

Waltz music is written in 3/4 time (three beats per bar). The music is both dance music and art music. The Strauss family were perhaps the most famous of all waltz composers: notably Johann Strauss I, and Johann Strauss II the composer of the famous "The Blue Danube".

Waltzes typically have one chord per measure, and the accompaniment style particularly associated with the waltz is (as seen in the example to the right) to play the root of the chord on the first beat, the upper notes on the second and third beats.

The origins of the dance are in late 18th century Germany, probably from a folk dance called the "Lander". Today the music is danced in two forms, the Viennese waltz and the English or Slow waltz (now often called the International waltz). The choreography of these modern forms is different from the original dance. There are also a number of ballets which feature waltz music.

Monocle

A monocle is a glass lens worn in one eye to make a person's sight better. They are not worn as much today because glasses have gotten much better.


Martha Nussbaum

Martha Craven Nussbaum (born May 6, 1947 in New York City) is an American feminist philosopher. She is a professor at the University of Chicago and has written books on ethics, feminism and religion and has a particular interest in India.

She studied at New York University and Harvard University.

In 2008 she officially converted to Judaism.


Tom's Diner

"Tom's Diner" is a single originally by Suzanne Vega. It was first released in the 1980s. It did not become very popular until very early 1990. It was taken off a New York City restaurant, which was later fictionalized for "Seinfeld". The remix version of the song went on to become very popular.

Chinese Rail DF4

Chinese Rail DF4 is a kind of diesel locomotive used in China. It was built by Dalian Locomotive & Rolling Stock Works. It has been in production since 1969 and is still produced as of 1984. 

The first DF4 was built in 1969 in Dalian. The first 108 locomotives used the 16V240ZJ engine. It took seven years to build all 108 locomotives of this type.

But the first ever is a permanent exhibition at the Beijing Railway Museum, and the second "Mao Zedong" is a permanent exhibition at the Fengtai Yard, Beijing Railway Bureau.

The DF4A used an improved engine, the 16V240ZJA. Production started in 1976 and lasted until 1984.

DF4s have been manufactured by several companies:

Bruce Cabot

Bruce Cabot (April 20, 1904 – May 3, 1972) was an American movie actor. He played Jack Driscoll in the original "King Kong" (1933). He was married three times. He was friends with Errol Flynn and John Wayne. He appeared in many of Wayne's movies. He died in 1972 in California from cancer. 


Robert Armstrong (actor)

Robert Armstrong (November 20, 1890 – April 20, 1973) was an American movie and television actor. He played Carl Denham in the original "King Kong" (1933).

Google Books

Google Books is a website run by Google. It lets you search and browse books and magazines that have been scanned in. The text of the books has been made searchable using optical character recognition (OCR). The site has been known under different names including Google Print and Google Book Search. It was announced and launched in 2004.

In 2005, book publishers sued Google for "massive copyright infringement" for scanning books without permission. Google claimed that this was fair use. Google has been sued in a number of countries over copyright issues related to Google Books.

GNU Affero General Public License

The GNU Affero General Public License is a copyleft license for software that is intended to be run on web servers like web applications. Like the GNU General Public License, the Affero license allows you to use, copy and change the code of software, but requires that you release your changes if you distribute the software or you run a modified copy on a web server on the Internet.

The Affero license is intended to make it harder for people to avoid releasing modifications to free software by running the software as a Web service (see software as a service).



Chinese Rail DF4B

The DF4B (4B) is a kind of diesel locomotive used in China. It was built by Dalian Locomotive & Rolling Stock Works.It has been in production since 1984 and is still produced as of 2012.It is the most common locomotive in China and is used for both passenger and freight services.

DF4B is called "Armed Police" or "Watermelon" (freight version), and "Orange" (passenger version).

DF4B have been manufactured by several companies:

Willis O'Brien

Willis O'Brien (1886 – November 8, 1962) was a special effects creator and director. He did the special effects for "The Lost World" (1925), "King Kong" (1933), and "Mighty Joe Young" (1949). He won the 1950 Academy Award for Special Effects for "Mighty Joe Young".

Mighty Joe Young

Mighty Joe Young is a 1949 movie about a giant gorilla. Willis O'Brien won an Academy Award for the special effects in the movie. It stars Terry Moore, Robert Armstrong (who played in another giant gorilla movie called "King Kong" in 1933) and Ben Johnson in his movie debut (first movie). "Mighty Joe Young" was remade in 1998 starring Charlize Theron and Bill Paxton.

The Son of Kong

The Son of Kong is a 1933/1934 pre-code horror-comedy adventure monster movie. It is the sequel and final film of RKO's King Kong series and the second film to the original "King Kong" of 1933. It stars Robert Armstrong. He played Carl Denham in "Kong". Willis O'Brien did the special effects for both movies. The sequel movie got bad reviews. followed by "King Kong vs. Godzilla" in 1963, for 30 years absence of the franchise. featuring Kiko an 4-meter albino furred giant gorilla after Kong's killed by biplanes top an Empire State Building.

King Kong (1976 movie)

King Kong is a 1976 Italian-American horror-adventure fantasy monster remake of the original "King Kong" of 1933. produced by Paramount Pictures and Dino De Laurentiis Productions. It was directed by John Guillermin. It stars Jeff Bridges and Jessica Lange and Rick Baker/Peter Cullen as Kong. The movie features the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center which the 12-meter ape Kong climbs.

King Kong (2005 movie)

King Kong (2005) is an American giant gorilla movie set in 1933. It is a remake of the original "King Kong" movie of 1933. The remake stars Naomi Watts, Jack Black, and Adrien Brody. The movie is about a giant gorilla and his love for a human woman. The original movie was also remade in 1976 starring Jessica Lange.


Nabonga

Nabonga is a 1943 giant gorilla movie starring Buster Crabbe and Julie London. It tells of a young adventurer (Crabbe) searching for money stolen from his father's bank many years in the past. In Africa, he learns the money is in the hands of a "white witch" in the jungle (London) who is guarded by a giant gorilla.

Buster Crabbe

Clarence Linden "Buster" Crabbe II (February 7, 1908 – April 23, 1983) was an American Olympic swimmer, and a movie and television actor. He won a gold medal in the 400-meter freestyle at the 1932 Summer Olympics and for playing science fiction hero Flash Gordon in three movie serials. He is the only actor to have played the three most popular pulp fiction heroes of the 1930s — Flash Gordon, Buck Rogers, and Tarzan.

Crabbe started swimming as a boy. He went to the University of Southern California, and was a member of its first swim team. He trained as an Olympics swimmer, and won a bronze medal in the 1928 Summer Olympics and a gold medal in the 1932 Summer Olympics. He won 16 world and 35 national records during his swimming career.

After the 1932 Olympics, he went to Hollywood. He played the heroes in 103 feature length jungle, crime, drama, and western B-movies as well as the heroes in nine movie serials. In the late 1940s, Crabbe left movies to put together his own water show. He got into debt and looked for ways to make money. He turned to television.

He was the host a children's series in New York City and starred in an NBC adventure series called "Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion". His debts were paid, but his acting skills grew less in demand. He developed several business interests including Buster Crabbe Swim Pools. He retired to Scottsdale, Arizona, and died there of a heart attack in 1983.

Crabbe was born on February 7, 1908 in Oakland, California to Edward Clinton Simmons Crabbe and Lucy Agnes McNamara Crabbe. His father was a real estate broker. He was named Clarence Linden Crabbe after his grandfather. Clarence had a brother named Edward Clinton Simmons Crabbe II who was a year younger. He was named for their father. Clarence was nicknamed "Buster" and Edward II was nicknamed "Buddy". Both boys kept these nicknames for the rest of their lives.

Buster's ancestors include Captain John Meek, a Massachusetts man who chose a life on the sea. Meek married an Hawaiian girl in 1820, and lived in the Hawaiian Islands. Their daughter Elizabeth married an American sailor named Horace Gates Crabb. Horace added an "e" to his last name. Elizabeth and Horace had a son in 1861 they named Charles Linden Crabbe. He went to the United States at the age of 20 to work on the railroads. He lived in Nevada, and married Emma Rich in 1881. In 1882, Charles and Emma became the parents of Edward Clinton Simmons Crabbe, Buster's father.

After four years in Nevada, Charles moved his family to Hawaii. He later went into the Hawaii State Senate. His son Edward went to school in Hawaii and then to college at the University of California, Berkeley. He dropped out of college to sell real estate in the San Francisco area. Edward Crabbe married Agnes McNamara in 1907. A business partner stole Crabbe's money in 1913, leaving him broke. He had no choice but to move his wife and sons to Oahu. They lived in the house of his parents. In later life, Buster said he always thought of the Islands his true home.

Buster Crabbe grew up in Hawaii. He started swimming on the beach at Waikīkī as a young boy. When his father became the manager of a pineapple plantation on Oahu, the whole family moved away from the beach. Buster and his brother had to stop swimming. A year after the move, Mr. Crabbe got a real estate job in Hilo, Hawaii. The family moved to Hilo, and the boys started swimming again when their father joined a yacht club. With all the moving about, it was not easy for the Crabbe boys to go to school. Buster was eight and a half years old when he joined the first grade in Hilo Union School.

When World War I started in 1918, Buster's father joined the Army. He graduated from Officer Candidate School, and moved his family to the Schofield Barracks in the center of Oahu. Once again, the boys were too far from the beach to go swimming. They rode horses instead, and went to the Honolulu Military Academy. When Buster's father was discharged from the Army in 1920, he moved his family to Honolulu. Mr. and Mrs. Crabbe were divorced about 1920. The two boys were placed in the custody of their father. They lived with their grandparents in Honolulu.

Buster went to the University of Hawaii in 1928 to study law. He was also offered a place at the United States Military Academy at West Point. Yale University offered him a scholarship based on his swim talent. Only his tuition would be paid, but Crabbe thought he could work to pay for other costs. Yale also had a famous swim team. This appealed to Crabbe. He visited Yale on his way to the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. He liked Yale, and decided to go there instead of West Point. He was 20 when he went to Yale to study law.

Two weeks into his first year at Yale, Crabbe returned to Hawaii because his grandmother was dying. She did not die until the spring of 1929 though. Yale told Crabbe he could come back to the university on his scholarship, but he would have to start over as a freshman. He didn't want to do this. He applied to Stanford University, but was told the same thing. He was happy when he got a scholarship to the University of Southern California (USC) as a sophomore. He worked in a downtown Los Angeles store to make money, and joined the Sigma Chi fraternity. He was a member of USC's first swim team. He got his Bachelor of Science degree from USC in June 1931.

Buster started swimming as a very young boy. He was 15 years old when he joined his school's swim team. In his last year at school, he was captain of the team. He graduated with four letters in varsity sports. After high school, he competed in many swim meets and won many awards and titles.
He won a place on the 1928 Summer Olympics team, but became ill with the flu on his way to Amsterdam, where the Olympics were being held. He lost at least . He was not up to his usual strength, and won only a third place bronze medal in the 800-meter freestyle.

He kept training and competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics at Los Angeles. He won the gold medal in the 400-meter freestyle by a tenth of a second. This was a new world record. He was the only US male swimmer to win Gold at the 1932 Summer Olympics. He became a sports superstar known around the world.
Crabbe's movie career started in 1930 while he was going to USC. He was an extra in a few movies about college football and did stunts for Joel McCrea in a suspense movie. Crabbe got his first big part in 1932. It was a Tarzan-like character called Kaspa. He signed a one-year contract with Paramount Pictures. He was paid $100 a week. The movie was called "King of the Jungle"; it opened in theaters in 1933.

Next, Crabbe had a small part in "Man of the Forest", a western with closeted gay actor Randolph Scott. It was Crabbe's first western. He would make many more during his movie career. Crabbe showed his bare chest in one scene, and was told to "put more wood on the fire". He had one two-word line, "Yes, boss". He was billed on movie posters as "the star of "King of the Jungle"". After "Forest", he had a few bit parts, and then went to Paramount's acting classes.

In 1933, Crabbe starred in "Tarzan the Fearless". It was the one and only time he played Tarzan. "Fearless" was a movie serial in 12-parts. A movie fan had to go to the theater every week for 12 weeks to see the whole movie. The movie was a failure. Crabbe made six more movies in 1933. He saved $3,700 from the money he made. He had enough money to go to law school if his contract was not renewed. His contract was renewed, however. His salary was raised to $150 per week. The movie studio changed his name to Larry "Buster" Crabbe.

In 1934, he was in six movies. Only two were for Paramount, the studio that hired him. He was in Ida Lupino's first American movie, "Search for Beauty", and in a W. C. Fields movie called, "You're Telling Me!" Paramount loaned him to RKO Pictures and Majestic Pictures for one movie each, and to Mayfair Pictures for two movies. These three studios billed him as Buster Crabbe.

In 1935, Paramount renewed his contract for the third time. He was paid $300 a week. He made only three movies for Paramount in 1935: two westerns and a college football movie. He did not make any movies for other studios.

In 1936, Crabbe learned that Universal Pictures was planning to produce Alex Raymond's science fiction comic strip, "Flash Gordon", as a movie serial. He went to try-outs, and was offered the part of Flash at once. Crabbe accepted. He was under contract to Paramount at the time, so Universal made arrangements to borrow him.

"Flash Gordon" is famous for being the most expensive and the most popular movie serial ever made in America. Universal had turned two other comic strips into successful serials: "Tailspin Tommy" in 1934 and its sequel "Tailspin Tommy in the Great Air Mystery" in 1935. The "Flash Gordon" comic strip was hugely popular.

Crabbe had to have his hair bleached and waved for the part. He was not happy about this. He wore a hat outside the studio to hide his hair. Crabbe did his own stunts in the serial.

"Flash Gordon" was said to cost $350,000. Most of this cost went into science fiction sets, special effects, and costumes that looked like those in the comic strip. Crabbe was every boy's dream of a hero. He was strong, handsome, and honest. Jean Rogers played his girlfriend Dale Arden. Charles B. Middleton played his enemy, Ming the Merciless, the ruler of the planet Mongo.

"Flash Gordon" opened in movie theaters in 1936. It was a great success. Crabbe enjoyed the success, but wished he would get a part in a major motion picture. Paramount renewed his 1937 and 1938 contracts with raises. In 1938, he was paid $600 per week. He also played in crime movies and westerns at this time.

A sequel to "Flash Gordon" was made in 1938 called "Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars". It was a low budget serial and used scenes from the prequel. Crabbe was disappointed with the serial, but he was happy playing Flash again because the part had made him famous.

In 1938, he made another serial for Universal called "Red Barry". It was a modern detective story set in San Francisco. The serial was based on a comic strip by Will Gould.

Crabbe left Paramount in 1939. Crabbe told an interviewer that the studio did not want to give him a raise. "I spent more time away from my lot than I put there ... I was under contract there (Paramount) from 1932 to 1939. And it didn't cost them a penny. Every time I was loaned out they were paid ... I was supposed to get a $250 raise per week. And the studio called my agent and said we would like him to stay but we don't want to give him a raise." Crabbe's agent knew Universal had the star in mind for more serials and convinced him to leave Paramount. He had made 26 B-movies during his six years with Paramount, but never a major movie.

In 1939, he made another serial for Universal called "Buck Rogers". Like "Flash", it was based on a popular science fiction comic strip. Crabbe was paid $1,000 per week. Universal made Crabbe's third and final Flash Gordon serial, "Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe" in 1940. Crabbe was paid a flat $25,000. He became known as "The King of the Serials". He had made five serials for Universal and owed Universal (not Paramount) the stardom he had won.

Crabbe was disappointed with "Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe". He said, "I never forgave Universal for making a cheateryou know, using stock stuffof the last one ... The first serial ("Flash Gordon"), however, was the most expensive serial ever made, about $500,000 ... To risk this kind of money for a serial ... well, I thought they were crazy. Crazy."

Crabbe made a total of nine movie serials during his career. The last three were made for Columbia Pictures. In 1947, he made "The Sea Hound", and, in 1950, "Pirates of the High Seas". His last serial was "King of the Congo" in 1952.

Between 1941 and 1946, Crabbe starred in a series of westerns for Producers Releasing Corporation (PRC). He played a crime-fighting cowboy called Billy the Kid. Billy was not based on the real life outlaw of the American Old West, but the character's name was changed to Billy Carson to avoid confusion. Crabbe had signed with PRC for only two movies, but those two movies were hugely popular so the studio continued the series.

These PRC westerns took 10–12 days to make, and cost about $25,000 each. They were 50–60 minutes long, and were the second features on double bills. Crabbe made about eight of these westerns every year. He had time to make other movies during the year, too. He made jungle pictures and crime movies.

When World War II started, PRC had to make budget cuts. The shooting schedules for the "Billy" westerns were cut back from 10–12 days to 7–8 days. There was no time or money to correct mistakes. In one scene, for example, Crabbe bumps his head on a window frame as he jumps through the window. There was no time or money to reshoot the scene; it had to be left as it was.

Crabbe did not serve in the military during World War II because he was 34 years old and had a family. Instead, he made training movies for the Field Artillery. He kept making westerns for PRC during the war. In 1942 and 1943, he made 15 westerns. Crabbe's PRC contract ran out in 1946. He had made 36 "Billy" westerns for PRC.

Crabbe made five movie westerns between 1957 and 1965. None of these movies was special in any way. In 1970, he played an old cowboy in "The Comeback Trail". The movie did not do well. Crabbe said it was the best movie he ever made, but there were too many sexy scenes so families stayed away. He tried to convince the producers to make the movie more family-friendly by cutting the "heavy" scenes, but they refused. His last movies were "Swim Team" in 1979 and "The Alien Dead" in 1980.

During the summer months through the years he made the "Billy" movies, Crabbe kept swimming and also did water shows. About 1946, he put his savings into his own show. He called it, "The Aqua Parade". He said his two-hour show was a "labor of love" as well as a "profitable occupation". In 1947, his show played in cities and state fairs across the United States over a five-month period. The show got good reviews. Crabbe was in the water ballet and in a part of the show called "The Evolution of Swimming".

In 1950, the show went to Europe. It had problems. The company was asked to make new costumes and scenery for the Paris show. Crabbe knew this would cost a lot of money, but everyone in the show agreed that doing this would be better than going back to America. The show met more problems in Italy. The company had to swim in cold water in Milan because there was no time to heat the pool. Additionally, the show lost money because it played in a small arena with limited seating. In the end, Crabbe was $100,000 in debt and went back to America wondering what he was going to do. He started doing television.

Crabbe moved to the East Coast of the United States to be the host of a live, local New York City children's program called, "The Buster Crabbe Show". The series was televised on weekday evenings starting on March 12, 1951. The series setting was a western bunkhouse. Old western movies, serials, and comedies were shown. Crabbe shared games, stories, and other activities with the program's viewers.

During the production days of this show, Crabbe was also a swimming and boating counselor at his 16-building, boys and girls summer camp called "Buster Crabbe's Camp Meenahga" at Saranac Lake, New York in the Adirondack Mountains.

Although the program's title was changed to "Buster's Buddies", it was cancelled on October 3, 1952. It returned to television on September 21, 1953. A live kiddie audience was brought to the program, but the program was not popular. It was cancelled again on March 26, 1954.

Crabbe played Michael Gallant in the NBC adventure television series, "Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion". The series was televised from 1955 to 1957. It is set in modern Morocco where Captain Gallant was in charge of an outpost in the desert. He fought thieves, desert tribes, and other villains. Crabbe's son Cullen played Cuffy Sanders in the series. Cuffy was an orphan boy whose father had died in action with the Legion.

The Crabbes had signed a contract for three 30-minute episodes. These three episodes could be changed into a 90-minute movie for theaters if the television series failed. The three episodes were a success. The H. J. Heinz Company agreed to sponsor the series. Thirty-six 30-minute episodes were made. Crabbe was paid $1,000 per episode. Working on the series would take most of his time. He dropped his New York City television series, "The Buster Crabbe Show", so he could make "Captain Gallant".

The series started filming in April 1954. Crabbe's old friend Fuzzy Knight joined the cast. Outdoor scenes were filmed in North Africa. Indoor scenes were shot in Paris and Rome. The series stopped filming in October 1954. It had its television premiere on February 13, 1955. Children and long-time Crabbe fans loved the series. A fan club for Cuffy was started. Charlton Comics published four comic books based on the series in 1955 and 1956.

Tragedy struck the Crabbe family in 1957. When Crabbe's daughter "Sande" was a 20-year-old college student at USC, she had an obsession with dieting. She thought she needed to be as thin as possible for boys to be attracted to her. Her parents were worried. They got medical treatment for Sande and psychoanalysis, but she died April 10, 1957 of malnutrition. She weighed .

In all, there were sixty-five 30-minute black and white episodes. The series completed its first television run in February 1957. Reruns were televised between 1960 and 1963. Cullen Crabbe dropped acting when the series ended. In 1970, he said the only reason he played in the series was because no one could find a boy whose parents would let him live and work in North Africa for two years.

Crabbe was on television now and then after "Captain Gallant". He was in an episode of the "Ellery Queen" series in 1959, and co-hosted a 1961 NBC Easter television special with Rosemary Clooney called "Marineland Circus". In December 1965, CBS televised ceremonies at the Swimming Hall of Fame in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Crabbe was there because he was going to become a member of the Hall of Fame. Crabbe was in two episodes of the "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century" television series in 1979, and one episode of "B. J. and the Bear" in 1981. This episode was the last time he was on television.

Crabbe was bankrupt after the disaster of his "The Aqua Parade". He looked about for ways to make money and to pay off his debts. His name was used to promote a New York health club, and he hosted a women's exercise television program, "Figure Fashioning". He was swim director at a hotel in the Catskill Mountains.

In 1952, he moved his family to New Jersey and taught swimming at Palisades Amusement Park. The same year, he made his "live" television debut on "Philco Playhouse" and then made his ninth and last movie serial, "King of the Congo".

In 1966, Crabbe passed an exam to become a New York City stockbroker with the Wall Street firm of Lieberbaum, Richter & Co. He led the annual Red Cross swim sessions at the Durland Scout Center in Rye, New York, and in 1969 continued his association with the Concord Hotel as Director of Water Activities. He also had two camps in the Adirondacks: a summer camp for young boys and a co-educational water camp for teenagers. He kept up with his work for Cascade Pools. In 1970, he wrote "Energistics", an exercise book for old people.

Crabbe died of a heart attack in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 75. He was soon buried at the Green Acres Memorial Park in Scottsdale, Arizona.

Crabbe was the only actor to play the three greatest pulp fiction heroes of the 1930s Flash Gordon, Buck Rogers, and Tarzan. His early fame was renewed when nostalgia-minded television viewers discovered his Flash Gordon serials in the 1970s. In 2013, the three Flash Gordon serials, the Buck Rogers serial, and the Tarzan serial were all available on DVD.

In 1973, a poll on the University of Maryland campus revealed that the Flash Gordon serials were third on the student nostalgia charts. He was behind W. C. Fields and the Marx Brothers. The serials were shown on college campuses and on nationwide television channels. The New York City Public Broadcasting channel leased the serials, and televised them during the 7 p.m. news programs of other channels. The nationwide interest in the serials led to Crabbe being invited to make personal appearances in many places and to give talks on college campuses.

On his acting talent, Crabbe once said, "Some of my acting rose to the level of incompetence, and then leveled off. I was a lot better actor than people gave me credit for. I didn't have any training, but I feel that if I had been given the chance, I could have become a really good, top-rate actor."

At another time he said, "I always wished I could have been in one really good film. But they decide you're a guy who can fall off a horse and take a breakaway table over you're head, and there's nothing you can do about it ... Many fans have told me they saw in my portrayals a moralistic mien, something they could identify with or fantasize about as children. There's a place for hero worship in any society. It gives people something to look up to, even if no real hero can ever live up to the image people have of them."



Jo Benkow

Jo Benkow (Josef Elias Benkowitz; 15 August 1924 – 18 May 2013) was a Norwegian politician and writer, notable for being an important person in the Conservative Party of Norway, and the President of the Parliament 1985-1993.

Benkow was born on 15 August 1924 in Trondheim, Norway. He was raised in Bærum, Norway. Benkow married twice, his second marriage was with fellow politician Annelise Høegh. He was the uncle of journalistic fraudster Bjørn Benkow. Benkow died on 18 May 2013 from natural causes in Oslo, Norway, aged 88.


Marcheline Bertrand

Marcia Lynne "Marcheline" Bertrand (May 9, 1950 – January 27, 2007) was an American actress and producer. She also co-founded the All Tribes Foundation, to culturally and economically benefit Native Americans, and the Give Love Give Life organization, to raise public awareness of women's cancers. She was the mother of Angelina Jolie.

She was born at St. Francis Hospital in Blue Island, Illinois. Bertrand was brought up in the nearby small town of Riverdale. Her parents were Lois June (née Gouwens; 1928–1973) and Rolland F. Bertrand (1923–1985). She had two younger siblings: a sister, Debbie, and a brother, Raleigh. Her father was of French Canadian ancestry, while her mother was of Dutch and German ancestry. She also claimed to be of Iroquois ancestry, although her only known Native American ancestor was a Huron woman born in 1649. According to her daughter, actress Angelina Jolie, Bertrand was often wrongly identified as a French actress, with Jolie saying, "My mom is as far from French Parisian as you can get. She grew up in a bowling alley that my grandparents owned." In 1965, Bertrand's family moved from the Chicago area to Beverly Hills, California. She attended Beverly Hills High School from second year through graduation.

She was married to Jon Voight from 1971 until they divorced in 1980. She was partners with Bill Day from 1978 until they separated in 1989. Then she was partners with John Trudell until her death in 2007. She had two children; Angelina Jolie and James Haven with Voight. Bertrand died on January 27, 2007 from Ovarian cancer in Los Angeles, California, aged 56.


In Bruges

In Bruges is a 2008 British-American crime drama black comedy movie. It was written and directed by Martin McDonagh. The movie stars Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson as two Irish hit men in hiding. Ralph Fiennes plays their gangster boss.

My Left Foot (movie)

My Left Foot: The Story of Christy Brown is a 1989 Irish drama movie directed by Jim Sheridan and starring Daniel Day-Lewis. It tells the true story of Christy Brown, an Irishman born with cerebral palsy, who could control only his left foot. Day-Lewis won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Christy Brown.

Oz the Great and Powerful

Oz the Great and Powerful is an American fantasy adventure movie from 2013. It is directed by Sam Raimi, produced by Joe Roth, and written by David Lindsay-Abaire and Mitchell Kapner. It stars James Franco as Oscar Diggs, Mila Kunis as Theodora, Rachel Weisz as Evanora, Michelle Williams as Glinda, Zach Braff as Finley, Bill Cobbs as Master Tinker, and Joey King as China Girl.

White House Down

White House Down is an American action-thriller movie directed by Roland Emmerich. It is about a terrorist attack on the White House by a paramilitary group. The movie's screenplay is by James Vanderbilt and stars Channing Tatum, Jamie Foxx, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Michael Murphy, James Woods, Richard Jenkins, Peter Jacobson, and Joey King. The movie was released on June 28, 2013.

21 Jump Street (movie)

21 Jump Street is a 2012 American action criminal comedy movie starring Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum, scripted by Michael Bacall, and directed by Phil Lord and Chris Miller. The movie was produced by Stephen J. Cannell. Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 out of 4 stars.

It is followed by "22 Jump Street".

Our Lady of China

Our Lady of China is a title for the Virgin Mary in China who is believed to have appear at the small village of Donglu in 1900. In Chinese she is called Zhōnghuá Shèngmǔ (). She is also known as Our Lady of Donglu.

During the Boxer Rebellion, about 10,000 soldiers attacked the small village of Donglu on April, 1900. The soldiers tried to kill the approximately 1,000 Christians. As the soldiers were attacking, the Virgin Mary appeared wearing a white robe in the sky. When the soldiers saw the apparition, they fired gunshots at the Virgin Mary. Despite the efforts to shoot down the apparition, the Virgin Mary continued to shine brightly. As the soldiers kept firing, another apparition appeared: a majestic angel, whom witnesses believed to be the Archangel Michael. The angel flew down surrounded by blazing flames of fire down from the sky and into the crowd of soldiers. By himself, Michael drove all of the soldiers out of the village. Villagers learned afterwards that their local priest, Father Wu, prayed to the Virgin Mary for help from the soldiers attacking. The residents of Donglu then built a church for the Virgin Mary to express their gratitude for the help they received. The Church was then destroyed during World War II after it was hit by Japanese bombs.

The Catholic Church built a shrine in 1992 to commemorate the 1900 apparition events and organized a large celebratory worship service nearby in an open field on May 23, 1995, which about 30,000 people attended. During the opening prayer, those present saw the sun moved from to right to left in the sky and shone down light of rays with different colors. Then the Virgin Mary holding the infant Jesus, appeared in the sky. Mary did not speak but witnesses (Chinese Christians whose faith was oppressed by the government) reported feeling comforted and encouraged by her appearance. The overwhelming public interest of visiting the shrine after the apparition took place upset the Chinese government. The Chinese government then banned people from going to the shrine but still many pilgrims came. Proving it was unsuccessful, the Chinese army destroyed the Donglu shrine. (But many shrines dedicated to Our Lady of China are still in China and other countries.)

Francis Cooke

Francis Cooke (ca. 1583 - April 7, 1663) was a passenger on the "Mayflower". He was a signer of the Mayflower Compact and was an important member of Plymouth Colony. 

Francis Cooke lived in England and then in Leiden, Netherlands. 

Cooke married Hester Mahieu at the French Walloon Church in Leiden. In August 1606 Francis Cooke and his wife moved to Norwich in county Norfolk in England. They did not live there long and returned to Netherlands. Their son John was baptized at the Walloon Church in Leiden in 1607.

When the English Separatist Church members in Leiden decided to go to America in 1620, Cooke decided he would go with them. He brought his thirteen year–old son, John, with him. Cooke's wife and the younger children stayed in Leiden and came to Plymouth Colony on the ship "Anne" in July 1623.

The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 6 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" reached land at Cape Cod hook. They landed on November 21. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. Cooke was one of the signers. The "Mayflower" was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was too damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.

In Plymouth Colony, the settlers were given land. In that Division of Land in 1623, Cooke received two acres, one for himself and one acre for his son John. He also received 4 acres for his wife and children who came over on the ship called "Anne" in 1623. 

Cooke's children were named John, Jacob, Jane, Hester and Mary.

Cooke seemed to have been trusted and liked by the other colonist because in early 1633, Cooke was assigned by the court to help resolve a dispute of a financial nature between Peter Browne and Dr. Samuel Fuller.

In 1640/41 Cooke was one of twelve men tasked by the court to make official travel routes, and make a formal survey and mark the boundaries of plots of land and for the Jones River. In 1645 he was again road surveyor for Plymouth. In June 1650, when he was almost seventy, he was still doing survey work. In August 1659, in his late 70s, he was again called upon by the Plymouth Court to help to decide a land boundary dispute between Thomas Pope and William Shurtliff.

Cooke also did other public service work, being on several petty and grand juries. He also served on civil case juries up to March 1643. Most of the civil case involved debts or slander. He was also on grand juries in 1638, 1640, 1642 and 1643 which involved more serious crimes.

In the 1643 Able to Bear Arms List, Francis Cooke and his sons Jacob and John Jr., are listed with those from Plymouth.

On December 7, 1659 Francis Cooke made out his will, saying he was weak in body. The will was very simple and he gave everything to Hester, his loving wife. 1609.

Francis Cooke died in Plymouth on April 7, 1663 and was buried on Burial Hill in Plymouth, Massachusetts.

Pandeism

Pandeism is the belief that a higher being like a God made the Universe, but made it by becoming it. People who follow Pandeism are called Pandeists. After making the Universe, God and the Universe are equivalent (the same thing.) Because God is now the Universe, it can not do things in the Universe. Pandeists believe that people who want to know about God should rely on logic and reason and not traditions of their religion. Pandeists believe that everything that exists is a part of God or that God is a part of everything that exists. The name Pandeism comes from the words Deism (a kind of belief in God) and pan (all). 

Pandeists believe that a higher power became the world. They do not believe that the creation of the Universe happened because of a spontaneous event. They reject supernatural events like miracles and believe that God has become the natural laws as well, and does not need to interfere with them. Pandeists also see holy books, such as the Bible and Qur'an, as writings made by people rather than the writings of God. Pandeists believe that people are part of God too, and so some people think they see or hear God, when they are really only seeing or hearing the part of God that is in them.

UFC on FX: Belfort vs. Rockhold

UFC on FX: Belfort vs. Rockhold (also known as UFC on FX 8 and as UFC no Combate 2 in Brazil) was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on May 18, 2013 at the Arena Jaraguá in Jaraguá do Sul, Brazil. The event was broadcast live on Fuel TV and FX.

The event was headlined by a middleweight bout between multi-divisional contender Vitor Belfort and the final Strikeforce Middleweight Champion and promotional newcomer Luke Rockhold.

Manvel Gamburyan was expected to face Hacran Dias at the event. However, Gamburyan was forced to pull out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by Nik Lentz.

Marcos Vinícius was expected to face Yuri Alcantara at the event. However, Vinicius was forced out of the bout citing an injury and he was replaced by promotional newcomer Iliarde Santos

Cezar Ferreira was originally scheduled to face CB Dollaway. However, on April 1, it was revealed that Dollaway had to withdraw from the bout due to injury and he was replaced by Chris Camozzi. Then on April 7, it was confirmed that Ferreira had pulled out of the fight as well, citing an injury and was replaced by Rafael Natal.

Costa Philippou had to withdraw from his fight against Ronaldo Souza, after suffering a cut above his eye, and was replaced by Chris Camozzi. While Camozzi's scheduled opponent Rafael Natal will face promotional newcomer Joao Zeferino.

Paulo Thiago was originally expected to face Lance Benoist. However, on April 20, it was announced that Benoist had to pull out of the bout due to an injury and was replaced by UFC newcomer Michel Prazeres.

!colspan="9"|Preliminary card (Fuel TV)
!colspan="9"|Preliminary card (Facebook)

The following fighters were awarded $50,000 bonuses.




Sergei Bagapsh

Sergei Bagapsh (March 4, 1949 – May 29, 2011), was the President of Abkhazia, from 12 February 2005 until 29 May 2011. He was also Prime Minister of Abkhazia during the late 1990s.

He was born in Sukhumi, Soviet Union. He graduated from the Georgian State University of Subtropical Agriculture in Sukhumi.

Bagapsh died of heart failure caused by lung cancer surgery, aged 62.

Ryūnosuke Akutagawa

Ryūnosuke Akutagawa (1 March 1892 – 24 July 1927), was a Japanese writer famous for his short stories. He was born in Tokyo, Japan. Kikuchi Kan, and Kume Masao were his friends. He published a literary magazine named "Shinshicho" with them. His first work is "Rounenn". His story ""Hana"" (The Nose) was highly estimated by his master Natsume Soseki. 


Akutagawa committed suicide by taking sleeping pills at age of 35. It was written that he was "vaguely anxious about my future." in his suicide note. Akutagawa is one of many Japanese writers who have committed suicide. Other writers include Dazai Osamu, Mishima Yukio and Kawabata Yasunari.

Awakenings

Awakenings is a 1990 American drama movie set in a psychiatric hospital in 1969 in the Bronx. It is based on Oliver Sacks' 1973 book "Awakenings". It tells the true story of British neurologist Oliver Sacks, fictionalized as American Malcolm Sayer and portrayed by Robin Williams. The movie also stars Robert De Niro, Judith Malina, and Max von Sydow.

Oliver Sacks

Oliver Wolf Sacks, CBE (9 July 1933 – 30 August 2015) was a British neurologist, writer, and amateur chemist. He was Professor of Neurology at New York University graduate School of Medicine. The 1990 movie "Awakenings" was based on his book where he was played by Robin Williams.

Sacks was born on 9 July 1933 in London, England to a Jewish family. He studied at St Paul's School, at Queen's College, Cambridge, and at Oxford University.

He addressed his homosexuality for the first time in his 2015 autobiography "On the Move: A Life".

Sacks was diagnosed with terminal uveal melanoma and liver cancer in January 2015. He died on 30 August 2015 at his home in New York City at the age of 82 from liver cancer.


INS Dakar Memorial

The INS "Dakar" Memorial is a memorial dedicated to the 69 soldiers of the Israeli Navy of the submarine INS "Dakar" who died in the Mediterranean Sea in 1969. The remains of the submarine were found in 1999. The memorial is located in the Garden of the Missing Soldiers in the National Military and Police Cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. It is next to the wall of the names of the missing soldiers of Israel. The memorial was built with exposed concrete in a shape of a submarine; the lower half is submerged in the ground. On the front side a verse from the Bible is inscribed: Psalm 77:19: "Your path led through the sea, your way through the mighty waters, though Your footprints were not seen." Inside the memorial is the room with all the 69 names of the soldiers that died at sea. The memorial was built in 1970 by the architect David Anatol Brotzkos. 


Museum of London

The Museum of London is two museums in London. They display objects from the history and culture of the city.

The main museum is in London Wall, next to the Barbican Centre. There is also a museum in the Docklands showing boats, ships and other objects from London's naval past.


SS Erinpura Memorial

The SS "Erinpura" Memorial is a memorial in the Mount Herzl cemetery. It is dedicated to the 139 soldiers of the British Army 462 Moving Unit in British Mandate of Palestine on the SS "Erinpura" that lost their lives in a battle in North Africa with the Air Force of Nazi Germany.

The memorial is next to the Garden of the Missing Soldiers in the National Military and Police Cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. It was built in 1985 by the architect Dr. Asher Hirem. It includes concrete covered with stones in a corner of a pool with the names of the 137 soldiers who drowned in the Mediterranean Sea. Their place of burial is unknown with holes for flowers. Two soldiers of the 139 are buried in the cemeteries of the British army in Tripoli, Libya and the other is in England.

A ceremony to the fallen soldiers take place in the Holocaust Remembrance Day.


Charles River

The Charles River is a river that runs between Boston and Cambridge in Massachusetts. It is 80 miles long and starts at Hopkinton, Massachusetts and ends at the Atlantic Ocean after feeding through the Boston Harbour.

FaceTime

FaceTime is video conferencing software created by Apple Inc. for use on the iPhone, iPad and computers running Mac OS X. To call people, you type in their email address or phone number. FaceTime supports high definition video.

FaceTime was first announced by Steve Jobs on 7 June 2010 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference. Video is sent using H.264 and audio is compressed with AAC. With Facetime, people can talk to people that are far away face to face.

An audio-version of FaceTime was announced during Apple's annual keynote speech on June 10, 2013, and later released on September 18, 2013. The service provides high-quality audio. Initially, FaceTime audio was only usable on a Wi-Fi network, but since has been updated to work over 3G and LTE data connections. Currently, FaceTime audio is only available between Apple devices.


Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion

Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion is a television series starring Buster Crabbe, his son Cullen Crabbe, and Fuzzy Knight. It aired from 1955 to 1957. The series is about a captain in the French Foreign Legion who fights bandits in North Africa. 

20th-century philosophy

20th-century philosophy covers thinkers who wrote and produced ideas in philosophy during the twentieth century. New ways of thinking about problems were put forward following the success of science and advances in mathematics and other areas of study. Philosophy after 1900 became more professionalized. Philosophers gradually split between two main kinds of philosophy:





Operation Boatswain Memorial

The Operation Boatswain Memorial is a memorial dedicated to a group of 23 fighters who died at sea in 1941, during World War II. They fought for Palmach, a paramilitary group in Palestine. Operation Boatswain was a mission to damage oil refineries in Tripoli, Lebanon. The mission failed, and the bodies of the fighters were never found. In Hebrew, these men are known as "" ("the twenty-three who went down with the ship").

The commander of crew was the Haganah member Zvi Spector. A British special operations officer, Major Sir Anthony Palmer was an observer on behalf of the Special Operations Executive. The oil refineries were controlled by Vichy France, which was ruled by Nazi Germany.

The memorial is located next to the Garden of the Missing in Action in the National Military and Police Cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. The memorial was built with stone of exposed concrete in a shape of boat in a corner of a water pool. The stone has the names of the 23 fighters, including the name of the British officer who was lost with them. The memorial was built in 1951 by the architect Dr. Asher Hirem who also planned the national military and police cemetery in Mount Herzl and many other memorials in Israel.
Palmer Square and Kaf Gimal Yordei HaSira Street in Tel Aviv Port are named after the crew. These are the places where the crew was last seen.


Buck Rogers

Buck Rogers is a fictional character in American sci-fi. He was created by Philip Francis Nowlan. He first appeared as Anthony Rogers in the August 1928 issue of the pulp magazine "Amazing Stories". The Buck Rogers comic strip first appeared in newspapers on January 7, 1929. Since then the character has appeared in movie serials (played by Buster Crabbe), television series, and other forms of pop entertainment.

Animal Crossing: New Leaf

Animal Crossing: New Leaf is a life simulation video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS game console. It was released on November 8, 2012 in Japan, on June 9, 2013 in North America, on June 14, 2013 in Europe, and on June 15, 2013 in Australia. It was first shown at E3 2010.

Like the other "Animal Crossing" games, in "Animal Crossing: New Leaf", the player lives in a village where everyone is an animal. The player can interact with villagers by talking with them. Instead of a house, the player starts the game living in a tent. As the game goes on, the player will be able to change and add new things to it. The player is also able to swim in the ocean that surrounds the village. Also new to this game is that you can become the mayor of your town. Becoming the mayor allows you to change your town more than in past games. You can do things such as set ordinances or start the building of public work projects.

Flash Gordon (serial)

Flash Gordon is a 1936 13-chapter science fiction Flash Gordon movie serial. It is the first movie adventure for the Alex Raymond comic strip character. It is the first science fiction movie serial. It tells the story of Flash Gordon's first visit to the planet Mongo where he confronts the evil Emperor Ming the Merciless.

Buster Crabbe plays the space adventurer Flash Gordon, Jean Rogers plays his love Dale Arden, Frank Shannon plays the scientist Dr. Zarkov, Charles B. Middleton plays Ming the Merciless, and Priscilla Lawson plays Ming's daughter Princess Aura.

In 1996, the serial was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant", and was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.

"Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars", a sequel to this movie, was released in 1938.

The Beatles: Rock Band

The Beatles: Rock Band is a music video game. It was developed by Harmonix Music Systems, published by MTV Games, and distributed by EA Distribution. It is the third game in the "Rock Band" series. It was released for the PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360 on September 9, 2009. The game centers on the popular English rock group The Beatles.

The game comes with a guitar controller, a drum set, and a microphone. Up to six people can play at a time, playing drums, vocals, bass, and guitar. As with previous games in the series, players get points by hitting the right notes at the right time. Earning points earn the players stars, which show how well the player did on a song. The game has 45 Beatles songs. More songs are available as download content (content that can be downloaded from the internet from the game's publisher).

Fuzzy Knight

John Forrest "Fuzzy" Knight (May 9, 1901 – February 23, 1976) was an American actor. He appeared mostly in westerns, usually as the hero's friend. He also appeared in the 1950s television series, "Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion". He married actress Patricia Ryan (née Thelma de Long).

Charles B. Middleton

Charles B. Middleton (October 3, 1874 – April 22, 1949) was an American stage and movie actor. He appeared in nearly 200 movies and many plays. He played the evil emperor Ming the Merciless of the Planet Mongo in the three Universal Pictures Flash Gordon movie serials. He married movie actress Leora Spellman.


William Salyers

William Lewis Salyers (born August 16, 1964) is an American actor and voice actor. He is known as the voice of Rigby on "Regular Show" and the voice of Reverend Putty and Mr. Little on "Moral Orel".

Salyers was born on August 16, 1964 in Bartlesville, Oklahoma. He was raised in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Salyers studied at the College of Santa Fe.

Ming the Merciless

Ming the Merciless is a fictional character in the sci-fi world of Flash Gordon. Ming first appeared in the "Flash Gordon" comic strip in 1934. He is the main villain of the strip. He is also the villain in the Flash Gordon movie serials, television series, and movie adaptation. He rules the Planet Mongo. Charles B. Middleton played the character in the movie serials. 

Joel Aldrich Matteson

Joel Aldrich Matteson (August 8, 1808 – January 31, 1873) was the 10th Governor of Illinois, serving from 1853 to 1857. In 1855, he became the first governor to live in the Illinois Executive Mansion. After his term as governor ended he was for many years the president of the Chicago and Alton Railroad. The last years of his life were marred by charges of corruption in the Canal Scrip Fraud case. The village of Matteson, Illinois is named in his honor. Matteson was buried in Joliet, Illinois.

Matteson was born on August 8, 1808 in Watertown, New York. He was married to Mary Fish until his death in 1873. Matteson died on January 31, 1873 in Chicago, Illinois from pneumonia, aged 64.

Planetary science

Planetary science (or "planetology") is the organized study of planets, which are relatively large, stable bodies in orbits around stars.

The planet best known to us is the Earth. There are seven other major planets in the Solar System. The Solar System also has dwarf planets, such as Pluto and Ceres, the largest asteroid. 

Space probes have gone near or landed on all planets in our solar system. In recent decades better telescopes have found planets in solar systems other than our own, which are known as exoplanets. One of the first was a planet found to be orbiting Barnard's star. 

Planetary science is a part of astronomy and geology. It is sometimes referred to as planetary geology.

Planetary science in a broad sense includes finding a planet's orbital period and orbital distance from its star, the mineral makeup of the planet, and an attempt to learn its age. It may also have a more narrow focus, such as the mapping of the planet's surface features and the makeup of its atmosphere.


Marquess

Marquess (marquis in French) is a title of nobility in many countries in Europe. It is a rank higher than an earl but lower than a duke. 'Marquis' is correct in France, and 'Margrave' in Germany for a local ruler.

This title was usually granted by a monarch to reward a subject for longtime faithful service or some very notable deeds. The title is hereditary, meaning that is passes from a father to his eldest son. Usually if a man holding this title dies without having any male heirs, the title is said to become extinct, meaning that it is no longer held by anyone living.

The female equivalent of this title may be styled marquess. This rank may be held by the wife of a marquis or granted to a woman in her own right.
A woman with the rank of marquess is called a marchioness in the U.K. and elsewhere a marquise.

Division of Kooyong

The Division of Kooyong is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria. It was one of the divisions for the first Federal election in 1901. It includes the suburbs of Kew, Hawthorn, Hawthorn East, Balwyn, Canterbury, Camberwell and Surrey Hills. It is named after the suburb of Kooyong. "Kooyong" is an Indigenous Australian word meaning "resting place". Because of boundary changes over the years, the suburb of Kooyong is no longer in the Division and is now in the Division of Higgins.

Kooyong has been held by non-Labor parties since 1901. Famous members include the Opposition Leader and later Chief Justice John Latham, Prime Minister Sir Robert Menzies and Opposition Leader Andrew Peacock. 


Maiara Walsh

Maiara Walsh (February 18, 1988) is a Brazilian-American actress. She acts in motion pictures and television. She played Ana Solis in the ABC sitcom "Desperate Housewives", Meena Paroom in "Cory in the House" and Simone in "Switched at Birth". She also played Sarah in "The Vampire Diaries". Walsh was born in Seattle.

Bella Heathcote

Isabella "Bella" Heathcote (March 3, 1988) is an Australian actress who acts on television programs. She played Amanda Fowler on the Australian soap opera "Neighbours". Heathcote also starred in the 2010 movie "Not Fade Away". She was born near Melbourne.

Kevin Hart

Kevin Darnell Hart (born July 6, 1979) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for his roles in "Paper Soldiers", "Scary Movie 3", "Along Came Polly", "Soul Plane", "The Wedding Ringer", "Think Like a Man", "Ride Along", "Get Hard", "The Secret Life of Pets", "", "" and "The Upside".

He was born on July 6, 1979 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied the Community College. Hart has been married to Torrei Hart from 2003 until they divorced in 2011. They had two children. In 2016, he married Eniko Parrish. They have three children.

On September 1, 2019, Hart was involved in a serious car crash near Malibu, California. He and the driver suffered "major back injuries" and were taken to hospitals.


Bob Gunton

Robert Patrick "Bob" Gunton, Jr. (born November 15, 1945) is an American actor. He is known for playing strict, authoritarian characters and villains. He is best known for his role as the cruel "Warden Samuel Norton" in the 1994 movie "The Shawshank Redemption".

Gunton was born on November 15, 1945 in Santa Monica, California. He studied at Mater Dei High School and at University of California, Irvine. Gunton was married to Annie McGreevey from 1980 until they divorced in 2006. He has been married to Carey Pitts since 2006. He has one child with McGreevey.



Tania Raymonde

Tania Raymonde (born March 22, 1988) is an American actress. She began acting at age twelve. She played Cynthia Sanders in "Malcolm in the Middle". She also acts in movies.

Raymonde was born near Los Angeles.

The Shawshank Redemption

The Shawshank Redemption is an American crime drama movie from 1994. It was written originally as a screenplay by Shawn Patrick Patterson and directed by Frank Darabont. The movie is based on Stephen King's novel Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption. It stars Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman, Clancy Brown, Bob Gunton, James Whitmore, and Jeffrey DeMunn. James Kisicki played a small role as the bank manager. It was released on October 14, 1994.

In 1947, Andy Dufresne is convicted of murdering his wife and her lover and is sentenced to two consecutive life terms in prison. Andy is transferred to the Shawshank Stage Penitentiary, where he is introduced to Samuel L. Norton, warden of the prison, alongside with Byron Hadley, chief captain of the guards. As his sentence unfolds, he meets Ellis Boyd Redding, an inmate also serving a life sentence. Andy is assigned to work in the prison's laundromat, and around the same time, he has various encounters with Bogs Diamond and his henchmen known as "The Sisters", who attack Andy during their encounters.

In 1949, Hadley is explaining that he is being taxed on an inheritance, and Andy offers to help him legal shelter some money to avoid penalization by the IRS. Bogs and his henchmen attack Andy again, forcing him to the infirmary for a month. Hadley savagely beats Bogs in retribution, paralyzing him and transferring him to a prison hospital upstate. Andy is assigned to help out elderly inmate Brooks Halten in the prison's library, where he helps resolve financial matters by writing weekly letters to the state legislature requesting funds.
In 1954, Brooks is paroled after serving fifty years, but he cannot adjust to the outside world, and commits suicide by hanging himself. The legislature finally responds by sending $200 and a selection of materials from a library district; among the recordings Andy receives is a copy of "The Marriage of Figaro". He plays the music over the P.A. system, much to the warden's resentment, and is sentenced to solitary confinement for two weeks. In 1963, Norton begins exploiting prison labor for public works, profiting by undercutting skilled labor costs and receiving bribes. Andy launders the money using the alias "Randall Stephens".

In 1965, Tommy Williams is incarcerated for burglary. Andy helps Tommy pass his GED exam. In 1966, Tommy explains to Andy that his cellmate at another prison had claimed responsibility for the murders for which Andy was convicted. Andy turns this information in to Norton, but when he considers the warden obtuse and mentions about the money laundering, Norton has Andy sentenced to solitary confinement again. Norton summons Tommy outside one night to feign an escape attempt and orders Hadley shoot him to death as a show of execution. Norton visits Andy in his solitary cell to explain about Tommy's execution, and intends to seal off the library, remove Andy's protection from the guards, and move him to worse conditions in the area of the most hardened criminals. Andy opposes, and is given another month in solitary. After two months in solitary, Andy discusses his plans with Ellis about moving to a Mexican coastal town if he ever escapes prison.

During the next roll call, the guards find Andy's cell vacant, prompting them to sound the alarm for Norton, who demands an explanation of Andy's whereabouts. Irate and paranoid, Norton hurls some rocks, which one of them rips a poster, finding a big hole in the wall. A flashback shows Andy using rope to escape through the tunnel and a sewage pipe, taking Norton's suit, shoes, and ledger, containing proof of the money laundering. After his escape, Andy poses as Randall Stephens, withdraws the laundered money from several banks, and mails the ledger and other evidence of the corruption and murders at Shawshank to a local newspaper. FBI agents and state police storm Shawshank and arrest Hadley, while Norton dies from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to avoid his arrest.
After forty years, Ellis is paroled. He visits a hayfield in Maine and finds a mysterious tree in the wilderness. He finds a cache containing money and a letter asking him to come to Zihuatanejo. Feeling hope, Ellis travels to Fort Hancock, Texas and crosses the boarder to Mexico. He the reaches a beach in Zihuatanejo, reuniting with Andy.

Despite its poor box office returns, "The Shawshank Redemption" opened to generally positive reviews. Roger Ebert gave the movie 3.5 stars out of 4.

Cariba Heine

Cariba Heine (born October 1, 1988) is an actress who acts in movies and in television. She was born in Johannesburg, South Africa, and was raised in Australia. She played Bridget Sanchez in the movie "Blue Water High". She also had many other movies.

Harry Dean Stanton

Harry Dean Stanton (July 14, 1926 – September 15, 2017) was an American actor, musician, and singer. He was known for his roles in "Paris, Texas", "Kelly's Heroes", "Dillinger", "Straight Time", "Alien", "Repo Man", "Pretty in Pink", "The Last Temptation of Christ", "Wild at Heart", "The Green Mile", "The Pledge", "Rango" and "Lucky".

Stanton was a favorite of the late movie critic Roger Ebert who has said that "no movie featuring either Harry Dean Stanton or M. Emmet Walsh in a supporting role can be altogether bad." However, Ebert later admitted that "Dream a Little Dream" (1989), in which Stanton appeared, was a "clear violation" of this rule.

For his role in "Lucky", Stanton was posthumously awarded the Satellite Award in 2018 alongside Gary Oldman.

Stanton was born on July 14, 1926 in West Irvine, Kentucky. He studied at the University of Kentucky.

Stanton died on the afternoon of September 15, 2017 at a hospital in Los Angeles, California of respiratory failure at the age of 91.


Quora

Quora is a website for asking questions and posting answers. The company was launched in 2009 and the website opened in 2010.

Quora was founded by Adam D'Angelo and Charlie Cheever, both of them work for Facebook.

Making a Quora account is free and asking questions are free as well. Quora does not pay anyone for answering the questions asked by other users.

Quora has a Upvote/Downvote system. If you like an answer, you can upvote it and if you do not like it you can downvote it. Any user can upvote or downvote a question' answer no matter whether he asked that question or not. Quora has some strict policies to fight with spam and people posting copied content. If you do not follow them, your account will be suspended by the Quora Moderation team.


Gerry Bednob

Gerry Bednob (born May 18, 1950) is an American actor and comedian of Indo Trinidadian heritage.

Gerry starred as Bling Bling Shelton in "Free Radio" on VH1 from 2008 to 2009. He had a role in the 2010 movie "Furry Vengeance", with Brendan Fraser and Brooke Shields, playing Mr. Gupta. He is also the uncle of Michelle Jhagroo. He also appeared in "The 40-Year-Old Virgin".


Chinese Rail DF4D

The DF4D (4D) is a kind of diesel locomotive used in China. It was built by Dalian Locomotive & Rolling Stock Works. It has been in production since 1996 and is still produced as of 2012. It is the common locomotive in China and is used for both passenger and freight services.

The first DF4D was built in 1996 in Dalian. The 0000 Series locomotives used the 16V240ZJD engine. It took several years to build all 580 locomotives of this type.It is called "Tiger" by Chinese raliway fans.

The first 3000 Series was built in 1999 in Dalian. It had full suspension bogies, electro-pneumatic braking system and fully enclosed electrical cabinets, ZD106 traction motor, and change the gear ratio. It is called "Flower Tiger" by Chinese raliway fans.

The first two 4000 Series locomotives were built in 1999 in Dalian,but using the number 0241 and 0242.

The 4000 Series' maximum operating speed is adjusted to 100 km / h, locomotive the starting tractive significantly increased to 480 kN, continuous tractive effort increased dramatically to 341 kN.

A 4000 Series Locomotive which numbered 1893 is 4th generation of Mao Zedong Locomotive. It has delisted.

4000 Series Locomotive is called "Ukraine" by Chinese raliway fans,because the coating color of the car looks like the Ukrainian flag upside down.

In order to adjust the mountain railways in southwest China, the first 7000 Series locomotive was built in 2000 in Dalian.The 7000 Series Locomotive using two three-axis self-steering radial bogies,but these 21 locomotives were replaced the ordinary bogies in 2007.

7000 Series Locomotive is called "Liuzhou Tiger" by Chinese raliway fans,because it spent it's working life on Liuzhou Locomotive Depot of Nanning Railway Bureau.


Lee Weaver

Lee Weaver (born April 10, 1930) is an American movie and television actor. He is known for his role in "O Brother, Where Art Thou?". He also appeared in "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air".

Weaver was born on April 10, 1930 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He has been married to 
Ta-Tanisha since 1971. They have one child. Weaver now lives in The Bronx, New York. 

Beth Behrs

Beth Behrs (born December 26, 1985) is an American actress. She stars in the CBS sitcom "2 Broke Girls". Her first movie role was in "". 

Behrs was born on December 26, 1985 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. , Behrs' boyfriend and husband was actor Michael Gladis. They married in 2018.

Kat Dennings

Kat Dennings (born Katherine Litwack; June 13, 1986) is an American actress. She began her career with a role in an episode of the HBO dramedy series "Sex and the City". Dennings has since appeared in the movies "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", "Big Momma's House 2", "Charlie Bartlett", "Raise Your Voice", "The House Bunny", "Defendor", "Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist", and "Thor". She also co-stars in the CBS television series "2 Broke Girls". She has also guest starred in "The Newsroom".

Dennings was born on June 13, 1986 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She was homeschooled; her only enrollment at a traditional school was for a half-day at Friends' Central School. In December 2011, Dennings began dating "2 Broke Girls" recurring actor Nick Zano.


Liberal Party (1922)

The Liberal Party, Liberal Union or the Liberal Union Party, was a political party in Australia. It was based in Victoria and South Australia. Active mainly in 1922, the party was formed by members of the Nationalist Party of Australia who did not support the leader, Prime Minister Billy Hughes. 

The party was begun by two Victorian men, Thomas Ashworth and Charles Merrett. Two federal Nationalist MPs, Victorian William Watt and South Australian Richard Foster, joined the Liberal Party. In the 1922 federal election three more MPs (John Latham from Victoria, and Malcolm Cameron and Jack Duncan-Hughes from South Australia) were elected. 

When the new Country Party refused to support Hughes, he decided to retire and leave the Prime Ministership to Stanley Bruce. All five Liberals rejoined the Nationalist Party, although they remained officially Liberals until 1925.

Gallurese

Gallurese ("") is a Romance language spoken in the northeastern part of Sardinia. It is seen as being related to the Corsican language and Sardinian language.

The language takes its name from the region of Gallura.

Sassarese language

Sassarese (local name "Sassaresu" or "Turritanu") is a Romance language. It is related to the Corsican language and the Sardinian language. It is also related to Gallurese. The latter is regarded as a Corsican dialect despite the geographic location, although this attribution is a matter of controversy. It can be considered a transitional language between Italo-Dalmatian languages 

Sassarese is spoken by approximately 120,000 people in the northwest coastal areas of Sardinia, Italy.

Samoset

Samoset (ca. 1590–1653) was the first Native American to speak with the Pilgrims in Plymouth Colony. On March 16, 1621, the people were very surprised when Samoset walked straight into Plymouth Colony where the people were living. He greeted them in English. Samoset said he had learned some of the language from some English fishermen that came to Maine.

Samoset was member of the Wampanoag tribe that lived in Maine. He was an important man within his tribe. Samoset talked with the leaders of Plymouth Colony. A few days later he came back with Squanto, an native leader who also spoke English.

Samoset is also sometimes called Somerset. The name Somerset may have been given by the English men who came from Somerset in England. Capt. Levett met Samoset, along with other Native American leaders, in 1624 in the harbor of present-day Portland, Maine.

This is part of an account of the first meeting with Samoset by the people of Plymouth Colony:

This story was adapted for an episode of "The Mayflower Voyagers", of the Peanuts television miniseries "This is America, Charlie Brown".

Samoset appeared in "William Bradford: The First Thanksgiving", 1992 direct-to-video episode of "Animated Hero Classics". He was voiced by Michael Howard.

The Samoset Council of the Boy Scouts of America (located in northern Wisconsin) is named after Samoset.

2013 Connecticut train crash

A Metro-North Railroad train from New York City heading to New Haven, Connecticut collided with another train on May 17, 2013. This event happened at 6:10 PM (EST). An east-bound Metro-North train went off its tracks and collided with a west-bound train near Fairfield, Connecticut.

On May 17, 2013, officials shut down the train which usually carries between 125,000 people daily. It is one of the most busiest trains in the area. Metro-North was also shut down. All Amtrak trains that uses the New York City-New Haven path are shut down. This is to avoid further collisions. Because of a bridge replacement, the two trains were the only way going and coming from New York City.

Investigators believe the trains collided because the tracks were damaged. Some say the damage was done when the trains collided. Others believe it was damaged before the two trains collided with each other. The wreckage of the trains were found to be as far as 200 yards away from the area the accident happened. Many cars that were near the event were heavily damaged. Connecticut governor, Dannel Malloy, believes this investigation will last several days. The FBI were part of the investigations. On May 18, they were no longer a part of the investigation crew.

One person is in critical condition at Bridgeport Hospital in Bridgeport, Connecticut as of May 19, 2013. There were five who were critically injured. One of them was "very critically injured". Six patients who were injured remain in St. Vincent's Medical Center, also in Bridgeport. Nine people are currently in the hospital, with 70 injured. Some reports state 60 people were injured. Many people saw broken limbs after this happened. 

Many people on the train had to break one of the trains windows to get out. There are no reported deaths. Many bodies flew out of the two trains.

The Metro-North train left from Grand Central Station in New York City at 4:41 p.m (EST) on May 17, 2013. There were 300 passengers on the train. It went off its track near I-95 in Bridgeport, Connecticut. The other train left New Haven, Connecticut at 5:30 pm. This train had 400 passengers. The two collided with each other at 6:10 pm near Fairfield, Connecticut.

Connecticut governor, Dan Malloy said in a press conference on May 18 that the investigation will be on-going for a couple days. A National Transportation Safety Board member Earl Weener said that they will not release further details on what happened. Bridgeport Mayor, Bill Finch believes the cost could hurt the region's economy by millions of US dollars. 

US senator Chris Murphy said that he is very pleased that no one has died from the collision. Richard Blumenthal, US senator, also said to the "New York Daily News" that he is happy to know no one has died.

Fairfield, Connecticut

Fairfield is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut. It is bordered by the towns of Bridgeport, Trumbull, Easton, Redding and Westport, Connecticut. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 61,512. In July 2006, "Money" magazine ranked Fairfield the ninth "best place[s] to live" in the United States. They also said it is the best place to live in the northeastern part of the United States.


Isaac Allerton

Isaac Allerton ( 15601659) was born in England. In 1620, he travelled on the "Mayflower" with his wife, three children and apprentice John Hooke.

Allerton belonged to the religion which was not allowed in England. In 1614 he and his family moved to Leiden Netherlands where he worked as a tailor. He married and had three children.

The Allerton family and John Hooke, left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620. There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew. On 19 November 1620, the "Mayflower" spotted land. They had intended to go to Virginia Colony but the ship was damaged so they landed at Cape Cod on 21 November. They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other. Allerton signed the document.

In the first year many people died from the cold weather and hunger including Allerton's wife and his apprentice. Allerton worked with Plymouth Governors to help save the colony.

Starting in 1626, Allerton made many trips back and forth to England. The Mayflower passengers owed money to people in England who had helped pay for their voyage. Allerton was supposed to go to England and pay off some of this debt. Some of the people did not think that he was honest with the money. On one of his trips back from England, in 1630, Allerton came back without some of the supplies which they very much needed.

In 1634, another sickness came to Plymouth Colony which caused many people to die including Allerton's second wife Fear.

Allerton died in 1659 in New Haven, Connecticut. His first wife, Mary died in 1621 and was buried in Cole's Hill Burial Ground, Plymouth. The burial place of his second wife, Fear is unknown.

Victims of Terrorist Attack on the Pentagon Memorial

The Victims of Terrorist Attack on the Pentagon Memorial is a memorial dedicated to the victims of the September 11 attacks 2001 on The Pentagon. The memorial is shaped as a pentagon. It has the names of the victims of the attack by the American Airlines Flight 77 and the victims who died in the building. The memorial was opened in 2002 in the section of the victims graves at the Arlington National Cemetery. 


Patrick Geddes

Sir Patrick Geddes (2 October 1854 – 17 April 1932) was a Scottish biologist, sociologist, geographer, philanthropist and pioneering town planner. He developed a new urban theoris, including the second master plan of Jerusalem in 1919. He also developed the first master plan of Tel Aviv in 1925 that included the Bauhaus architecture in the White City of Tel Aviv. His other work was in India during the period of British India. A small memorial board to Patrick Geddes is under a bridge of the Heil HaShirion Street in Tel Aviv.



White City of Tel Aviv

The White City of Tel Aviv (, ) is the name of the Bauhaus (also called "internatioanl style") architectural area in Tel Aviv. After the 1920s eclectic architecture period in Tel Aviv, in the 1930s a new architectural style came to the city by Jewish-German architects. They brought the new style of the bauhaus to parts of the city. In 2003, these areas of Tel Aviv were declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO for their unique architecture, under the name: White City of Tel Aviv. In 2000, the Tel Aviv Bauhaus Center opened in Dizengoff Street and in 2010 the Tel Aviv Bauhaus Museum opened in Bialik street next to the old City Hall.


Jerusalem Biblical Zoo

The Jerusalem Biblical Zoo, also known as the Tisch Family Zoological Gardens in Jerusalem (), is a public zoo in Jerusalem, Israel. It has all the animals that are in the Jewish Bible and the Talmud books. The zoo was established in Jerusalem in 1940. It moved many times until it moved to a permanent location near the Givat Masua neighborhood in 1993. A new aquarium dedicated to the fishes of the Land of Israel is planned for the near future.


Trumpeldor Cemetery

Trumpeldor Cemetery (, also called the Tel Aviv old cemetery) is a cemetery in Tel Aviv, Israel. It is in Trumpeldor Street, in the middle of the city. Many cultural and historical people are buried there, including Moshe Sharett, the second Prime Minister of Israel, and Max Nordau. The cemetery was founded in 1902. It was the first cemetery in Tel Aviv.


Yarkon Cemetery

The Yarkon Cemetery is a cemetery in Petah Tikva, Israel. Many cultural and famous Israeli artists are buried there, including Ofra Haza. The cemetery was established in 1991. It is named for the Yarkon River that extends along the cemetery.


Tarzan the Fearless

Tarzan the Fearless (1933) is both a 71-minute movie and a 12-chapter movie serial. It stars Buster Crabbe as Tarzan. This was his only appearance as Tarzan. The movie consisted of the first four chapters of the serial. "Tarzan the Fearless" was released in both formats on August 11, 1933.


Tarzan rescues elderly scientist Dr. Brooks. The man is held by the followers of Zar, God of the Emerald Fingers. His daughter Mary has also been searching for him. Tarzan searches for Mary. Everyone is captured by the people of Zar. They are brought before Eltar, the high priest. Two evil safari guides are killed. The others are freed, but they must never return. Mary and her father decide to stay with Tarzan.

Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars

Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars is a 1938 15-chapter science fiction Flash Gordon movie serial. It is based on a comic strip by Alex Raymond. It is the second of the three Flash Gordon movie serials made between 1936 and 1940. It is the second of the three Flash Gordon serials from Universal Pictures.

Buster Crabbe stars as Flash Gordon with Jean Rogers as Dale Arden, Frank Shannon as Dr. Zarkov, Charles B. Middleton as Ming the Merciless, and Beatrice Roberts as Queen Azura.

Flash, Dale, and Zarkov discover that Ming the Merciless and Azura, Queen of Mars, have joined forces to conquer Earth with a dangerous raybeam. Martians that oppose the two evil ones are turned into clay humanoids. The heroes join the humanoids to defeat the evil Ming and Azura.


The African Queen

The African Queen is a 1952 Anglo-American jungle adventure romance movie. It is based on the 1935 story "The African Queen" by C. S. Forester. The movie was directed by John Huston. The movie stars Humphrey Bogart and Katharine Hepburn. It is set in Africa in 1914.

Bogart won an Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance. The movie has been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry, with the Library of Congress deeming it "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant".

The Lady of Shalott

"The Lady of Shalott" is a poem by the English poet Alfred, Lord Tennyson (1809–1892). Like his other early poems – "Sir Lancelot and Queen Guinevere" and "Galahad" – the poem is about Arthurian subject matter loosely based on medieval sources.

Tarzan (TV series)

Tarzan is a television series. It aired on NBC from 1966 to 1968. Tarzan was played by Ron Ely. The character is depicted as a well-educated man who has tired of civilization and returns to the jungle where he was raised. The show kept many of the elements of the classic movie series, such as "Cheeta". Other elements, such as "Jane", were dropped. This is because the producer Sy Weintraub wanted a "new look" for the story. CBS aired reruns during the summer of 1969.

Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe

Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe is a 1940 12-chapter science fiction Flash Gordon movie serial. It was the last of the three Flash Gordon serials by Universal Pictures.

Buster Crabbe plays Flash Gordon with Carol Hughes as Dale Arden, Frank Shannon as Dr. Zarkov, Shirley Deane as Princess Aura, and 
Charles B. Middleton as Ming the Merciless. Jean Rogers had played Dale Arden in the two previous Flash Gordon serials, but did not want to repeat the role. Hughes played the role.

Ming the Merciless causes a plague on Earth. Flash, Dale, and Zarkov distribute an antidote. Ming sends an army of robot bombs after the three. Flash and friends kill Ming by locking him in a tower, then crashing a rocket ship into it. Ming's last words are "I am the universe!". Zarkov announces that Flash Gordon has "conquered the universe".



Tarzan Escapes

Tarzan Escapes is a 1936 jungle adventure Tarzan movie. It is based on the fictional characters and concepts created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is the third of the six MGM "Tarzan" movies starring Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan.

Captain Fry (Buckler), a hunter, captures Tarzan to put him on public display. Fry makes a deal with an unfriendly native tribe to give him food, canoes, and protection for the journey back to civilization. Fry's plan goes wrong when the natives capture Tarzan in his cage. Tarzan escapes with the help of elephants and Cheeta. Fry falls into a quicksand bog and dies. Tarzan and Jane are reunited at their treehouse.


Eternity

Eternity is a time without beginning or end, or infinite time. It is usually used when talking about heaven or hell.



King of the Jungle

King of the Jungle is a 1933 Paramount Pictures movie. It was directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and Max Marcin. It stars Buster Crabbe and Frances Dee.

Kaspa, a man raised in the African jungles by lions is captured by circus people and taken to New York City with his lion friends. The man escapes as the ship nears New York. Dressed in nothing but a loin cloth, he encounters a pretty girl on the streets who teaches him English. They fall in love. When a fire breaks out in the Brooklyn Zoo, panic stricken animals begin running wild in the streets. Kaspa saves the day.

Jean Rogers

Jean Rogers (March 25, 1916 – February 24, 1991) was an American movie actress. She starred in movie serials in the 1930s and B-movies in the 1940s. She played Dale Arden in the two movie serials "Flash Gordon" (1936) and "Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars" (1938). She was wanted for the third and final serial, "Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe", but declined.

King of the Congo

King of the Congo is a movie serial. It is the 48th movie serial released by Columbia Pictures. It was based on the comic book character "Thun'da", created by Frank Frazetta. Buster Crabbe stars as Thunda and his alter ego Capt. Roger Drum. "King of the Congo" was both the last Tarzan-style serial and the last serial to star Buster Crabbe. Crabbe starred in nine serials between 1933 and 1952.


Division of Macquarie

The Division of Macquarie is an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. It was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for Lachlan Macquarie, who was Governor of New South Wales between 1810 and 1821. Its best known member is Ben Chifley (ALP), who was Prime Minister of Australia from 1945 to 1949. 

It covers a large area west of Sydney, including the Blue Mountains, and the Hawkesbury region on Sydney's western edge. At different times it has included the city of Bathurst.


Iván Sánchez

Iván Sánchez (born Madrid, Spain, November 19, 1974) is a Spanish actor and model.

Sánchez was born on November 19, 1974 in Madrid. When he finished school he realized that his dream was to see the world. He worked as a model in different places in the world.

After his time as a model, Sánchez started acting. His first starring role was in 2005, in "El auténtico Rodrigo Leal". That series ridiculed the "Big Brother" type reality shows. His big break came a year later when he was offered the role of Doctor Raul Lara in the series "Hospital Central". Sánchez also acted in movies including "Besos de gato" (2003).

He starred in the series" El auténtico Rodrigo Leal" (2005). Since 2006, he has played physician Raul Lara del SAMUR in" Hospital Central". He also acted in "El pantano" (2003), "Javier ya no vive solo" (2003), "El comisario" (2003), "La sopa boba" (2004) and "Con dos tacones" (2006) and others.

In the theater, Sánchez acted in "Fool for Love".

In March 2011, Sánchez left "Hospital Central" to join the Spanish-American telenovela "La Reina del Sur" and later for the second season of "Hispania, la leyenda".

In 2013, Sánchez will start playing antagonist Hernán Saldaña in "La tempestad"..

Sánchez partner is the actress Elia Galera, who also worked on "Hospital Central". In 2006, their daughter Jimena was born. In 2010, their daughter Olivia was born. In 2011 they terminated their relationship, after six years of dating.






Division of Capricornia

The Division of Capricornia is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. The division was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is named for the Tropic of Capricorn, which runs through the Division. It covers the area around Rockhampton on the central Queensland coast. It includes the towns of Mount Morgan and Yeppoon, and Great Keppel Island.

The most famous member was Frank Forde, who was the Prime Minister of Australia for eight days in 1945.


McLean, Virginia

McLean, Virginia, is a rich town in northern Virginia. It is part of the Washington, DC commuter area. Dick Cheney and Robert Kennedy lived in the town.

Division (military)

A division in an army is a group of usually about 10,000- 20,000 soldiers, though some divisions are larger or smaller. It is usually commanded by a Major General or equivalent officer. It is made up of several brigades. In the United States Army,almost all divisions have a Division Headquarters and multiple Brigades. There are Infantry Divisions,Airborne Divisions,Etc

In a Navy it has a different meaning. A division may be sub-unit of several ships within a squadron or flotilla, or a functional department within a warship, such as the fire control division. 

Discipline

Discipline is an important idea in organizing human action, including in the family and in work. It is related to the word disciple. Self-discipline is controlling your own actions. 

Military discipline is training people to obey rules and keep order. A disciplined soldier is one who can act even while afraid for his life. A disciplined person is one who does what must be done to achieve his goals, even if it is difficult.



Tarzan the Ape Man

Tarzan the Ape Man is a 1932 jungle adventure Tarzan movie. It is based on Edgar Rice Burroughs' book "Tarzan of the Apes". It is the first of the six MGM Tarzan movies starring Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan. Tarzan's yell was first heard in this movie. The animal character of Cheeta was created for this movie.

An African expedition led by James Parker is searching for the elephant burial grounds. Parker's daughter Jane is captured by Tarzan. At first, Jane is terrified. As time passes, she accepts him. She wants him to come to London with her, but Tarzan returns to the jungle. The expedition is captured by pygmies. Jane sends Tarzan's ape friend Cheeta for help. Tarzan comes to the rescue. Jane's father dies. Jane stays in the jungle with Tarzan.



Tarzan and His Mate

Tarzan and His Mate is a 1934 romantic jungle adventure Tarzan movie. It is based on the fictional characters and concepts created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is the second of the six MGM "Tarzan" movies starring Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan. In 2003, the United States Library of Congress deemed the film "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant". It was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.

Tarzan and Jane are living in the jungle. Harry Holt and his business partner Martin Arlington want to steal the ivory from an elephant graveyard. Martin shoots an elephant. Jane keeps Tarzan from killing Martin. Martin tries to kill Tarzan. Jane thinks Tarzan is dead. She decides to leave the jungle. Cheeta and his ape friends nurse Tarzan back to health. Martin and Holt are killed by lions. Tarzan and his army of apes and elephants save Jane from the lions.



Tarzan of the Apes (1918 movie)

Tarzan of the Apes is a 1918 silent movie. It was directed by Scott Sidney. It stars Elmo Lincoln and Enid Markey. The movie was the first Tarzan movie ever made. It is based on Edgar Rice Burroughs's book "Tarzan of the Apes". The movie adapts only the first part of the book. The rest of the book became the sequel, "The Romance of Tarzan". The movie is considered the most faithful to the book of all the movie adaptations. 

Lord and Lady Greystoke are passengers on a ship bound for Africa. When the ship is taken over by mutineers, the two are left on a tropical coast. They die. Their infant son is adopted by Kala, an ape. She raises him as her own. 

The young Tarzan (Gordon Griffith) grows up among the apes. He becomes their king. A sailor discovers Tarzan. He reports to Tarzan's relatives in England. An expedition led by Professor Porter sets off to find Tarzan. 

The now-adult Tarzan (Elmo Lincoln) rescues Porter's daughter Jane (Enid Markey) when native villagers kidnap her. Tarzan romances her, and she comes to accept his love.


Elmo Lincoln

Elmo Lincoln (Otto Elmo Linkenhelt, February 6, 1889June 27, 1952) was an American movie actor. He played the first movie Tarzan in "Tarzan of the Apes" (1918). He played Tarzan in two other movies, "The Romance of Tarzan" (1918) and the movie serial "The Adventures of Tarzan" (1921). He appeared, uncredited, in two Tarzan movies in the 1940s. He was a circus roustabout in "Tarzan's New York Adventure" (1942), and a fisherman repairing his net in "Tarzan's Magic Fountain" (1949). His last movie was "Carrie" in 1952. He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7042 Hollywood Boulevard.

Ron Ely

Ronald Pierce "Ron" Ely (born June 21, 1938) is an American actor and writer. He was born in Hereford, Texas. Ely played Tarzan in the 1966 NBC television series "Tarzan". He played the title role in the 1975 movie "". He writes mystery books.

Barbarastollen underground archive

The Barbarastollen underground archive is an underground archive for preserve Germany’s cultural heritage. The Barbarastollen is in a mine near Freiburg im Breisgau, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It holds microfilms with about 900 million images from German archives and museums. 

Among the documents stored here are:

The Barbarastollen tunnel is the only cultural property in Germany under the protection of the Hague Convention of UNESCO. It is named after Saint Barbara. The entire complex is buried under 400 meters of rock. It is intended to survive a nuclear war. It is estimated that its contents should survive for at least 500 years without any serious damage.

NPY Women's Council

The Ngaanyatjarra Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Women's Council (NPY Women's Council, or NPYWC) is a community-based organisation that serves women of the Ngaanyatjarra, Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara communities in remote central Australia. It was formed in 1980, with its headquarters in Alice Springs. It provides a range of community, family, research and advocacy services, and represents the interests of women and their communities.

The idea for a women's organisation came during the late 1970s, when the Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara communities of northwestern South Australia were struggling for the rights to their land. During meetings about land rights, the women felt that their needs were not being met, so they decided to establish their own organisation. A women's meeting was held at Amaṯa in 1980. It was chaired by Pitjantjatjara elder Nganyinytja, who had been a leader among women throughout the land-rights struggle. The formation of the NPY Women's Council is said to have been partly inspired by a speech Nganyinytja made at demonstration in Adelaide later in the year.

The first meeting of the Women's Council was held in December 1980, in Kaṉpi. It was organised by Mantatjara Wilson and Diana James, and attended by about 40 women. Tjunmutja Myra Watson was chosen to be the organisation's first chairperson, and Diana James was chosen as the secretary.

The NPY Women Council's covers about 350,000 square kilometres of the remote area where the borders of Western Australia, South Australia and the Northern Territory meet. The region has a total population of about 6000. The council serves women belonging to the three indigenous groups in this region: the Ngaanyatjarra, Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara, who are closely related to one another. The area covered includes:

The NPY Women's Council has achieved recognition for its work. Awards include:


Carl Orff

Carl Orff (July 10, 1895 – March 29, 1982) was a German composer. Today, he is perhaps best remembered for his work Carmina Burana. Carmina Burana is a collection of texts from the Middle Ages. In 1937, Carl Orff wrote the music for some of these texts. His other well-known work, the Orff Schulwerk is aimed at teaching children about music. Carl Orff received many awards for his works. Amongst others he wrote "Reigen der Kinder", which was performed at the opening ceremony of the 1936 Summer Olympics. He also adapted the music for A Midsummer Night's Dream, which was originally written by Felix Mendelssohn. The problem was that Mendelsohn had Jewish roots, and the rulers of Germany at the time did not think this was suitable. Orff was a close friend of Kurt Huber, a prominent oppoent of the regime. Huber was a founding member of the opposition group White Rose. Huber was tried and executed in 1943.

Flash Gordon (1954 TV series)

Flash Gordon is a science fiction television series. It aired from October 15, 1954 to July 15, 1955. It is based on the characters in the Flash Gordon comic strip created by Alex Raymond. The series set is set in 3203. Flash (Steve Holland), Dale Arden (Irene Champlin) and Dr. Zarkov (Joseph Nash) are agents of the Galactic Bureau of Investigation. They travel the galaxy in their ship the "Sky Flash" to battle cosmic villains under the order of Commander Paul Richards (Henry Beckman).

The series was filmed in West Berlin and Marseille as a West German, French and American co-production by Intercontinental Television Films and Telediffusion. The series aired in syndication throughout most of the U.S. It aired on the east coast on the DuMont Television Network.

The series was popular with American audiences. Critical response was positive. Modern critics brush the series off. Some critics respond positively to the series's presentation of Cold War and capitalist themes.

