Like many tissues, the vagina has a natural biome, a flora and fauna of microscopic organisms. The vagina is an interface between the host and the environment. Its surface is covered by a protective epithelium where bacteria and other microorganisms grow. The ectocervix (that's the vaginal part of the cervix) is not sterile.

The vagina releases blood and tissue during menstruation. Tampons or other products can be used to absorb some of the blood.

When a woman is aroused, she has pleasurable feelings in her genital region. The vagina gets up to wide. It can get bigger with more stimulation. During sexual intercourse, the man's penis is placed in the woman's vagina. The vagina is warm and soft, and it places pressure on the man's penis. That can feel good for both partners and usually makes the man have an orgasm after repeated thrusts. For orgasm in women, the vagina has significantly fewer nerve endings than the clitoris, and therefore rubbing or applying other consistent pressure against the clitoris is usually needed to help the woman have an orgasm. During the man's orgasm, he ejaculates semen from his penis into the vagina. The semen contains sperm. The sperm can move from the vagina into the uterus to fertilize an egg and make a woman pregnant.

The G-spot may be a highly sensitive area near the entrance inside of the human vagina. If stimulated, it leads to a strong orgasm or female ejaculation in some women. Some doctors and researchers who specialize in the anatomy of women believe that the G-spot does not exist, and that if it does exist, it is an extension of the clitoris.

During birth, the vagina acts as a pathway for the baby to leave the mother's body. The vagina is very elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during birth.

Sperm needs to be deposited at the top of the vagina near the cervix and fertilize the ovum (egg) if pregnancy is to occur. In a normal childbirth, babies come out through the vagina.



Breast

The breast is an organ on the mid to upper chest area. It is just below the shoulders near the center of the upper chest region of humans and other primates. Humans have two breasts. 
Both boys and girls have breasts at birth. During puberty, the breasts on women grow larger and more visible. 
The breasts have glands that produce milk. Breastfeeding is when a mother feeds her baby with milk from her breasts.

Men also have breasts. They are built the same way as those of women, but are usually smaller, Men cannot use their breasts for breastfeeding. Their breasts will usually not produce milk, but might become larger and produce milk during some diseases or with some hormonal medical treatments.

Girls develop breasts during puberty due to sex hormones, mainly estrogen.

The appearance and size of the breasts of a woman may vary due to genetic factors, and the amount of fatty and connective tissue. Hormones also play a role.

Estrogen promotes the growth of mammary glands and ducts, while progesterone induces milk-producing cells to develop. Prolactin and oxytocin stimulate milk production. Oxytocin also causes milk to be spurted from a lactating breast.

The two breasts usually are not equal in size — one may be larger than the other, but this is common.

During menopause, as levels of estrogen decrease, tissue in the breasts reduce as well, and the breasts may start sagging. A study showed that breastfeeding does not cause sagging. Factors that do influence sagging are the size of the breast (before the first pregnancy), number of pregnancies, body mass index, smoking, age and certain physical disorders.
The center of the breast is the nipple. The areola is a circular area around the nipple. The breast contains mammary glands. Each breast has 15 to 20 milk ducts. Ducts carry the milk produced by these glands to the nipples. After a woman has a baby, her breasts undergo lactation — the production of natural milk.

Feeding babies milk is called breastfeeding or "nursing".

The breasts of a woman also play a role in human sexual behavior. They are one of the most visible or obvious female secondary sex characteristics. They play an important role in sexual attraction of partners. They can also give pleasure to the individual. When sexually stimulated, the size of the breasts increases, venous patterns across the breasts become more visible, and nipples grow harder. During sexual intercourse, it is common practice to press or massage breasts with hands.
Breast Tickling sometimes also happens and is done by placing your hands underneath her breasts and tickling upwards.
Breast Tickling can also be done on the top, the sides and her nipples.
Breasts are sensitive to touch as they have many nerve endings. Oral stimulation of nipples and breasts is also common. Some women can achieve "breast orgasms". In the ancient Indian work the "Kama Sutra", marking breasts with nails and biting with teeth are explained as erotic.




Pregnancy

Pregnancy is when a woman or female mammal has an unborn baby inside her. During pregnancy, a female is called "pregnant". A human pregnancy is about 38 weeks long, from conception to childbirth. Usually the mother has one baby at a time. Sometimes the mother has two babies at one time. Two babies are called twins. The mother can have three or more babies at one time. This does not happen very often in humans. Aboout one in 85 pregnancies are of twins, and about one in 7,000 are of triplets. 

Pregnancy usually starts after a woman has sexual intercourse with a man. Her ovum (or egg) and his sperm (seed) come together and form a zygote (fertilized egg) inside her. 

Some people have trouble becoming pregnant. This is called "infertility". Women and men with infertility may take drugs or have surgery to help a pregnancy start. Some people use treatments that are not natural, like in vitro fertilization, to become pregnant with the help of a doctor.

When the woman's egg and the man's seed come together, it makes one cell called a "zygote". The zygote grows into an embryo, which grows into a fetus. When the fetus is ready, the baby is born. 

Human pregnancy is divided into three parts called "trimesters". A trimester is about three months long. During the first trimester, the woman might feel ill in her stomach. She might have to urinate often. During the second trimester, the woman's abdomen starts to stick out. During the third trimester, her abdomen sticks out even more, and she becomes even heavier. 

At the end of a full pregnancy, the woman's body pushes the baby out through her vagina. This is called "delivering a baby" or "giving birth". Mothers can get help for birth from a midwife, nurse, or doctor. In some places, mothers give birth at home. In other places, mothers give birth in a hospital. Mothers who are ill or hurt may need to go to a hospital.

Giving birth can hurt a lot at the end. In hospitals, a doctor or midwife can give drugs to the mother to reduce the pain. 

If the baby cannot be pushed out, then a doctor can cut the mother open to take the baby out. This operation is called a Caesarean section. 

The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women says that pregnant women must be given time away from work or equal welfare for her baby without losing her job (Article 11).

Sometimes, people who are teenagers become pregnant. Teenage pregnancies have a set of problems, which need to be carefully considered.

Sometimes there are problems with pregnancies. A miscarriage (spontaneous abortion) is when the baby dies before it is born. A stillbirth is when the baby is dead when it is born. There are also diseases caused by pregnancy. 

Sometimes, women die from giving birth. In developed countries, this is much less common than it used to be. Every year, about 500,000 women die from giving birth, while about 7,000,000 mothers have big problems from giving birth. For example, giving birth can tear the mother's body and cause an obstetric fistula.

A pregnancy can also stop without the baby being born. This is called abortion. Doctors can do things that will stop a pregnancy. Such an abortion is called "induced abortion". Countries have different laws about induced abortions. Some countries allow it, and others do not. In some countries, it is allowed, but only for certain reasons, such as the pregnancy resulting from rape, or a doctor saying that the pregnant woman might die if the pregnancy is not stopped. People also have different opinions about abortion. Often, these are influenced by religious beliefs. 

There are a few diseases that can kill a woman or make her very ill if she has a baby. Having abortions could save the lives or health of these mothers. 

A pregnancy test is something that women use to tell whether they are pregnant. The woman urinates on the stick. If the woman is pregnant, a plus sign or two lines will appear on the stick. If the woman is not pregnant, then a minus sign or one line will appear on the stick.


Forest

A forest is a piece of land with many trees. Forests are important and grow in many places around the world. They are an ecosystem which includes many plants and animals. Many animals live in forests and need them to survive. 

Temperature and rainfall are the two most important things for forests. Many places are too cold or too dry for them. Forests exist from the equator to near the polar regions, but different climates have different kinds of forests. In cold climates conifers dominate, but in temperate zone and tropical climates forests are mainly made up of flowering plants. Different rainfall also makes different kinds of forest.

There are no forests in deserts, just a few trees in places where their roots can get at some underground water. There's quite a lot of water beneath the Sahara desert, and also beneath the Australian desert areas. The general term for this is "groundwater".

Forests contain 80% of the Earth's plant biomass. The total live biomass on Earth is about 550–560 billion tonnes C.

The three major forest biomes are coniferous forests, deciduous forests, and tropical rain forests. More than half of the world's forests are found in only five countries (Brazil, Canada, China, the Russian Federation, and the United States of America). More forests (45 percent) are in the tropics than any other climates.

Coniferous forests stretch across Canada, Alaska, Northern Asia, and Northern Europe. Their main trees are evergreen conifers which produce seeds in cones. 

The weather during the winter is cold, but when snow melts in the spring, some parts of the forest become swamps. There are not many different types of trees in coniferous forests because of the cold weather, and the poor soil. Fallen branches, needles, and dead animals do not decay as fast as in warmer regions. This is why the soil in coniferous forests is not very fertile. Also, only those trees that have adapted to cold weather and poor soil can survive. These trees have flexible branches that support heavy snowfalls. Less water evaporates from their leaves because of the shape of their needles.

Many coniferous trees shade large parts of the soil below them, which keeps many plants from growing on the forest ground. Some animals that live in the coniferous forests are pine martens, deer, bears, caribou, moose, several owls, crossbills, and red squirrels.

Deciduous forests mostly grow in the temperate zone of North America, Europe and Asia. They have a moderate climate during the spring, summer, autumn (fall) and winter, with rainfall of at least 500mm a year. Summers are warm and winters are cold, but not as cold as the northern coniferous forests. In the winter, snow covers the ground and the deciduous trees and plants lose their leaves. The decaying leaves help make the soil rich in nutrients. Many insects, spiders, snails, and worms make their homes in this rich soil. Wild flowers and ferns grow almost everywhere in the spring. New leaves capture the energy of the sun and sprout before the tall trees shadow them. 

During the winter, many birds migrate to warmer climates. Many small animals hibernate or aestivate, in other words, they slow down their metabolism and sleep or stay in their burrows. Some of the other animals just slow down their metabolism and eat food they stored during the summer and fall months. The trees in winter are bare, but with the coming of spring, leaves sprout, birds return, animals are born, and all the forest animals get busy with their lives. Animals that we may see or hear in this biome include bears, deer, raccoons, otters, beavers, foxes, frogs, squirrels, snakes, salamanders, and birds such as woodpeckers, robins (European or American), owls, blue jays and the small birds usually called tits (family Paridae).

Some deciduous forests grow in tropical places that do not have a winter but do have a wet season and a dry season.

Tropical rainforests grow in South America, the Congo, Indonesia and some nearby countries, Hawaii, and north eastern Australia. Tropical rainforests are well named, as it rains here on about half the days. The only season in a tropical rain forest is summer, so plants grow for all 12 months of the year. Trees are tall and thick in the rain forest and they grow so close together that they form a big umbrella of greenery called a canopy. This blocks out most of the sunlight. The air is muggy as it filters through the dense canopy cover of the trees. The light that filters through this tree cover is dim and green. Only along river banks and in places that have been cleared does enough sunlight allow plants to grow on the forest ground.

Millions of species of plants and animals live in the world's tropical forests. Life in the rain forest exists at different levels or layers in the trees. Each layer has a name, such as 'emergent', 'canopy', 'understory', and 'forest floor'. Animal life is found on all levels.

The first forests on Earth were about 380 million years ago), in the later Devonian period. "Archaeopteris" grew to about 10 meters tall (33 feet). The plant was rather fern-like, with deciduous fronds which dropped onto the forest floor. Streams running through the forest picked up fronds, which perhaps stimulated freshwater fishes. "Wattieza" was an even earlier plant which has been claimed as the "first tree". They were also fern-like, reproduced with spores and grew in groups together.

Forests were widespread biomes in the Carboniferous period. The earlier part is called the Mississippian, and the later part is known as the Pennsylvanian in North America.


Barber

A barber is someone who cuts hair and shaves beards. Usually, it is men who go to a barber. Women usually go to hairdressers instead. Barbers sometimes have a pole outside, which is red and white in most countries. Barbering is a most ancient and honorable profession, with a very interesting history. Barbering is the practice of cutting or trimming hair and includes shaving or trimming facial hair. Besides cutting hair, barbers also shampoo and style hair, mostly for male clients. Other duties include scalp treatment, skin care and fitting or grooming hairpieces. In some states, barbers color, highlight or bleach hair.

The main job of a barber is to cut a client's hair. The goal is to improve the appearance of the hair and to adapt styles to the customer's wishes. Barbers also shape and trim beards and mustaches. Instruments such as scissors and combs must be kept sterile and in good condition, and the barber is also responsible for keeping the shop clean by sweeping up hair. Owners of barbershops also order supplies, pay bills and may hire and supervise staff. Good interpersonal skills and a positive attitude are important qualities to have when working as a barber. Examples of famous barbers are Alex Kelly and Cameron Kelly formally known as the Kelly Cutters. Many barbers use these men as examples and aim to also deliver a very high quality service.

With experience, barbers can manage a salon or barber shop, or eventually open their own shop. Advancement is also possible in teaching barbering. Some states combine barbering and cosmetology licenses into one. Some states allow transferring a barbering license from another state without additional formal training, but not all states allow this.

Carpenter

A carpenter is a person who works with wood. They can make cabinets, build houses, or do other things with wood.

Carpenters usually make very good foremen (people who watch over a job) on larger jobs as they deal with so much of the project from ground up. Carpenters are always adding to their tools and always learning how to use the new tools, materials, and ways of working with wood.

Many carpenters will choose to focus their skills in one of two broad ranging categories. Rough carpenters will focus on building things that need to be simple and structural. This includes framing for houses, or crates for shipping. Finish carpenters will focus on things that are detailed and artistic. For example, they can be furniture builders, cabinet makers or toy makers. Wood carvers are sometimes counted as carpenters.


Electrician

An electrician is a person who fixes the wires and switches so that lights and outlets work the right way. Some electricians work in a building. 

Roof

A roof is the top surface of the building. The plural of 'roof' is 'roofs'. The roof keeps out rain and snow and protects people from the sun. Some roofs are sloped, or pitched, so the rain and snow fall off easily. Some roofs are flat, but even flat roofs have a little bit of pitch so the water can flow away towards a drain. 

"Gable", "hip", "gambrel", "shed" and "mansard" roofs are the main types of pitched roofs. The type of roof on a building helps identify the building style. For example, an American Arts and Crafts style versus a Cape Cod style. Roofs are often covered in asphalt or wood shingles. But they can also be covered in metal, slate, or clay tiles. It can be dangerous to walk on a pitched roof. Some pitched roofs have parts that stick out for windows. These are called dormers. The edges of pitched roofs are called 'eaves'. Often there are gutters and leaders at the eaves, which take away water from the roof.

Flat roofs are usually covered in rubber or types of plastic. You can usually walk on a flat roof. At the edge of a flat roof there is sometimes a parapet. This is to prevents people from falling off the roof. 


Brick

A brick is a man-made building material used to make walls and make places to walk. It is a single unit of a kneaded clay-bearing soil, sand and lime, or concrete material, fire-hardened or air-dried, used in masonry construction.

Bricks are made mostly of clay. They are put into molds or cut with wires, and then baked in an oven. The color of a brick depends on the clay from which it was made.

Masons build brick walls. They join bricks together using mortar.
Bricks can be assembled into many different patterns. The most common pattern is called "running bond". A row of bricks is called a course. 

Bricks used outdoors on the ground are called "pavers". Engineering bricks are used for high load-bearing walls, and for damp-proof courses. They are more expensive, and are made of better clays and fired at a higher temperature.

The oldest shaped bricks found date back to 7500 B.C. They have been found in Çayönü, a place in the upper Tigris area in south east Anatolia, close to Diyarbakir. A bit later, between 7000 and 6395 BC, bricks come from Jericho and Catal Hüyük. 

"Fired" bricks are one of the longest-lasting and strongest building materials. They have been used since about 3000 BC in early Indus Valley cities. Sun-dried mud bricks are much older, and quite satisfactory in hot, dry climates. Fired bricks are much more resistant to cold and moist weather conditions. They allow permanent building in regions where the harsher climate prevents the use of mud bricks.

Most bricks from all places tend to be about the same size: ~9 x ~4¼ x ~2½ inches or 250 × 120 × 65 mm. This is because they are picked up by the brickie in one hand, while in his other hand is a trowel with cement on it.

Just as bricks are ancient (probably Neolithic in origin), so is cement. That is (in comparison) a more recent invention. The ancient Greeks and Romans used cement. Older civilizations knew, however, that bricks needed to be stuck together. The Babylonians and Assyrians used bitumen to bind together burnt brick or alabaster slabs. Bitumen comes out of the ground naturally in a few places. It is a black oily substance of organic origin, like oil or pitch.

In Ancient Egypt, stone blocks were cemented together with a mortar made of sand and roughly burnt gypsum (CaSO · 2HO), which often contained calcium carbonate (CaCO).

San Diego, California

San Diego () is the second largest city in the U.S. state of California and eighth largest in the United States. It is at the southwest corner of California, as well as the southwest corner of the continental United States. It was founded in 1769 and it is the oldest city in California. The mayor of San Diego as of 2020 is Todd Gloria.

It has comfortable weather most of the year. There are several military bases in and near San Diego. It has many beaches along the Pacific Ocean. The San Diego Zoo is very famous.

San Diego is home to San Diego State University, the University of California, San Diego, and .

San Diego is on the international Mexico–United States Border. The city of Tijuana is just across the Mexican border.

San Diego is home to the San Diego Padres baseball team.

Heroin, fentanyl, alcohol, and prescription drug addiction are common addiction types in San Diego. In 2017, there were 273 unintentional prescription-related deaths in San Diego County and 7,505 opioid-related visits to emergency rooms. From 2016 to 2017 there was a 115% increase of fentanyl-related deaths in San Diego. In 2017, there were 357 alcohol-related deaths in San Diego County. Of those deaths, 127 also involved prescription drugs, 15 involved a combination of heroin and prescription drugs, and involved heroin. 15,952 adults were admitted into drug treatment centers in San Diego in 2017. In 2016, an estimated 125 million opioid pills were sold in San Diego County, which equates to nearly 38 pills per person.

Oriole

The oriole ( or Old World oriole) is a bird in the family Oriolidae. They make up the genus Oriolus. Old World orioles are found areas of Africa, Asia and Europe. They are most often found in tropical areas but one species lives in cooler areas. The golden oriole is the only species of Old World oriole which is not a tropical bird.

Many species have bright coloured feathers.

The orioles evolved in Australasia, and later spread to Eurasia. They are not related to the New World oriole. New World orioles are members of the blackbird family "Icteridae" and are native to the Americas .

This is a list of kinds of orioles, in the English and Latin languages:



Feather

Feathers are the things which cover birds. They help keep birds warm. Feathers also protect them from injury. In most kinds of birds, wing feathers help them to fly. These are called flight feathers. 
Some people have their pet birds clipped. This is a procedure where a vet or a groomer cuts a certain amount of feathers to prevent the bird from flying away or simply for medical reasons. 

The main feathers which cover the outside of a bird are called "vaned feathers". Vaned feathers have a stiff center, with soft barbs on the side, which seem like hairs. The center is called a "quill". This type of feather is called pennaceous (= like a pen).

Young birds have small feathers, called "down", which keep them warm, but cannot be used for flying. Down is very soft. Adult birds have down, but also have vaned feathers on top of the down. Down is also used in blankets. Down feathers are just one example of plumaceous feathers (the word means 'fluffy'). Another example is the feathers on flightless birds such as the ostrich.

Birds lose their feathers at certain times. This is called "moulting". By moulting, a bird can replace old feathers with new ones. Many birds moult once every year.

Feathers give birds color. The function of color in birds is extremely important. It includes:

People use feathers for many purposes. In the past, quills were commonly used as pens, and colorful feathers were worn on hats. Many pillows, cushions, mattresses, coats, and quilts are stuffed with down. Feathers are also used by people of many tribes for decoration.

Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen

Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Fuller Olsen (born June 13, 1986) are twin American actresses. They have acted in movies and on television series since they were nine months old.

The twins began acting on the ABC series "Full House" between 1987 and 1995, in which both of them played Michelle Tanner.

In the early 1990s, they became the youngest entrepreneurs in Hollywood history by starting the Dualstar Entertainment company.

Later that decade, they acted in "Two of a Kind" and "So Little Time", as well as their own animated series.

They also acted in the movies, "It Takes Two" (1994), "New York Minute" (2003), and many direct-to-video movies and specials.

Merchandise related to the Olsens is still very popular in the teenage market. The Olsens have a clothing line for girls ages 4–14 in Wal-Mart stores across North America, as well as a beauty line called "Mary-Kate and Ashley: Real fashion for real girls".

In mid-2004, Mary-Kate Olsen announced she had entered treatment for an eating disorder, anorexia nervosa. A Got Milk? ad featuring the twins was pulled following the announcement. On November 20, 2007 she was hospitalized for a reported kidney infection.

The twins have bought up a number of fashion labels, and this is now their main activity. In 2012 the girls decided to quit acting permanently and focus on fashion.


The Walt Disney Company

The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate that is headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios complex in Burbank, California. Disney was started on October 16, 1923, by brothers Walt Disney and Roy Disney as Disney Brothers Studio; it also operated under the names Walt Disney Studio and Walt Disney Productions before changing its name to The Walt Disney Company in 1986. Disney is known for Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Cinderella, The Little Mermaid, The Lion King, Mary Poppins, Frozen, Aladdin and Lilo and Stitch. Pixar famous movies are Toy Story and Cars. Marvel Comics well known original comics for Spider-Man and Hulk. Lucasfilm media franchises such as Star Wars and Indiana Jones. Jim Henson original franchise like The Muppets.

In its early, the company established itself as a leader in the animation industry with the short film "Steamboat Willie", which used synchronized sound to become the first post-produced sound cartoon and debuted the widely popular character Mickey Mouse, who would go on to become the company's mascot and corporate icon.

The company's main units are Studio Entertainment, Parks and Resorts, Media Networks and Consumer Products.

This unit, also called the Walt Disney Studios, is headed by Chairman Dick Cook. It consists of:

One of the Studios' largest assets lies in Walt Disney Animation Studios, which has made a successful string of animated movies for almost seven decades. Because of failures with most of their recent additions, it has changed its focus from traditional hand-drawn to CGI movies. Pixar, also owned by Disney, is one of the first studios to create CGI movies. Since 2009, Disney has bought three movie studios: Marvel Comics, Lucasfilm and 20th Century Studios.

On March 20, 2019, The Walt Disney Company bought 21st Century Fox for $52.4 billion USD.

Worldwide, Disney has eleven theme parks (as of 2024):

Disney once owned the sports teams, the Angels (baseball) and the Mighty Ducks (ice hockey), both based in Anaheim, California. These teams were later sold to other people.

Disney Enterprises Inc. is a subsidiary of the company; the name is found in many of its franchises.

The ABC television network, which Disney bought in 1995, serves as the center of this unit. Cable television channels within it include Disney Channel, Disney XD, Freeform, ESPN and SOAPnet. It also partly owns Lifetime, A&E and E!.

Buena Vista Television, responsible for the syndication of many Disney series, produces some of its own as well: "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", "Live with Regis and Kelly", and "Ebert & Roeper".

Merchandising and licensing within the company are overseen in this division. Disney Publishing Worldwide, part of this unit, has Disney Press, Disney Editions and Hyperion Books as its brands.

It once owned the Disney Store shopping chain until 2004, when it sold all the stores to The Children's Place.




 

Hypercholesterolemia

Hypercholesterolemia means that the cholesterol level is too high in the blood.

Cholesterol is a molecule in cells. It is a type of lipid which is a fat or fat-like molecule. Cholesterol is a special type of lipid that is called a steroid. Steroids are lipids that have a special chemical structure. This structure is made of four rings of carbon atoms.

Other steroids include hormone steroids like cortisol, estrogen, and testosterone. All steroid hormones are made from changing the basic chemical structure of cholesterol. When scientists talk about making one molecule from changing simpler ones, they sometimes call it "synthesis".

Cholesterol does many important jobs in a cell. Cholesterol's main function is as a structural component of cell membranes. It is also the starting material for bile acids that are made by the liver and used to digest fats, and for steroid hormones. However, it is best known for something bad that it does. High levels of cholesterol can lead to atherosclerosis. This is an inflammatory disease of artery walls in which white blood cells invade the vessel wall and become engorged with cholesterol and other lipids. These areas can slowly close off a blood vessel or can suddenly rupture and trigger formation of a blood clot.

Not all cholesterol is bad. There are different kinds of cholesterol in the blood. Doctors often measure these different types to see if someone has hypercholesterolemia.

HDL (high density lipoprotein) is sometimes called 'good cholesterol' because people with high levels of HDL cholesterol have "less" atherosclerosis.

LDL (low density lipoprotein) is sometimes called 'bad cholesterol' because people with high levels of LDL cholesterol have more atherosclerosis.

High blood levels of VLDL (very low density lipoprotein) also causes more atherosclerosis. However, measuring its level in blood is more expensive. So the blood level of triglycerides (a kind of fat) is used instead. High triglycerides are found in people with high VLDL.

The most common type of medicine to treat hypercholesterolemia are 'statin' drugs. They are called 'statins' because their names all end in -statin. They are also called "HMG-CoA Reductase Inhibitors". This is because they work by "inhibiting" the enzyme HMG-CoA Reductase. Inhibiting an enzyme means to make it work less well.

The HMG-CoA Reductase enzyme causes the body to make more cholesterol. If it is inhibited, the body makes "less" cholesterol. So statin drugs lower the amount of LDL (bad) cholesterol in the blood which stops atherosclerosis from getting worse. Statin drugs can even help make atherosclerosis better. However, statins are not as good at increasing the HDL (good) cholesterol. Low HDL is hard to treat with medicines, but goes up with more exercise.

There are two big problems with taking statins: Liver problems and 'Rhabdomyolysis.'

Rhabdomyolysis means a disease where muscle cells are damaged and die. Statins can cause damage to muscle cells. This can cause weakness and muscle pain. The worse problem though is that when muscle cells die, they release cell proteins into the blood. The kidney removes the muscle protein from the blood. If the kidney takes up too much protein, it can be hurt. If it is bad enough it can cause kidney failure. So if people take statins and get muscle pain or weakness, stop the medicine and see a doctor.

Statins can also cause liver problems. They can cause mild irritation of the liver. They can rarely cause very bad liver damage. Because of this, when someone starts taking a statin, doctors check liver blood tests after six weeks. Doctors also warn patients to watch for the signs of liver damage: pain in the right side of the abdomen, nausea, vomiting, and jaundice.

However, both of these problems are "rare". In someone with hypercholesterolemia, the benefit from statins is more than the risk. This means that someone is more likely to prevent problems than cause problems by taking them. There are many big scientific studies of this problem that show the same thing: if people have hypercholesterolemia and take statins, they are more likely to live longer and be healthier.

There are other kinds of medicines to treat hypercholesterolemia. But statins are the most effective treatment.

"Fibrates" are medicines that lower cholesterol levels. They may also help people with Type II Diabetes. This is a good effect because diabetes and hypercholesterolemia cause some of the same problems. If both diabetes and hypercholesterolemia happen in the same person the problems from these diseases can be much worse. Fibrates can have rhabdomyolysis like the statins and also can cause upset stomach. Use of fibrates and statins at the same time makes rhabdomyolysis happen much more often.

Niacin is a vitamin that lowers cholesterol levels. It is also called Vitamin B3 or nicotinic acid. Severe niacin deficiency in the diet can cause a disease called "Pellagra". This is rare in the developed world today. However, less bad deficiency of niacin can cause high blood pressure, weight gain, and hypercholesterolemia. So sometimes Niacin is used to treat hypercholesterolemia. Niacin is one of the medicines that may make HDL (good) cholesterol go up. The biggest problem with taking enough Niacin to help cholesterol is that it causes severe "flushing" (hot, red, sometimes itchy skin). This 'side-effect' is so bad, sometimes people stop taking the medicine.

Bile Acid Resins are medicines that make people not absorb as much bile when they digest food. This causes them to take up less cholesterol also, which lowers blood levels of cholesterol.

Cholesterol

Cholesterol is a molecule that is found in animal cells and body fluids. Cholesterol is not found in plant sources. It is a type of lipid which is a fat or fat-like molecule. Cholesterol is a soft waxy substance. Cholesterol is a special type of lipid that is called a steroid. Steroids are lipids that have a special chemical structure. This structure is made of four rings of carbon atoms. Cholesterol is found especially in animal fats.

Cholesterol is the main steroid synthesized by animals. Other steroids include hormone steroids like cortisol, estrogen, and testosterone. These and other steroid hormones are made by changing the basic chemical structure of cholesterol. This is an example of "chemical synthesis".

Hypercholesterolemia means that cholesterol level is too high in the blood. High cholesterol levels show that heart disease may develop.


Iowa

Iowa () is a state in the Midwestern United States. Its name comes from the Iowa River, which was named after the Ioway people, one of the Native American tribes that lived in Iowa. Iowa was a part of New France, but was sold to the United States as part of the Louisiana Purchase. Its settlers were mostly farmers: Iowa is part of the Corn Belt and is often known as the "Food Capital of the World." However, Iowa's landscape, culture, and economy are diverse, with the economy changing in the second half of the 20th Century to include many kinds of business.

Iowa has about 3,200,000 people . Its capital and largest city is Des Moines. Iowa became a state on December 28, 1846. It was the 29th state to join the United States.

 Iowa is in the Midwestern United States. To the north of Iowa is Minnesota; to the west are Nebraska and South Dakota; to the south is Missouri; and to the east are Illinois and Wisconsin.

The eastern border of the state is marked by the Mississippi River which runs between Iowa and Illinois. The western border is marked by the Missouri and Big Sioux rivers. The northern border is a line 43 degrees, 30 minutes north latitude. The southern border follows the northern border of Missouri. Iowa and Missouri disagreed about the location of the Iowa-Missouri border. This argument was ended by the Supreme Court of the United States in the 1896 case, "State of Missouri v. State of Iowa", after a standoff called the Honey War. The border follows the Des Moines River for the far eastern part of the state and is at close to 40 degrees, 35 minutes north for the rest of the state.

Iowa has 99 counties, but 100 county seats because Lee County has two. The state capital, Des Moines, is in Polk County.

Most of Iowa is considered to be a plain.

The government of Iowa has three branches, similar to the federal government of the United States. The executive branch is headed by the governor, currently Kim Reynolds (R) since May 24, 2017. The legislative branch is the Iowa General Assembly, composed of two houses - the Iowa Senate and the Iowa House of Representatives. The judicial branch is headed by the Iowa Supreme Court under the chief justice, currently Susan Christensen .

There are two major political parties in Iowa, the Iowa Democratic Party and the Republican Party of Iowa, as well as several unofficial third parties. The Republican Party controls the government ; the governor is a Republican and the House and Senate both have Republican majorities.

Iowa sends two senators and four representatives to Congress.
Senators:
Representatives:

There are many farms in Iowa. Iowa is well known for its agriculture. Its main agricultural outputs are hogs, corn, soybeans, oats, cattle, and dairy products. Its industrial outputs include food processing and machinery. Iowa also produces more ethanol fuel than any other U.S. state.


Gender identity

Gender Identity is how a person identifies themselves. A person’s gender identity is based on what label and type they feel most comfortable aligning with. It can change throughout someone’s life, depending on how they feel during that time. Much of dominant society across cultures follows the construction of the gender binary, prescribing that everyone must either be a man or a woman. However, more genders exist outside of male and female. Recent decades have brought new terminology and means of using language to make space for a range of genders. And more importantly, the rise of LGBTQ+ education and rights have brought transgender issues to the attention of the public, as well as the many genders that a person can identify as.


'Transgender' is both an identity label and an umbrella term. A person can identify as a trans woman or trans man, but there are more genders that fall underneath the transgender category. Nonbinary genders (or people who do not identify as male or female) may fall underneath transgender, depending on how the person self-identifies. 'Nonbinary' may be used as a synonym for agender, or someone doesn't identify with a gender, but also may refer to other genders. 

Some gender identities include, but aren't limited to:


Gender expression (also called, "gender presentation") means how a person dresses, looks, and acts, in ways that might affect how other people view their gender. Someone who wears men's clothes and acts in a masculine way has a "male gender expression." Someone who wears women's clothes and acts in a feminine way has a "female gender expression". This is different from "gender identity" because people can choose to look or behave one way even if that is not how they feel inside. Sometimes people call this "gender presentation" or just "presentation".

Gender is a key concept in the field of anthropology. Gender and sex are defined differently in this field. Gender in regards to an individual's identity, and sex being biology determined. Gender identity, while can be tied to sex and biology in some, is not necessarily determined by these factors. Assumptions around gender identity based in biological factors can be false and while sometimes accepted in the mainstream, can be in fact dangerous. The roles and expectations of gender have strong cultural influences as well. Gender across cultures has been studied extensively, regarding the different identities accepted in the mainstream, roles of the genders, and historical trends of them. Gender Identity and expression has extremely common historical roots, and more gender identities outside of the traditional binary are becoming accepted in the mainstream. Acceptance of gender identities that do not exist within a harsh binary is not exclusively a new concept, just one that is becoming more common in current western society. There are various historical examples of gender identities that were not only recognized, but celebrated, outside the traditional cisgender male and female.

'Transgender' is a term that means that the gender assigned at birth (typically 'AMAB' or 'assigned male at birth' and 'AFAB' or 'assigned female at birth') does not match with the gender a person identifies as. The experiences that transgender people have are vast and may differ from one another, although there are sometimes shared experiences. For instance, a transgender person may feel gender dysphoria (but not everyone will be dysphoric). A transgender person may also feel it necessary to medically transition, or take hormones, or a combination of the two. 'Transsexual' is a term that some transgender people may use after receiving sex-reassignment surgeries and medical transition, but depending on who one is talking to, this term may be considered outdated and the person may instead opt to simply continue using the term 'transgender' as their identification.

Some people use the word 'transgender' to mean somewhat different things, as the word has expanded and changed since it was first invented in 1965.

Some factors involved in transgender identification are:

All three of these factors contribute to how a person labels their self, and make gender a confusing construct to navigate. People can have gender presentations that don't match their gender identity, or a gender identity that doesn't match the gender they were assigned at birth, etc. A person whose gender identity matches the gender they were assigned at birth is called 'cisgender'. As time has passed, the growing voice of LGBTQ+ issues and rise of educational resources on the topics of gender and sexuality has allowed for many to learn about transgender issues, and help others with their own gender navigation.

It is possible to have every different combination of sex, gender identity, and gender expression. For example:


There are many people whose gender identity differs from the one they are at birth, but the person hides it due to fear of rejection, laws that do not protect transgender people, being abandoned or cut off by family and friends, and even fear of getting assaulted.

For instance, a woman going on a date may have to grapple with the decision of when and or if she should tell her date that she is transgender. There is the chance that her date will not care that she is transgender and they can carry on, and she will be happy knowing that she can safely be herself around this person. However, there's also the chance that her date will react angrily and misgender her after finding out she is transgender, and maybe even assault her. A person who identifies as nonbinary may keep their identity a secret to their family out of fear of being kicked out and left homeless, or sent to conversion therapy.

Many people go through this fear, so it is very normal to feel scared.

Another issue that has come up recently is one that feminists, who believe one can dress however they want, argue over whether someone claiming to be a woman and deciding to wear a dress
should be treated as a woman based on this self-identification. This is a matter of dispute within the feminist movement. You can wear whatever you want and still be a woman. A transwoman AMAB who wears a dress makes it so that the feminist movement can not move past this idea that women must wear a dress. Women who see themselves as feminists have strong views on both sides of the issue of whether or not trans women are women,to the point that they deny those who hold the opposite view are real feminists.

Women who see feminism as based on fighting against the oppression of biological women based on biological sex often call themselves "gender critical" or "gender abolitionists" (the latter idea based on the expectation of particular dress or behavior being itself oppression). Those who disagree often label these women "Trans-Exclusionary Radical Feminists", or "TERFs".

When a person's gender identity and body do not match, they may go to see a doctor. The doctor may help them change their body if that is what they want. A psychiatrist may diagnose this person with Gender identity disorder (gender dysphoria), but medical diagnosis itself is a controversial subject because being transgender has one been considered to be a mental illness, the stigma is still there. Principle 18 of the Yogyakarta Principles, a document about international law on human rights states that "any classifications to the contrary, a person's gender identity is not in and of itself, medical condition". And "Activist's Guide" to them says that "gender identity" or "gender identity disorder" exists still in categories of mental illness, contrary to the "sexual orientation" removed from such categories.

But despite the strides taken to remove the stigma of mental illness in being transgender, gatekeeping by doctors and therapists make most transgender people struggle to achieve their ideal self. In most cases, doctors require therapists to 'diagnose' whether their patient is 'transgender enough' to take hormones or have surgery. And even if you do that diagnosis, a surgeon can refuse to perform surgery on you.

For children about to enter puberty, drugs called puberty blockers can slow down or temporarily stop the process of puberty. This gives the person more time to explore their gender identity and decide if surgery is what they want.


America's Army

America's Army is a multiplayer first-person shooter computer game series. It can be played using Windows, Macintosh, or Linux. It is the official game of the United States Army. The first version was free. It came out on July 4, 2002. It has been updated many times since then. The second important release was "America's Army: Special Forces" in November 2003. "America's Army" was made by the "MOVES Institute" at the Naval Postgraduate School. It is based on the Unreal engine.

"America's Army" is a tactical shooter. "The Boston Globe" called it a "serious game", "part of a new wave of computer simulations that provide entertaining lessons about real-world activities". According to the game's website, America's Army "provides civilians with an inside perspective and a virtual role in today's premier land force: the U.S. Army. The game is designed for verisimilitude and to provide an accurate portrayal of Soldier experiences across a number of occupations. In the game, players will explore progressive individual and collective training events within the game. Once they successfully completed these events they will advance to multiplayer operations in small units."

On February 20, 2005 there were 4.6 million registered players, and 2.7 million of them had finished basic training. Also, there were more than 15,000 servers being used, and 1.3 million rounds being played each day. The game has been changed a lot. This keeps people interested in the game. It can be found as a free download on the Internet or on a CD-ROM at recruiting centers around the United States.

In 1999, Lieutenant Colonel E. Casey Wardynski, a professor at the U.S Military Academy at West Point decided to tell the Deputy Chief of Staff for Personnel and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Military Manpower about his idea for an online computer game. His basic idea eventually became America's Army. In the same year, fewer people were joining the army. . Congress decided to use "aggressive, innovative experiments" including America's Army to get more people to join the Army.

The first release was July 4, 2002, and other changes (called patches) were added. On November 6, 2003, version 2.0 of "America's Army: Special Forces" was made. (Go here for more information about the different version). The Army is spending about USD$3 million a year to make more versions of the game.

Another AA version called "America's Army: Rise of a Soldier" is available on Playstation 2 and Xbox. This version was developed by UbiSoft. 

Since "America's Army" was created, people have complained about its purpose. People have argued about the Army using its money to make a game. They are also worried about how this game will change people's lives.

In "America's Army" there are teams of soldiers fighting in a war. The person who is playing controls a soldier of the "US Army" from the character's eyes. This is called first person.
Players fight as either the US Army or Indigenous forces ("IF"). They fight against a team called "OPFOR" (Army lingo for "Opposing Forces"). There are different kinds of OPFORs called "insurgents", "enemy forces" or "terrorists".

One of "America's Army"'s different features is the way the enemies are. The players are split into two different teams. There is usually an "assault" group and a "defense" group. The "assault" loses the round if the time limit runs out, which is usually ten minutes.

The players on each team see themselves as American soldiers with American weapons, such as the "M16A2". Their opponents look like non-uniformed people with Eastern bloc weapons, like the "AK-47" (the counterpart of the "M16A2" in the game). In training maps the only distinguishing features are the players' uniforms. The development team did this to make the game realistic for players on both sides. They allowed everyone to play on the side of the American forces. They also avoided the problem of asking players to kill American soldiers.

On the Special Forces maps, players can also play as non-uniformed people with Eastern bloc weapons (known as Indigenous forces ("IF") in the game), but be on the same team as regular army forces.

This is confusing to many players because when they pick up an enemy weapon, it works differently than the US version. An AK-47 removed from a fallen opponent is fully automatic, more powerful, but less accurate than his M16. But when his opponent had it, to him it "was" an M16. The important thing is that each weapon behaves as the owner sees it. It transforms when it is picked up. If people pay a lot of attention might notice that the enemies weapons behave wrong, but it is hard to notice.

Every round starts with both teams spawning at the same time. Players can join the other team, but cannot play as the OPFOR. Equipment is not bought but selected through choosing a class.

The goal of the game is to complete the objectives, kill the enemy team. For example, one objective could be to kill the "V.I.P.", who is trying to survive and escape. If a player joined the other team, he would have to protect the same V.I.P. The round is over if a team wins0, or if the time limit is reached. For a listing of missions gohere.

The game remembers how many people each player has killed, how many times each team has won, how many times each player has been killed, and how well the player is completing the objectives. The game then distributes score which calculates the player's "Honor" level.

Every time a player is killed, every time he fails to protect an objective which he is assigned to defend, and especially every killing of teammates or his allies caused by friendly fire is called a violation of the "ROE" (Rules of engagement) in the game and has an extremely negative effect on his score and "Honor". If too many points are lost in a round, the player is put in "jail" and kicked out of the server. As of February 2005 95.2% of AA players had 0-20 HONOR points, 3.3% had 20-40 points, 1% had 40-60, and .4% had 61-80 points.

Every healing of injured teammates and every killing of opponents increases a players score and "Honor". Completing the game's missions affects a player's score in a good way and his "Honor" points as well. The score is saved in the player's account that was being used. Some servers only allow players with certain Honor levels to join. The most common is to not let anyone with less than 10 Honor in because this is the base level that everyone starts with. Some also do not let players with too much Honor in. The developers say that "Honor" is based on the values of the Army: "Loyalty, Duty, Respect, Selfless Service, Honor, Integrity and Personal Courage or Leadership". Its main purpose in the game is stop "team-killing", which is a problem in a lot of online first-person shooters (see team killer).

The game depicts real guns. The guns have all the same traits as the real versions. Each gun has different accuracy, power, recoil, and rate of jamming. To aim, there are cross-hairs and iron sights.

Players may select a "class" like "squad leader", "rifleman", "automatic rifleman", "grenadier", or "sniper"; these classes decide what weapon the player will have at the beginning of each round. Some players from each team may be "medics". Medics can help their teammates get better after they get shot. Being a medic is an extra ability which is added to the class. The Honor points are used to decide which players gets which class. Players with more Honor usually get to pick their class first.

Each gun also can jam in action. When a gun jams it means that it stops working because a part is stuck. The player then needs to press a button to fix the gun. This can be a problem because it makes it so that the player cannot shoot for a few seconds. AA was the first game ever to have player's guns jam.

Every firearm in the game has either iron sights or a telescopic sight (for sniper rifles); while using the sights, a zoom effect enlarges objects in view. The iron sights enlarge to a small degree, the telescopic sights to large one. Until he stops zooming, the player's moving speed is additionally decreased.

In the first few versions, weapons could only hurt players and glass. For example, a grenade could not destroy a television but a gun could put a bullet hole in the screen. Compared to most games, the grenades and are more deadly. They tried to make the blast radius of grenades more like real life than it usually is in other games. Getting hurt by weapons always leads to some bleeding, which causes a player's health gauge to go down over time. Injuries make players slower, they also make it harder for the player to shoot where they are aiming. Sometimes, if the player does not get help from a medic, they will die.

In the newer versions of the game players can make changes to their weapons. For example, the M4 Carbine can be change in different ways and let the soldier have features that work better on a certain map. For example, on a large map a scope and a bi-pod might be picked, but in a city a player might choose only iron sights and a M203 grenade launcher.

Every player starts the round with one or two guns, some grenades and, on some maps, night vision goggles or binoculars. A list of the weapons is here:



The map list is sorted by the version they were released with, with newer maps coming first. The game currently has 28 multiplayer maps and 14 single player training missions. Completing these training missions unlocks things like the ability to play online or to become a medic, a special forces unit or a sniper. Maps have different sizes, objectives, and weapons that players can have. 
However, no known custom maps have been made because there is no level editor for the game and the developers made it impossible for players to use the level design computer program "UnrealEd", which works for other Unreal engine games.


Newest Version is 2.8.3.1

Version 2.7 came out June 2006

Version 2.6 is available for Microsoft Windows, Linux and for Mac OS X.



Heterosexuality

Heterosexuality is a sexual orientation. Heterosexual people are sexually attracted to the opposite gender, and this may involve romantic feelings, or sexual activity. Another less formal word for heterosexual is "straight".

People who are not heterosexual may be homosexual, bisexual or asexual. Many people in Western society are heteronormative, which means that they believe that heterosexuality is better than other forms of sexuality. This often leads to discrimination.

Sexual orientation is thought to be caused by genetics and hormones when a baby is growing in its mother. Hormones play a role in making men and women have differences in a region of the brain called the sexually dimorphic nucleus, which is involved in sexual attraction. Men have larger clusters in the hypothalamus than women, similar to other mammals.

In the Catholic Church and many Christian churches as well as in Islam and Judaism, a marriage can only be made in a heterosexual pair - man and woman. Marriage that is done in homosexual pair is often seen as a serious sin by those religions.



Hate crime

A hate crime is when someone breaks a law by hurting another person because of prejudice against a group the victim belongs to. Normally, a hate crime is not caused in any way by something the victim did or said, but just because of who they are. Hate crime is often in the form of physical violence, but can also be vandalism and damage to property, insults or other hurtful words, or other violations of human rights. People often commit hate crime because of prejudice about the victim's sex, ethnicity, religion, nationality, gender identity, class, sexual orientation, age, or other things about them. 

The term "hate crime" was first used in the 1980s in the United States, when crimes caused by bias against certain types of people were being talked about in the media. Hate crime is sometimes a way to frighten other people who belong to the same group. This intimidation can be seen as terrorism when it is carried out on a large scale.

In 2009, the Matthew Shepard Act has changed the definition of a hate crime in the law of the United States. It says that crimes which were committed because of the victim's sexual orientation, gender identity or disability are hate crimes. It is the first law that protects transgender people. 

People victimized by violent hate crimes are more likely to experience more psychological distress than victims of other violent crimes. Specifically, victims of crimes that are bias-motivated are more likely to experience post-traumatic stress, safety concerns, depression, anxiety and anger than victims of crimes that are not motivated by bias. Hate crimes send messages to members of the victim’s group that they are unwelcome and unsafe in the community, victimizing the entire group and decreasing feelings of safety and security. Furthermore, witnessing discrimination against one’s own group can lead to psychological distress and lower self-esteem.


Gay bashing

Gay bashing and gay bullying is when someone attacks a person or group of people because they are gay or lesbian or bisexual or transgender.

Studies show that bullying happens to people who are gay or lesbian more often than to others in general. As teenagers, gay young men are more likely to be bullied than lesbians.
Gay bullying can become a type of hate crime or hate speech.



Emergency medicine

Emergency Medicine is a specialty of medicine. A specialty is a special part of medicine where a doctor may have more knowledge. Examples are Pediatrics (doctors who care for children), Geriatrics (doctors who care for elderly people), and Cardiology (doctors who know more about the heart.)

Emergency Medicine (abbreviation EM) is sometimes also called "Accident and Emergency Medicine" (AEM). 

EM doctors specialize in treating diseases and injuries that need "immediate" care. These kind of diseases or injuries are called "emergencies". If they are not helped quickly, the person may become more sick or even die.

Doctors that specialize in EM usually work in Emergency Departments. This is also called a casualty department or Emergency room. These are places in hospitals where people go if they have an emergency. They may have a red cross or red letters on the sign to show it is the Emergency Department. This way, even people who cannot read know where to go.

Doctors who specialize in EM must know some about all of the different specialties of medicine. They treat people of all ages. They treat both men and women. They must know how to treat any kind of emergency. But they may not know "quite" as much about the "chronic" treatments of diseases over years. However, many people come to the Emergency Department with problems that are not emergencies. So EM doctors must also know about how to treat "non"-emergencies.

Berkeley, California

Berkeley is a city in the U.S. State of California. It is a suburb of San Francisco. It is famous for the college, University of California, Berkeley, where many political protests were held in the 1960s. It is also famous for its gourmet food and art scenes. Also, it is the native city of the punk band Green Day. BOINC or the Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing was created at the University of California in Berkeley.

Berkeley is on the San Francisco Bay's eastern shore, north of Oakland. It is in Alameda County.

Medical specialty

Medicine is a very complex field. In the past, a doctor could learn almost all that we knew about medicine. Now that is impossible. So after finishing medical school, young doctors choose what kind of doctor they wish to be. After school, they usually do more years of training to learn about the kind of medical specialty they want to do.

Some doctors try to learn "some" about all of the different subjects of medicine and how to treat all patients. These doctors are called 'primary care' doctors or "primary care physicians" (PCPs). Sometimes they are also called 'generalists' or even 'general practitioners.' In the United States, these kind of doctors are sometimes called family practitioners or family medicine doctors. When a problem is strange or complex, they give it to a specialist. 

There are other doctors who are also 'primary care' doctors. Pediatricians are primary care doctors, but only for children. Internists are primary care doctors for adults. Some gynecologists do primary care, but for women only.

Other doctors are called 'specialists'. This means they have learned more about certain types of medical care. For example:

In the broadest meaning of 'medicine', there are many different specialties. However, within medical circles, there are two broad categories: "Medicine" and "Surgery." 
There are some medical specialties that do not fit into either of these categories, like radiology, pathology, and anesthesia.

In the U.S., all specialties must pass all three steps of the national medical board examinations. Steps I and II happen during medical school. Step III happens during intern year, where a person works as a student at a hospital. 

After a person passes these exams, they then have to pass more exams that are specifically about their specialty. These tests are both written and oral. 

A doctor is board-certified in their specialty after: 
There are only a few training spots per specialty each year, so some specialties can be very competitive. Some medical students do not get to train in the specialty they want. Other specialties do not have nearly enough doctors. This can happen because not enough doctors apply for training spots; because more training spots are needed; or because many people fail out of their training program. 

Surgical training requires at least five years of residency after medical school. Sub-specialties of surgery often require seven or more years. In addition, fellowships can last another one to three years. Because fellowships can be competitive, many trainees spend another two years on research. Because of this, for some people, their surgical training will not finish until more than a decade after medical school. 

Surgical training can be very difficult and can take a lot of time. An average surgical resident works 75 hours per week. 

Some subspecialties of surgery, like neurosurgery, require even longer hours. Residents training in these specialties often work 80 hours a week. Officially, these specialties only allow their residents to work up to 88 hours per week. However, many surgical programs still require residents to work more than 88 hours a week. 

Attempts to limit the amount of hours that surgical residents work have been difficult, because: 

Medical training, unlike surgical training, requires three years of residency training after medical school. Doctors can then do a one- to two-year fellowship in their subspecialty. In general, medical residents work less hours than surgical residents.

Pediatrics

Pediatrics is the specialty of medicine that cares for infants, children, and adolescents. The ages can vary from the early months until 18-21. A person who works in pediatrics is called a pediatrician. 

Pediatricians can be primary care doctors or they can be specialists.

Pediatricians take care of diseases that children get. They also make sure that children develop normally and try to prevent illness. One of the most important ways that children's diseases can be prevented is by immunization. Immunization is also called vaccination.

In the nineteenth century, one in five children died before the age of five. Most of these deaths were from infectious diseases. Today "some" of these deaths are prevented by treating disease when it happens. Most of it is from preventing disease with immunizations.

Pediatricians also try to prevent other diseases and injury before they happen. They teach parents about safety and nutrition. They may teach older children or "adolescents" about avoiding injury or addiction to alcohol and tobacco. Because childhood is such a time of change, prevention is a major part of pediatrics.

Many pediatricians work as primary care doctors. This type of pediatrician conducts regular health and wellness checkups. They also diagnose and treat a wide range of common health conditions, give vaccinations, and provide appropriate health advice to young people and their parents or caregivers.


Jenna Bush Hager

Jenna Welch Hager (née Bush; born November 25, 1981) is an American news personality, author, and journalist. She is the co-host of "Today with Hoda & Jenna", the fourth morning news program of "Today." Hager is the daughter of the 43rd president of the United States, George W. Bush and First Lady Laura Bush. Hager is also a granddaughter of the 41st president of the United States, George H. W. Bush and First Lady Barbara Bush.

Uncyclopedia

Uncyclopedia is an encyclopedia that parodies Wikipedia, calling itself "the content-free encyclopedia". It is a parody website.

Uncyclopedia was started by Jonathan Huang and his friend named "Stillwaters". It was made on January 5, 2005. Uncyclopedia's logo is a hollow potato named Sophia. Its color is desert sand. This makes fun of Wikipedia's globe logo.

It's a joke wiki that pretends to be useful. Every page is filled with made up facts and jokes. Users make fun of things by creating pages about them.

They have a guide on writing called HTBFANJS (How To Be Funny And Not Just Stupid). This page helps users learn how Uncyclopedia is not like Wikipedia. It also helps people write so it matches the rest of Uncyclopedia.Most encyclopedias try not to have opinions on things. They just try to tell facts. Uncyclopedia has its own opinions about things. These opinions are often silly. For example, Uncyclopedia thinks that Oscar Wilde was the best man ever. These opinions become memes that are added into jokes all over Uncyclopedia.


Esperanto

Esperanto is a constructed auxiliary language. Its creator was L. L. Zamenhof, a Polish eye doctor. He created the language to make international communication easier. His goal was to design Esperanto in such a way that people can learn it much more easily than any other national language.

At first, Zamenhof called the language ', which means "The International Language" in Esperanto. Soon, people began calling it by the simpler name ', which means "one who hopes". That name comes from "" ("Doctor who hopes"), which is what Zamenhof called himself in his first book about Esperanto.

There are people who speak Esperanto in many countries and in all the major continents. No one knows exactly how many people now speak Esperanto in the world. Most sources say that there are between several hundred thousand and two million Esperanto speakers. A few people grew up speaking Esperanto as their first language. There may perhaps be around 2,000 of these people. Therefore, Esperanto is the most-used constructed language in the world.

A person who speaks or supports Esperanto is often called an "Esperantist".

L. L. Zamenhof created Esperanto. He grew up in Białystok, a town that was in the Russian Empire, but is now in Poland. People in Białystok spoke many languages. Zamenhof saw conflicts between individual ethnic groups living there (Russians, Poles, Germans and Jews). He thought that lack of a common language caused these conflicts, so he began creating a language people could share and use internationally. He thought this language should be different from national languages. He wanted it to be culturally neutral and easy-to-learn. He thought people should learn it along with national languages and use Esperanto for communication between people with different native languages.

First, Zamenhof thought about bringing Latin back into use. Although he learned it in school, he realized it was too difficult for normal use. He also studied English and understood that languages did not need to conjugate verbs by person or number. Once he saw two Russian words: "швейцарская" (reception, derived from "швейцар" - receptionist) and "кондитерская" (confectionery, derived from "кондитер" - confectioner). These words with the same ending gave him an idea. He decided that regular prefixes and suffixes could decrease the number of word roots, which one would need for a communication. Zamenhof wanted the root words to be neutral, so he decided to use word roots from Romance and Germanic languages. Those languages were taught in many schools in many places around the world at that time.

Zamenhof did his first project "Lingwe uniwersala" (Universal Language) in 1878. But his father, a language teacher, regarded his son's work as unrealistic. So, he destroyed the original work. Between 1879 and 1885 Zamenhof studied medicine in Moscow and Warsaw. In these days he again worked on an international language. In 1887 he published his first textbook ' ("The International Language"). According to Zamenhof's pen-name ' ("Doctor who hopes"), many people started calling the language as "Esperanto".

Zamenhof received a lot of enthusiastic letters. In the letters, people wrote their suggestions for changes to the language. He noted all of the suggestions. He published them in the magazine "La Esperantisto". In this magazine, Esperanto speakers could vote about the changes. They did not accept them. The magazine had many subscribers in Russia. It was eventually banned (stopped) there because of an article about Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy. Publishing of the magazine ended after that. The new magazine "Lingvo Internacia" replaced it.

In the first years of Esperanto's life, people used it only in written form, but in 1905 they organized the first (1st) World Congress of Esperanto in Boulogne-sur-Mer, France. This was the first notable use of Esperanto in international communication. Because of the success of the congress, it is organized each year (except years of the World Wars) to this day.

In 1912 Zamenhof resigned his leading position in the movement during the eighth (8th) World Congress of Esperanto in Kraków, Poland. The tenth (10th) World Congress of Esperanto in Paris, France, did not take place because of the start of World War I. Nearly 4000 people signed up for this congress.

During World War I the World Esperanto Association had its main office in Switzerland, which was neutral in the war. Hector Hodler's group of volunteers with support of Romain Rolland helped send letters between the enemy countries through Switzerland. In total, they helped with 200,000 cases.

After World War I there was new hope for Esperanto because of the desire of people to live in peace. Esperanto and its community grew in those days. The first World Congress after the war took place in Hague, Netherlands, in 1920. An Esperanto Museum was opened in Vienna, Austria, in 1929. Today it is part of the Austrian National Library.

World War II stopped this growing of the language. Many Esperantists were sent into the battle. Nazis broke up Esperanto groups because they saw the language as a part of a worldwide Jewish conspiracy. Many Esperanto speakers died in concentration camps. The Soviet Union also treated Esperantists badly when Stalin was their leader.

After World War II many people supported Esperanto. 80 million people signed a petition supporting Esperanto for use in the United Nations.

Every year they organize big Esperanto meetings such as the World Congress of Esperanto, International Youth Congress of Esperanto and SAT-Congress (meeting of "Sennacieca Asocio Tutmonda" - World Non-national Association).

In 1990, the Holy See published the document "Norme per la celebrazione della Messa in esperanto", allowing the use of Esperanto in Masses without special permission. Esperanto is the only constructed language which received a permission like this one from the Roman Catholic Church.

Esperanto has many web pages, blogs, podcasts, and videos. People also use Esperanto in social media and online discussions and in their private communication through e-mail and instant messaging. Several (especially open source and free software) programmes have their own language version in Esperanto. Internet radio station "Muzaiko" has been broadcasting 24 hours a day in Esperanto since 2011.

Zamenhof wanted to make an easy language to increase international understanding. He wanted Esperanto to be a universal second language. In other words, although he did not want Esperanto to replace national languages, he wanted a majority of people around the world to speak Esperanto. Many Esperantists initially shared this goal. General Assembly of UNESCO recognized Esperanto in 1954. Since then World Esperanto Association has got official relations with UNESCO. However, Esperanto was never chosen by the United Nations or other international organizations and it has not become a widely accepted second language.

Some Esperanto speakers like Esperanto for reasons other than its use as a universal second language. They like the Esperanto community and culture. Developing the Esperanto culture is a goal for that people.

People who care more about Esperanto's current value than about its potential for universal use are sometimes called "raŭmistoj" in Esperanto. The ideas of these people can together be called "", or "Raumism" in English. The names come from the name of the town of Rauma, in Finland. The International Youth Congress of Esperanto met there in 1980 and made a big statement. They said that making Esperanto a universal second language was not their main goal.

People who have goals for Esperanto that are more similar to Zamenhof's are sometimes called ' in Esperanto. The name comes from ', an Esperanto phrase which means "final victory". It refers to a theoretical future in which nearly everyone on Earth speaks Esperanto as a second language.

The Prague Manifesto (1996) states the ideas of the ordinary people of the Esperanto movement and of its main organization, the World Esperanto Association (UEA).

German town Herzberg am Harz uses nickname "die Esperanto-Stadt/la Esperanto-urbo" ("the Esperanto town") since July 12, 2006. They also teach the language in elementary schools and do some other cultural and educational events using the Esperanto language together with the Polish twin town Góra.

Esperanto is the only constructed language that the Roman Catholic Church recognises as a liturgical language. They allow Masses in the language and Vatican Radio broadcasts in Esperanto every week.

Many people use Esperanto to communicate by mail, email, blogs or chat rooms with Esperantists in other countries. Some travel to other countries to meet and talk in Esperanto with other Esperantists.

There are annual meetings of Esperantists. The largest is the ' ("World Congress of Esperanto"), which is held in a different country each year. In recent years around 2,000 people have attended it, from 60 or more countries. For young people there is ' ("International Youth Congress of Esperanto").

A lot of different cultural activities take place during Esperanto meetings: concerts of Esperanto musicians, dramas, discos, presentations of the culture of the host country and culture of the countries of the participants, lectures, language-courses, and so on. At the location of Esperanto meetings there is also a pub, a tearoom, a bookstore, etc. with Esperanto-speaking workers. The number of activities and possibilities depends on the size or on the theme of the meeting.

There are books and magazines written in Esperanto. Much literature has been translated into Esperanto from other languages, including famous works, like the Bible (first time in 1926) and plays by Shakespeare. Works that are less famous have also been translated into Esperanto, and some of these do not have English translations.

Important Esperanto writers are for example: Trevor Steele (Australia), István Nemere (Hungary) and Mao Zifu (China). William Auld was a British writer of poetry in Esperanto and honorary president of the Esperanto PEN Centre (Esperanto part of International PEN). Some people recommended him for the Nobel Prize in Literature.

There is music of different genres in Esperanto, including folk songs, rock music, cabaret, songs for solo singers, choirs and opera. Among active Esperanto musicians is for example Swedish socio-critical music group "La Perdita Generacio", Occitan singer "JoMo", the Finnish group "Dolchamar", Brazilian group "Supernova", Frisian group "Kajto" or Polish singer-songwriter Georgo Handzlik. Also some popular music writers and artists, including Elvis Costello and American singer Michael Jackson recorded songs in Esperanto, composed songs inspired by the language or used it in their promotional materials. Some songs from the album Esperanto from Warner Bros., which released - all in Esperanto - in Spain, in November 1996, reached a high position in the Spanish record charts; similarly, in 1999, in Germany, hip-hop music group "Freundeskreis" became famous with their single "Esperanto". Classical works for orchestra and choir with texts in Esperanto are "La Koro Sutro" by Lou Harrison and "The First Symphony" by David Gaines. In Toulouse, France, there is Vinilkosmo, which produces Esperanto music. The main internet Esperanto songbook KantarViki has got 3,000 songs in May 2013, both original and translated.

They play dramas from different writers such as Carlo Goldoni, Eugène Ionesco and William Shakespeare also in Esperanto. Filmmakers sometimes use Esperanto in the background of films, for example in "The Great Dictator" by Charlie Chaplin, in the action film "Blade: Trinity" or in comedy sci-fi television series "Red Dwarf". Feature films in Esperanto are not very common, but there are about 15 feature films, which have Esperanto themes.

The 1966 film "Incubus" is notable because its dialogues are in Esperanto only. Today some people translate subtitles of different films to Esperanto. The website "Verda Filmejo" collects these subtitles.

Radio stations in Brazil, China, Cuba and Vatican broadcast regular programmes in Esperanto. Some other radio programmes and podcasts are available on the Internet. Internet radio station "Muzaiko" broadcasts Esperanto programmes on the Internet 24 hours a day since July 2011. Between 2005 and 2006 there was also a project of international television "Internacia Televido" in Esperanto. Esperanto TV broadcasts on the Internet from Sydney, Australia, since April 5, 2014.

On the Internet there are many online discussions in Esperanto about different topics. There are many websites, blogs, podcasts, videos, television, and radio stations in Esperanto (see above). Google Translate supports translations from and into Esperanto since February 22, 2012 as its 64th language.

Apart from websites and blogs of esperantists and Esperanto organizations, there is also an Esperanto Wikipedia (Vikipedio) and other projects of Wikimedia Foundation which has also got their Esperanto language version or they use Esperanto (Wikibooks, Wikisource, Wikinews, Wikimedia Commons and Wikidata). People can also use an Esperanto version of social networks, for example Facebook, Diaspora and other websites.

Several computer programmes also have an Esperanto version, such as web browser Firefox and office suite (set of programmes for use in an office) "LibreOffice".

Esperanto uses grammar and words from many natural languages, such as Latin, Russian, and French. Morphemes in Esperanto (the smallest parts of a word that can have a meaning) cannot be changed and people can combine them into many different words. The language has got common attributes with isolating languages (they use word order to change the meaning of a sentence) such as Chinese, while the inner structure of Esperanto words has got common attributes with agglutinative languages (they use affixes to change the meaning of a word), such as Turkish, Swahili and Japanese.

Esperanto's grammar (rules of language) is meant to be simple. The rules in Esperanto never change and can always be applied in the same way

The Esperanto alphabet is based on the Latin script. It has six letters with diacritics: ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ, ŝ (with circumflex), and ŭ (with breve). The alphabet does not have the letters "q, w, x," or "y".

The 28-letter alphabet is:
Even though the world uses Unicode, the letters with diacritics (found in the "Latin-Extended A" section of the Unicode Standard) can cause problems with printing and computing, because they are not found on the keyboards we use.

There are two remedies of this problem, both of which use digraphs for the letters with diacritics. Zamenhof, the inventor of Esperanto, an "h-system", which replaces "ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ, ŝ," and "ŭ" with "ch, gh, hh, jh, sh," and "u," respectively. A more recent "x-system" has also been used, which replaces "ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ, ŝ," and "ŭ" with "cx, gx, hx, jx, sx," and "ux," respectively.

There are computer keyboards that support the Esperanto alphabet, for example, for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux, for Windows Phone, and Gboard & AnySoftKeyboard for Android.


Some of the criticism of Esperanto is common for any project of constructed international language: a new language has little chance to replace today's international languages like English, Arabic and others.

The criticism, which is specific for Esperanto, targets various parts of the language itself (the special Esperanto letters, the "-n" ending, sound of the language, and so on).

Some people say that use of the diacritics (the letters ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ, ŝ, ŭ) make the language less neutral than it would be using only the basic letters of Latin alphabet. No other language uses the letters ĉ, ĥ and ĵ. The letter ĥ is the least used letter in Esperanto and ĵ is not used frequently either, leading people to question how necessary they are.

Critics of Esperanto also say that the same ending of an adjective and a noun (such as "", "", "") is unnecessary. English, for example, does not have the requirement that an adjective and noun must agree in tense, and has no indicator for accusative cases.

They also criticize the fact that most of the words in Esperanto come from Indo-European languages, which makes the language less neutral.

One of the common criticisms from both non-Esperanto-speakers and those who speak Esperanto, is that there is language sexism in Esperanto. Some words by default refer to males, and the feminine counterparts have to be constructed by adding the "-in-" suffix to the masculine root. Such a words are words like ' (father) and ' (mother), ' (son) and ' (daughter), ' (uncle) and ' (aunt), and so on. The majority of all Esperanto words have no specific meaning on the basis of sex. Some people proposed the suffix "-iĉ-" with male meaning in order to make the meaning of the basic word neutral. However this proposal is not widely accepted by Esperanto speakers.

Criticism of some parts of Esperanto motivated the creation of various new constructed languages like Ido, Novial, Interlingua and Lojban. However, none of these constructed languages have as many speakers as Esperanto does.

Normal sample: Ĉiuj homoj estas denaske liberaj kaj egalaj laŭ digno kaj rajtoj. Ili posedas racion kaj konsciencon, kaj devus konduti unu la alian en spirito de frateco.

Version in h-system: Chiuj homoj estas denaske liberaj kaj egalaj lau digno kaj rajtoj. Ili posedas racion kaj konsciencon, kaj devus konduti unu la alian en spirito de frateco.

Version in x-system: Cxiuj homoj estas denaske liberaj kaj egalaj laux digno kaj rajtoj. Ili posedas racion kaj konsciencon, kaj devus konduti unu la alian en spirito de frateco.

Simple English translation: All people are free and equal in dignity and rights. They are reasonable and moral, and should act kindly to each other.

People sometimes use the word "Esperanto" in a metaphoric way (not in its literal sense). They use it to say that something aims to be international or neutral, or it uses a wide mixture of ideas. They say the programming language Java is "independent of specific computer systems [e.g. Windows, Android] like Esperanto is independent of ... nations". Similarly, they call the font "Noto" "the Esperanto of fonts" because it tries to work well for every culture's writing.


Barbara Bush

Barbara Pierce Bush (June 8, 1925 – April 17, 2018) was the first lady of the United States from 1989 to 1993 as the wife of the 41st president of the United States, George H. W. Bush. Before becoming first lady, she was the second lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989 when her husband was vice president.

Barbara Pierce was born on June 8, 1925, in New York City, to Pauline Pierce and Marvin Pierce. She was raised in Indian Village in Rye, New York, and received her primary education at Milton Public School and Rye Country Day School before attending Ashley Hall, a boarding school in South Carolina.

Pierce married Bush at the Rye First Presbyterian Church on January 6, 1945, when she was 19 years old. For the first eight months of their marriage, Bush and her husband moved around the Eastern United States, to places including Michigan, Maryland, and Virginia. They had five children together named George, Robin, Jeb, Neil, Marvin, and Dorothy Bush.

Bush became the second lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 43rd vice president on January 20, 1981. As second lady, Bush joined several associations and programs to promote literacy. She also traveled across the United States and abroad, both with her husband and solo while representing him. By the end of her eight years as second lady, Bush counted 65 different nations that she had visited.

Bush became the first lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 41st president on January 20, 1989. As first lady, her day-to-day activities often included charity work, meetings, or interviews until 6pm, and give tours of the White House. She also exercised in the White House pool, swimming 72 laps to complete a mile each day. 
While as first lady, Bush continued her work in promoting literacy that she had started while as second lady. In March 1989, she founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy to promote further literacy programs. In 1990, she hosted the "Mrs. Bush's Storytime" radio program for ABC, which she read to children. She wrote the children's book "Millie's Book" about Millie's new litter of puppies in 1990. 

Bush donated the profits to her literacy foundation. During her time as first lady, she raised millions of dollars to fund literacy programs, including from companies such as GM and Motorola. Her advocacy contributed to the 1989 education summit, and she convinced her husband to end his opposition to the National Literacy Act of 1991, allowing it to be passed into law.

Bush died in her Houston home at the age of 92 on April 17, 2018. President Donald Trump ordered flags to half-staff in her memory. Her funeral was held at St. Martin's Episcopal Church in Houston on April 21, 2018. She was buried at the George Bush Presidential Library in College Station, Texas, beside the grave of her daughter Robin.

In 1995, Bush received the Award for Greatest Public Service Benefiting the Disadvantaged, an award given out annually by the Jefferson Awards Foundation. In 1997, she was the recipient of The Miss America Woman of Achievement Award for her work with literacy programs. The same year, she received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement. In 2016, she received honorary membership in Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Houston chapter.

Multiple schools are named after Barbara Bush. Schools have been named Barbara Bush Elementary School in Houston; Grand Prairie, Texas; and Mesa, Arizona. Schools have been named Barbara Bush Middle School in San Antonio and Irving, Texas. The Barbara Bush Children's Hospital at Maine Medical Center in Portland, Maine, was also named in her honor.


Kadis-kot

Kadis-kot is a fictional board game in the TV show "". It is played on a six-sided board with three sets of coloured stones. 

The characters of Naomi Wildman and Seven of Nine played the game sometimes, after the events of the episode "Infinite Regress".


Kenny Rogers

Kenny Rogers (August 21, 1938 – March 20, 2020) was a Grammy Award-winning American singer and songwriter. His best known songs include "The Gambler" and "Lucille". He acted in several movies and television series. He owned a franchise of roast chicken restaurants called "Kenny Rogers Roasters".

On March 20, 2020, Rogers died under hospice care in Sandy Springs, Georgia at age 81. He was diagnosed with bladder cancer in 2017. 

Moundou

Moundou is the capital of the Logone Occidental in Chad. It has a population of 99,530 as of 2003. Moundou lies on one of the main roads in southern Chad. It is the main city of the Ngambai people. Moundou is a center for industry and makes cotton and oil.

Andrew Aagesen

Andrew Aagesen or Andreas Aagesen (August 5, 1826 - October 26, 1879) was a Danish lawyer and politician. The Danish laws of the Sea, of the 1882 was mostly his work.

Andrew Aagesen studied law at Christianshavn and Copenhagen. He stopped his studies in 1848 to take part in the First Schleswig War. He served as the leader of a reserve battalion.

In 1855, he became a professor of jurisprudence at the University of Copenhagen. In 1879, he was elected as a member of the Landsting. He was Carl Christian Hall's successor as a lecturer on Roman law at the University of Copenhagen.

Heart (band)

Heart is a rock band which started in Seattle in the 1960s. It became famous with the release of "Dreamboat Annie" in 1976 when the band-members were living in Vancouver.

Heart was started by Steve Fossen and brothers Roger and Mike Fisher in Seattle. Ann Wilson joined the band in Seattle in 1970. Nancy Wilson joined the band in 1974. From then, Ann and Nancy wrote almost all of the band's songs. From 1976, the band was very successful, and sold many millions of records.

Ann Wilson was the lead singer and sometimes played the flute. Roger Fisher played the lead guitar and sang. Steve Fossen played the bass guitar. Nancy Wilson played lots of different types of guitar and sang. Mike Fisher managed the band and also looked after the sound and the lights. In 1975 some extra people joined the band. Michael DeRosier played the drums. Howard Leese played lots of different instruments and stayed with the band until 1998.

The Fisher brothers left the band in 1979. Steve Fossen and Michael DeRosier left the band in 1982. Denny Carmassi played the drums, Mark Andes played the bass guitar, and Nancy Wilson played the lead guitar. The band did not do much in the 1990s, but Ann & Nancy started doing things again in the early 2000s. Since then, the band has made lots of appearances in public and on TV.

Their best known song is called Barracuda. It was written in 1977 by Ann and Nancy Wilson, Michael DeRosier, Sue Ennis (a friend of Ann and Nancy) and Roger Fisher. Some of the places it has been and used are:

The band's first album went on sale in 1976. It was given the name "Dreamboat Annie". A lot of people liked the album and more than one million (1,000,000) copies of it were sold. The album had the ballads "How Deep It Goes" and "(Love Me Like Music) I'll Be Your song." In addition it had the songs "Magic Man" and "Crazy On You". After lots of people had bought copies of the "Dreamboat Annie" album, Heart changed to a new record company.

Their second album in 1977 was given the name "Little Queen". It had the hard rock song "Barracuda". "Barracuda" and "Dreamboat Annie" are Heart's best known early songs.

A third album was called "Magazine". It was given to the shops by the old record company "before" "Little Queen" was made. Heart did not like this, and wanted all copies of "Magazine" to be destroyed. They took the old record company to court. The judge ordered that the old record company must stop selling the album. The judge also ordered that Heart must make a new album for the old record company. This new album was also called "Magazine". It was given to the shops "after" "Little Queen" was made.

In 1978, the band released "Dog & Butterfly". It was very different in musical style from the first three albums. Sue Ennis was a friend of Ann and Nancy Wilson. She helped write a lot of the songs on "Dog & Butterfly". Two of the songs were named "Straight On" and "Dog & Butterfly". Heart did not sell as many copies of this album. The next two or three albums were not very good. Roger Fisher and Steve Fossen left the band.

In 1985 the band had new people in it, and had a new record company. They made an album called "Heart", and it sold lots of copies. The sort of music that Heart played was different. In the 1970s, the music was hard rock. In the 1980s the music was Top 40 pop. Some of the songs were "How Can I Refuse", "What About Love", "Alone", "Never", "These Dreams" and "All I Want To Do Is Make Love To You".

In the 1990s, as well as performing and touring as Heart, the Wilson sisters started another band with Sue Ennis. They called this band "The LoveMongers". The also set up a recording studio in Seattle which they called "Bad Animals". Bad Animals is also the name of an album they made in 1987.

In 1999, Nancy made a solo album called "Live at McCabes Guitar Shop". In 2007, Ann made a solo album called "Hope & Glory".

Roger Fisher also continues to perform, and has recorded and released several albums of his own.

In 2019, Heart released live album "Live in Atlantic City".




´**"All Through the Nigh" "(Album: Home for the Holidays (Christmas single))"


Golden Earring

Golden Earring is a Dutch rock band. They began in 1961 in The Hague; named the Golden Earrings. In 1969, they became just Golden Earring, (dropping the "s"). They gained worldwide fame with their hit song "Radar Love" in 1973. The single was number one on the Dutch charts, in the top ten in the United Kingdom and number thirteen on the American music charts.

"Twilight Zone" in 1982, and "When the Lady Smiles" in 1984 were also hit singles. During their career they had nearly 30 top-ten singles on the Dutch charts. Over the years they produced 25 studio albums. All musicians in the band have been members of the band since 1970. Other musicians, however, have come and gone during all these years.

In March 2009, Golden Earring celebrated its comeback in the United Kingdom with two concerts in Ipswich and London. Golden Earring's newest studio album was recorded live in a studio in London. It was released in May 2012. The album, named "Tits 'n Ass", went to number one in the Dutch album charts.

Golden Earring went on their first major US tour in 1969 and 1970. Between 1969 and 1984, the band completed thirteen US tours.

Golden Earring enjoyed a brief period of international stardom but were unable to get further chart success until 1982's "Twilight Zone". This was followed by "The Lady Smiles" in 1984.

The Russian rock band Aria made a successful cover version of a single, "Going To The Run". From 1992 to 2004 the band released three acoustic live "unplugged" albums which were successful. Since 1992, the band has performed popular acoustic unplugged theater-shows. The acoustic albums feature unplugged versions of famous hits of the band.

"Radar Love", from the album "Moontan", became a hit in both Europe and the US in 1973. The album "Moontan" itself was awarded a gold record in the States. This is the band's best known song. There have been more than 200 cover versions of this classic rock song. It was voted "best car song ever" by readers of "USA Today" in 2005 and second-best "greatest driving song" in a poll of BBC's programme "Top Gear".

George Kooymans, the band's vocalist and guitarist, wrote "Twilight Zone". It was released in 1982 and brought Golden Earring more success. This song also had one of the first music videos. It was aired on the new music television channel, MTV, which began in 1981. This helped "Twilight Zone" become a Top Ten hit in the States. The song was inspired by the popular TV series "The Twilight Zone".

"When the Lady Smiles", from the album "News", was the next international hit in 1984. It became a top hit in Europe and Canada with the help of a music video. It was not as successful in the States. The music video was banned from MTV because it showed nudity and the rape of a nun.

The complete discography of Golden Earring is 25 studio albums, 8 live albums, 2 compilation albums, and 74 singles. 
This is a list of the studio albums:


Rick Springfield

Richard Springthorpe (born August 23, 1949), known better by his stage name Rick Springfield, is an Australian musician and actor. He was extremely popular in the 1980s thanks to a string of hit songs including "Jessie's Girl", and a recurring role on the TV show, "General Hospital".

Rick Springfield was born on the 23rd of August in 1949.

Anus

The anus is the opening in the human body that is between the buttocks. It is at the end of the gastrointestinal system (including the organs that digest food), where feces or "stool" comes out of the body. 


Orgasm

An orgasm is a sexual climax (or high point). An orgasm happens because of continued sexual touching. During an orgasm, there is a strong feeling of excitement and pleasure. Sexual touching may be sexual intercourse, rubbing or squeezing by hand (called masturbation), or other actions that make the sex organs feel good. 

During an orgasm, a person's body sometimes spasms (shakes or trembles), and the person may appear to be in pain or get a strange look on their face.

The person's brain activity changes quickly. The parts of the brain responsible for fear, worry, and self-control become less active. Many people moan, shout, or say strange things during orgasm. Usually, people's minds focus almost completely on the pleasure of the orgasm and become less aware of what is going on around them than usual.

Orgasms may sometimes happen when people are asleep, this is called a wet dream.

Other mammals may have orgasms when they have sex.

The penis usually becomes erect (hard) before an orgasm, and flaccid (soft) again after. When a man has an orgasm, his penis spasms and undergoes a series of rhythmic contractions, during which he feels a very strong and enjoyable feeling in his penis and groin, and sometimes in all of his body. In a man, an orgasm usually happens at the same time as an ejaculation, which is a release of semen through the penis that can't be stopped. Young boys can orgasm, but there may be no semen because semen release usually occurs (happens) only after puberty has started. After an orgasm, men usually have a deep sense of relaxation, usually felt in the groin and the thighs. Usually the stronger the orgasm is, the deeper the relaxation and the longer the relaxation will last. This is due to the dopamine surge in the brain. 

A woman's orgasm begins in her clitoris, which is the counterpart of the man's penis. It is preceded by an erection of the clitoris and a moistening of the opening of the vagina. When a woman goes through a full orgasm, her uterus, vagina, anus and pelvic muscles undergo a series of rhythmic contractions. Most women find these contractions very pleasurable. Rubbing or applying other consistent pressure against the clitoris is usually needed to help the woman have an orgasm.

Orgasm plays an important role in human reproduction. It is the most exciting moment of sexual intercourse, so it is an important factor that makes men and women want to have intercourse, which allows reproduction to happen. It is also the moment at which the man releases semen into the woman to begin the process of fertilization.

During sexual intercourse, a man places his penis inside a woman's vagina and moves it backwards and forwards. The woman may also move her hips back and forth, or in a circular motion. The friction caused by this movement, together with the warmth and pressure of the vagina, causes the man to have pleasurable feelings in his penis. As intercourse continues, these feelings grow stronger and stronger until the man has an orgasm and ejaculates, at which time semen then shoots out from the end of his penis into the woman's vagina. The semen can make the woman pregnant.

The woman may also have one or more orgasms during intercourse as well. Unlike a man, who usually can have only one orgasm during intercourse, a woman may have more than one. During intercourse, she may rub her clitoris, or she may have her man do so. This can make the woman have an orgasm. The shaft of the penis may also stimulate the clitoris in some positions. Scientists are not sure why women have orgasms. Some believe that the orgasm helps the sperm in the man's semen to swim up the vagina into the cervix so that it is more likely that a sperm cell will fuse with an egg cell. Others think that the woman's orgasm is designed to help make the man reach orgasm. During her orgasm, a woman may moan, cry, or scream, which usually excites her man, and her vagina may contract, gripping the penis more tightly and making sex more exciting for him. These reactions may cause the man to ejaculate more quickly or to produce more semen; when a woman reaches orgasm during intercourse, it often makes her man have an orgasm at that point as well. Orgasm may also encourage a woman to have sex more often as it feels good, increasing the chances of pregnancy. 




Prostate

The prostate is a gland of the male body that adds part of the fluid to semen and acts as the valve between semen and urine. A healthy human prostate is slightly larger than a walnut. It surrounds the urethra just below the urinary bladder.

Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers affecting elderly men in developed (also known as first world) countries and a major cause of death. Regular rectal exams are recommended for older men to detect prostate cancer early. 

The prostate is often referred to as the male G-spot, which is a spot inside the female vagina that causes intense pleasure when it is stimulated. The prostate can be massaged by using a finger or during anal sex. Some males are able to orgasm with prostate stimulation alone.


Fossil

A fossil is the remains or trace of an ancient living thing.

Fossils of animals, plants, or protists occur in sedimentary rock. 

In a typical fossil, the body form is retained, but the original molecules that made up the body have been replaced by some inorganic material, such as calcium carbonate (CaCO) or silica (SiO). The fossil feels like, and is, made of rock. It has been mineralised or "petrified" (literally, turned into rock). 

A fossil may also be an "imprint" or "impression" of a living thing remaining in the fossilised mud of a long-gone age. 

Some organisms fossilise well, others do not. The most common fossils are those left behind by organisms that produce hard materials. The hard, calcitic shells of molluscs (such as clams and snails) and of now-rare brachiopods (also known as lampshells) are examples. These sea-dwelling shellfish have produced many fossiliferous (that is, fossil-bearing) chalky layers of limestone in the earth. 

Soft-bodied organisms can fossilise in special circumstances: the Ediacaran biota is a good example. 

The best-known fossils for the general public are those of the giant, prehistoric dinosaurs. The fossilized bones and fossilized tracks of these huge, ancient reptiles can be seen in many museums of natural history and earth science. 

The study of fossils by geologists and biologists is known as paleontology. If the study puts living things in their ecological context it is called paleobiology.
Examples of fossils include bones, shells, exoskeletons, stone imprints of animals or microbes, objects preserved in amber, hair, petrified wood, oil, coal, and DNA remnants.

People have found many uses for fossils. Some fossils are found and sold. Other fossils like those in the Tamiami formation are used in the construction of roads. In some places fossils are used as a mulch- material used to cover soil. Some fossils are used as a marker to determine formation . 

Some fossils are used as a source of fuel, these fossils are referred to as a fossil fuel.

There are some sites where fossils have been found with remarkable details, or in large numbers. Palaeontologists call these sites by the German term "Lagerstätten". The La Brea tar pits in Los Angeles, California, is such a place. So are the Solnhofen limestone quarries in Bavaria.

In the Earth’s structure a very important place for fossils is the Burgess Shale. It is known for its many important fossil discoveries.

Microscopic, or "very tiny’', fossils are called “microfossils”. Larger, "macroscopic" fossils — such as those of seashells and mammals — are called "macrofossils". Sometimes natural stones look like fossilized organisms, but they are not fossils at all. Rather, they are called "pseudofossils". 

Although most fossils are formed from the hard parts of organisms, there are also "indirect" signs of prehistoric life. Examples such as a worm's trail or an animal's footprint are quite common. These are known as "trace fossils". Fossilized excrement, faeces or dung is known as a "coprolite". A chemical trace of prehistoric organisms is called a "chemofossil". Objects made by prehistoric people are called artifacts but these are not fossils.

Even when the remains of soft-bodied animals are gone, there may be impressions, molds or carbon traces which remain permanently. So, in special cases, we can see fossils of even small, soft invertebrate animals. 

Sometimes a fossil is produced because of dryness (desiccation), freezing, or pine resin. Mummified animals, ice-covered wooly mammoths, and insect-filled amber are examples of such fossils.

Living fossils, however, are "not" fossils at all. Instead, they are modern-day organisms which look like their prehistoric ancestors of many millions of years ago. The ginkgo tree, the coelacanth and the horseshoe crab are good examples.

Many pre-scientific peoples noticed fossils, but not all thought they were the remains of living things. Perhaps the first to leave a record of his thought was the Ancient Greek philosopher Xenophanes (about 570–470). His ideas were reported by later writers:

These ideas were rediscovered in the 17th century in Europe. Nicolas Steno in the Netherlands and Robert Hooke at the Royal Society in London both wrote and gave lectures about fossils. In the 18th century fossil-collecting began, and serious thinking on geology began to make progress. In the 19th century geology became a modern science, and fossils played a part in the theory of evolution.




Nine Inch Nails

Nine Inch Nails (also known as NIN) is an industrial metal band. Trent Reznor writes all the band's music, and plays most of the music himself. He started the band in 1988 in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. Nine Inch Nails has been nominated for twelve Grammy Awards.

"Pretty Hate Machine" was Nine Inch Nails' first album. It came out in 1989. The songs "Down In It", "Head Like A Hole", and "Sin" became famous from the radio and MTV.

In 1992, Nine Inch Nails made an extended play (EP) called "Broken". It had eight songs. The song "Wish" won a Grammy Award. Another album, called "Fixed", has some of the same songs as "Broken", but other musicians have changed the music and added new sounds. It was going to be one album (with eleven tracks, the eight tracks on "Broken" as tracks 1-8 and tracks 4-6 on Fixed as tracks 9-11), making it the second studio album and "The" "Downward Spiral" the third studio album, but decided to split it in half due to personal reasons and it was not the second studio album.

Nine Inch Nails played the first Lollapalooza tour with Jane's Addiction and other bands.

A new album called "The Downward Spiral" came out in 1994. It is the most popular and famous Nine Inch Nails album. Music stores have sold more than 4 million copies of "The Downward Spiral" all together. The songs "Closer", "March Of The Pigs", and "Hurt" were very popular on MTV and radio stations. Trent Reznor asked many other musicians to make remixes of the songs. The remixes were released on a new album called "Further Down The Spiral".

In 1994, Nine Inch Nails played at the Woodstock '94 concert in New York. After that, they became one of the most famous bands in the world. For five years, there were no Nine Inch Nails albums or concerts. Many fans worried that the band they liked would stop making music forever.

Finally, a new album came out in 1999. It was called "The Fragile". It was the longest album Nine Inch Nails had ever made, and the music was very different from their other albums. It was going to release in late 1997 (and was also going to include "The Perfect Drug"), but got pushed back due to personal problems. "The Perfect Drug" was never put on the album. Many of the songs were only music with no words. Songs like that are called "instrumentals". Writers who write about music wrote good things about "The Fragile" in many magazines and newspapers. People knew the music of Nine Inch Nails had changed, but many people thought it was better than before.

Even though many people liked the album, it took Trent Reznor another five years to make another one. This was due to Reznor drinking and becoming addicted to other drugs. He is now healthy. Trent also argued with his manager John Malm over how much money he should make. The court agreed with Trent and John is no longer Trent's manager.

Nine Inch Nails' next album was called "With Teeth". When the song "The Hand That Feeds" was first played on the radio, fans were very happy that Nine Inch Nails had come back. The second song on the album to be played on the radio is "Only" and the third is "Every Day Is Exactly The Same".

Year Zero came out on April 17, 2007. Before it came out, there was a game that people could play. You could find clues to discover more about the story. That kind of game is called an Alternate Reality Game. Only one single came out. That song is called "Survivalism". 

On March 2, 2008, the albums "Ghosts I-IV" (1 to 4) came out. It was made of 4 small albums: "Ghosts 1", "2", "3" and "4". All the songs on these albums were instrumentals. The first album was free to download from the website, or available cheaply to download. This was new in the way that music is sold, because usually music is sold for lots of money, and the money is given to many people, most who did not make the music, but helped give money to the people who did, or sent the music to shops to be sold, or made adverts for it.

After two months since the release of "Ghosts I-IV", a new album came out called "The Slip" on May 5, 2008. "The Slip" was released in three formats for free.

"Hesitation Marks" (2013) was nominated for Best Alternative Music Album at the 2014 Grammy Awards.

Trent Reznor makes almost all of the music for Nine Inch Nails. He is the only member.

When Nine Inch Nails plays at concerts, other musicians are also part of the band. The musicians who play in Nine Inch Nails are not always the same. Now, Trent Reznor sings and plays some instruments, Robin Finck plays the guitar, Justin Meldal-Johnsen plays the bass guitar, and Ilan Rubin plays the drums. 


Remixing

In remixing, a person (often a recording engineer or record producer or lyrics producer) takes a familiar song, splits it into different parts called "tracks", and changes the song's music, instruments, layout, and or vocals to create a new version of the same song. It is called "remixing" due to mixing being the putting together of all the parts of a song, and "remixing" being the putting together of the parts of the song differently than the original.

Remixers, that is, people who remix, are musicians who use a variety of tools, primarily electronic, to create the new song versions. Remixing can be simply moving song parts around; it can also be creating new music for an old song lyric. There are two common kinds of remixing: production and mashups. Production remixing uses new instruments with the old song vocal, and mashups use two old songs mixed together to create a new song.

It is pertinent to mention that the remix of R. Kelly and Beyonce's song "If I were a boy" shows that remixing also involves the editing of the words of a music to publicize more enlightenment gained from over time listening and attuning of the soul to the music by the general public. This tells musicians to be cautious about the wordings of their music. The wordings are as beautiful as the sound the soul hears, because the soul listens to the music and not the ears necessarily. A fine captivating lyrics with poor musical sound can last for many uncountable centuries as most captivating music than a music with a captivating sound but poor lyrics. Events of our daily life can be used to produce remix for most music we have lived out innocently. This is a very green field opportunity for upcoming remixers. E.g. One can do a remix about Dolly Parton's song - Jolene capturing the insecurity of a woman in keeping her man because of her inferior outlook to that of a woman who in her seemed inferior outlook discovers the confidence that Jolene in her air of superiority can never and will never ever be able to take her man even if she looks like the moon on a very dark night or the twinkle stars decorating the dark clouds at night.

Then after some years of listening to it, another remixer releases another insight on why Jolene has to stop exerting that air of superiority on the women around her, seeing she has done so much harm to the concept 'love'. And it can go on and on, bringing out the best styles, tactics and ideology to love better in diversified ways making us more sane with love rather than being insane.

An African can choose to do a remix where Jolene is welcomed by Dolly Parton to share her man with her seeing that it is part of our African religion and we have it as a responsibility to polish it to gold. Music without its lyrics properly guided is dead, this is majorly the essence of remixing. Sounds would be exhausted but knowledge cannot be exhausted and knowledge is an embodiment of the lyrics and not the sound. Tu-face Idibia, P-Square and the rest can explore this.

"Production remixing" requires more musical knowledge than mashups, because one must make their own music. This music generally is within the same key and has the same rhythm or melody as the old song.

Many electronic music artists (music made with computers or other electronic instruments) use computer software to make new music parts, called "tracks". The music parts contain notes which are arranged with a computer program called a sequencer. The actual notes are played by instruments, usually synthesizers, a type of electronic musical instrument that makes sounds by changing the shape of a sound wave. It is also possible for a remixer to use a drum sample kit, a set of sounds of fake or real drums recorded for use on a computer.

Rendering

When the remixer has a proper sequence in the sequencer, he or she can then render the audio part, or track. Rendering requires the sequencer to talk to the musical instrument, usually by computer software or a computer-to-computer talking language called MIDI to an actual electronic keyboard. The sequencer tells the instrument which note to play, and then the instrument plays the note. The sequencer writes this note to a music file on the computer.

A mashup is a remixing style in which a remixer takes two songs and mixes them with each other in a clever way to create a new song. Usually, it is the vocal of the song they want to remix with the other musical parts of an older song.

Instead of using a sequencer and a musical instrument, a remixer can use either record-playing turntables or a computer with an audio sequence editor, for example the program named ACID music. He or she also needs an audio editor, a computer program that allows someone to record sounds into a computer as well as cut them down to smaller bits.

Usually, a small bit of the old song is "cut" in an audio editor into a loop, a piece of music that when played on repeat does not have any skips or musical pauses. This loop is usually called a "sample" in the world of remixing. This sample is then looped (played over and over) in a sequence to create a new sound. The remixer then mixes the vocal of another song over that loop.

It is also possible that a mashup style remixer will take the entire musical part of one song without its vocal - called an instrumental - and take a vocal from another song without the non-voice part - called an acapella, and put them together to create one song.

H. P. Lovecraft

Howard Phillips Lovecraft (August 20, 1890 – March 15, 1937) was an American writer of fantasy, horror and science fiction. 

He wrote many scary short stories. These often were about odd creatures that Lovecraft made up by himself or with his friends, including August Derleth, who wrote mysteries. The creatures did not really care about human people at all, so they were not out to hurt people, but if they did, they did not care. They looked at us like we would be ants. Their behaviour, attitude and look also tended to make people go crazy.

One of his most famous creations was Cthulhu, a giant and powerful alien being that some humans worship as a god. He also made up many other strange alien gods, like Yog-Sothoth, Nyarlathotep, and Azathoth. Together his works and ideas about these characters are called the Cthulhu Mythos.

Lovecraft's stories were inspiration for lots of other writers.The spirit of his works, presenting a world that does not care, is present in many works of fiction.

Lovecraft was born in Providence, Rhode Island on August 20, 1890. He was the only child in the family. He died of small intestine cancer there. 

Hormone

Hormones are the chemical messengers of the endocrine system. Hormones are the signals which adjust the body's internal working, together with the nervous system. Every multicellular organism has hormones. The cells which react to a given hormone have special receptors for that hormone. When a hormone attaches to the receptor protein a mechanism for signalling is started. The cell or tissue that gets the message is called the 'target'. Hormones only act on cells which have the right receptors.

Many different kinds of cells can send a message. There are some cells whose main job is to make hormones. When many of these cells are together, they are called a gland. Glands are groups of cells that make something and release it (put it outside the cell). Many glands make hormones.

"Endocrine" means secreting directly into the blood. Most internal secretions are from endocrine glands. The opposite word is "exocrine", which means secreting through a duct or tube. Some hormones are produced by exocrine glands, and some exocrine secretions release outside the body. Sweat glands and salivary glands are examples of exocrine glands whose products are released outside the body.

The first discovery of a hormone was made in 1902. The hormone was secretin. The word 'hormone' was first used in 1905.

Hormones do many things. They regulate metabolism. Metabolism is the chemical and energy reactions that happen in a living thing. Hormones cause the growth and death of cells and of whole organisms. Hormones also start and control sexual development. For example, the hormones estrogen and progesterone make girls go through puberty. Hormones help keep homeostasis in an organism. Homeostasis means to keep a constant state inside the body like temperature, amount of water and salts, and amount of sugar. Hormones released by one gland can also tell other glands to make different hormones.

There are four types of hormones in most vertebrates. They are grouped by the chemicals from which they are made. 

In biology regulation means to control something. So regulating hormones means controlling how much hormones are made and released from cells.

Hormone regulation is mostly done by negative feedback. In negative feedback, a hormone causes an effect. The cells that make the hormone detect this effect and its production ceases.

A good example of negative feedback is with the hormone insulin. Insulin is produced by the pancreas. Insulin is released by the pancreas in response to consumption of glucose. The amount of glucose in the blood rises, and the pancreas detects the increase. It then secretes insulin into the blood. Insulin increases glucose uptake in target cells. Some glucose is used by the cells but some is also converted to and stored in the form of glycogen. Glucose uptake by cells decreases blood glucose levels. This decrease is detected by the pancreas and in response, it stops secreting insulin in to the bloodstream. As insulin levels in the blood decrease, so does glucose uptake by cells.

This negative feedback therefore helps to maintain normal blood glucose levels and prevents extreme changes.

There are three main types of hormones. Steroid hormones are non-polar and do not need a receptor. The second type is peptide hormones. The third is Tyrosine derived hormones. An example is the T3 and T4 hormones produced by the thyroid gland.

Often two hormones control the same product, one increasing and the other decreasing the target. Blood glucose is very important to an organism, and is controlled by more than one hormone. Other hormones also make the glucose level go up or down. If the glucose level gets too low, the body releases hormones that do the opposite of insulin. They do not tell the cells in the body to take up glucose from the blood. They tell the cells to put glucose back into the blood. These kind of hormones that work opposite of other hormones are called counter-regulatory hormones. Counter-regulatory hormones for insulin are glucagon and epinephrine.

Most important things in an organism are kept in homeostasis by negative feedback and counter-regulatory hormones. However a few things are controlled in different ways. One rare way is positive feedback. In negative feedback, the hormone's effect makes a gland stop making hormones. In positive feedback the opposite happens. The effect of the hormone tells the gland to make even more hormones.

An example of positive feedback is the hormone that causes childbirth (when babies are born.) The hormone that causes this is oxytocin. This hormone is made by the pituitary gland. When the baby starts coming out, it stretches the muscle in the cervix (the bottom of the uterus). Nerves in the cervix send a message to the pituitary. This message makes the pituitary release more oxytocin. The oxytocin then causes the muscles of the uterus to contract, or squeeze. This causes more stretching in the cervix. This stretching then tells the pituitary to make even more oxytocin. So levels of oxytocin keep rising until the squeezing or contractions of the uterus force the baby out.

There are clear distinctions between hormones and neurotransmitters:

Most hormones start a cellular response by binding to cell membranes or receptors inside the cell. A cell may have several different receptor types that recognize the same hormone but activate different signal transduction pathways, or a cell may have several different receptors that recognize different hormones and activate the same biochemical pathway.

Hormones are defined functionally, not structurally. They may have various chemical structures. Hormones occur in multicellular organisms (plants, animals, fungi, brown algae and red algae). These compounds occur also in unicellular organisms, and may act as signalling molecules,

Peptide hormones are hormones with a short chain of amino acids.


Testosterone

Testosterone is an androgen sex hormone. A hormone is one that is made from cholesterol. A sex hormone is one that regulates sexual changes in the body. An androgen is the male type of sex hormone.

The testicles of men make lots of testosterone. Ovaries and adrenal glands make testosterone too. But they make much less than the testicles do. So men have much higher testosterone levels than women. The process takes place during the ages of puberty for both males and females

Testosterone has two different kinds of effects. One effect is anabolic. This effect causes growth of muscle and bone. The other effect of testosterone is androgenic. These effects make the body look male. This includes the effects that boys have at puberty: growing a beard, making the penis and testicles bigger, and making the voice deeper.


Patio

A patio is a paved area in a garden often used for barbecues or relaxing outside.

Cholera

Cholera is an infectious disease caused by the bacterium "Vibrio cholerae". It infects the small intestine.

There are many types (strains) of the "Vibrio cholera" bacteria. Some of them cause more serious illnesses than others. Because of this, some people who get cholera have no symptoms; others have symptoms that are not very bad, and others have very bad symptoms.

The most common symptom is large amounts of watery diarrhea. In the worst cases, diarrhea can be so bad that people can die in a few hours from dehydration.

Cholera is a very old disease. Writings about cholera (written in Sanskrit) have been found from the 5th century BC. Throughout history, there have been many outbreaks and epidemics of cholera.

Cholera still affects many people throughout the world. Estimates from 2010 say that between 3 million and 5 million people get cholera every year, and 58,000–130,000 people die from the disease every year. Today, cholera is considered a pandemic. However, it is most common in developing countries, especially in children.

People usually get cholera by eating food or drinking water that is unclean. When people have cholera, they have a lot of diarrhea, and the cholera bacteria stays alive in their feces. In developing countries, often there is not good sanitation. Cholera can spread if this diarrhea gets into water that other people use. For example, if sewage (human waste) gets into a river, people can get cholera if they:

Cholera is very rarely spread directly from person to person.

Cholera's main symptoms are bad diarrhea and vomiting clear fluid. These symptoms usually start suddenly. They start half a day to five days after the person gets infected. (This is called cholera's "incubation period".)

If they do not get treatment, about half of people with serious cholera die. People with bad cholera may have so much diarrhea that they do not have enough water and electrolytes (salts) left in their bodies to survive. Cholera has been nicknamed the "blue death" because a person dying of cholera may lose so many body fluids that their skin turns bluish-gray.

Other symptoms may include:


If people with cholera get good, quick medical treatment, less than 1% die from the disease. However, if cholera is not treated, at least half of people with the disease (50% to 60%) die.

Some strains of the "Vibrio cholera" bacteria have different genes than others, which make them more dangerous. These more dangerous strains of cholera bacteria caused the 2010 epidemic in Haiti and the 2004 outbreak in India. A person who gets these strains of cholera can die within two hours of getting sick. This means there is very little time to get the person treated.

There are antibiotics for cholera. There are various treatments which can help. For example:

There is a cholera vaccine that can be taken by mouth. It provides some protection from cholera for about six months.

People can also do some other things to prevent cholera. For example:

Governments could stop outbreaks or epidemics from happening by improving sanitation. For example, cholera is very uncommon in developed countries because they have good sanitation and because they add chemicals to their water to kill germs. Even after people start to get cholera, it is possible for governments to stop the disease from spreading, though:

Cholera probably started in the Indian subcontinent. As early as the 5th century BC, people in the Ganges River delta area wrote about cholera. The disease first spread to Russia in 1817 by trade routes (over both land and sea). Later, cholera spread to the rest of Europe, and from Europe to North America and the rest of the world.

Seven cholera pandemics have happened in the past 200 years. The latest started in Indonesia in 1961. There have also been many serious outbreaks. The worst outbreak in recent history happened in Haiti after the earthquake there in 2010. Between October 2010 and August 2015, more than 700,000 Haitians got cholera, and over 9,000 died. The outbreak was caused by a United Nations base where Nepalese soldiers were living. The soldiers would dump human waste into the Artibonite River, which many Haitians used for drinking, cooking, and bathing.

Cholera was common in the 19th century. It has killed tens of millions of people. Just in Russia, between 1847 and 1851, more than one million people died of cholera. During the second pandemic, which lasted from 18271835, the disease killed 150,000 Americans. Between 1900 and 1920, in India, up to eight million people died of cholera.

in 1854, an English doctor named John Snow was the first person to realize that contaminated water caused cholera. 

The English engineer Joseph Bazalgette solved the problem for London in the middle of the 19th century. He invented the system for cleaning foul water, a system which is still used world-wide. Cholera has come back to the world because cities have hugely increased populations, and the treatment of sewage has overrun the facilities. It was the British who built most of the world's sewage plants, and until about 1950 they were able to work well unless they were damaged by warfare. Later governments did not invest money in their infrastructure, which meant the increased population eventually caused cholera to return.

Cholera is not the only problem with water supply. Blooms of red algae occur from time to time in hot weather, and they have to be killed off. Emergency control is got by adding chlorine to the water supply. This works, but makes the water rather distasteful.

Fortunately, infections transmitted in bad water can be cured. There is at least one antibiotic which works well against amoeboid parasites, and another which usually works against bacteria. Treatment costs money, of course, and in many countries that means the treatment is not widely available.


Mandriva Linux

"For the type of plant, see Mandrake"

Mandriva (formerly Mandrake Linux) is a Linux distribution.

The last release was the 2011 version released in August that year. Most Mandriva Linux developers who were laid off went to Mageia.

In May 2015, Mandriva went into administration. 

Mandriva was first made public by a French software company MandrakeSoft. Its first release was based on Red Hat Linux 5.1 and was released in July 1998. Mandriva Linux was originated by Gaël Duval, and intended to focus on ease of use for new users.

From its first release to version 8.0, Mandrake named its flagship distribution "Linux-Mandrake". From version 8.1 to 9.2 it was called "Mandrake Linux".

In February 2004, MandrakeSoft lost a court case for infringement. It renamed its products. Starting from version 10.0, Mandrake Linux became known as "Mandrakelinux", and its logo changed accordingly. Similarly, MandrakeMove became Mandrakemove.

In April 2005, Mandrakesoft announced the corporate acquisition of Conectiva. As a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with Hearst Corporation, Mandrakesoft announced that the company was changing its name to Mandriva, and that their Linux distribution "Mandrake Linux" would henceforward be known as Mandriva Linux.

Since 2007, Mandriva was released on a 6-month fixed-release cycle, similar to Ubuntu and Fedora. However, while newer features are added during each release, the timing of the Spring release stays the same as the first release, so as to ensure stability each year.

The latest stable version is Mandriva Linux 2011.0 (2011.0), released on 2011-08-28.

The development tree of Mandriva Linux has always been known as "Cooker". This tree is directly released as a new stable version.

The current release is named 2009.1 and was released in April 2009.



Action theory

Action theory is an area in philosophy that talks about theories about the processes that cause intentional (willful) human body movements.

Some Philosophers ask the question 'What is an action?' or 'What makes somebody do an action?'. Here are two theories.

Some philosophers say that an action is caused by a person wanting something and thinking that by doing that action they can get it. For example, if I want an apple and think that by walking to a table with some apples on it I can get one, then I will walk to the table. It is important to have both a want (desire) and a thought about how to get it (belief).
If I think that by walking to a table with some apples on it I can get an apple, but want an orange and not an apple, then I will not walk to the table. If I want an apple, but think that the table across the room is just a picture of a table, then I will not walk to the table.

Other philosophers say that the want-think theory is not true. They say that it is my brain and my nerves that causes an action. They see the brain as working like a computer that directs small electric packages from some nerves to other nerves and stores some for a while in memory. These packages cannot be named, they are just like computer bits and bytes. These philosophers say that we talk about what we want and what we think because the brain is very complicated and we do not understand it yet.

These questions form part of the philosophy of mind.

Xiangqi

Xiangqi is a form of chess that started in China. In English it is called Chinese chess.

Though derived from the original Indian Chaturanga, Chinese chess is quite different from modern international chess. The board is different, there are different pieces, and they have different moves. The "general" and his "mandarin" may not leave the nine-pointed fortress; they have only limited movement. Clearly, this is more similar to the old Indo-Arabic game than to modern chess.

Xiangqi is a chess game for two people to play. Each player has 16 pieces to move on the board. One player's set is red, and one is black. The way to win is to kill the other player's Jiang (Shuai). Each kind of piece has different ways to move. Xiangqi is one of the most popular chess games in China.


Governor

A governor is a leader of some kind. In some countries which are federations, the governor is the leader of a state or a province. 

For example, in the United States, all 50 states have a governor elected by its own people. While the President is the leader of everyone in the United States, Governors are the leaders of the people living in or visiting their state. The governor is the executive for the state's administrative processes. 

In some other countries, a governor is the title of the viceroy. This is the case in Australia, Canada and other Commonwealth realms, where the governor represents the monarch in ceremonies. In many countries such as Pakistan a provincial governor is appointed by the central government acting as the ceremonial head of the provinces. 

Territories still under British rule all have a governor who represents the monarch in that area. 

Republican Party (United States)

The United States Republican Party, also known as the GOP (Grand Old Party) is one of the two biggest political parties in the United States. Since the mid-1850s, the party's main opponent has been the Democratic Party. Both political parties have controlled American politics ever since.

Republicans are sometimes called the right or conservatives. Ideologically, it favors fiscal and social conservatism. It opposes abortion, euthanasia, labor unions, affirmative action, marijuana legalisation, and a high minimum wage. It advocates for low taxes, limited government, gun rights, free markets, and free trade. It did, however, hold protectionist opinions during its early days, for example during Theodore Roosevelt’s presidency. It also held anti-free trade opinions during Donald Trump’s presidency.

The symbol of the Republican party is the elephant. This symbol was first used in 1874 in a political cartoon by Thomas Nast.

The Republican National Committee, or the RNC, is the main organization for the Republican Party in all 50 states. The Republican Party is not the same political party as the Democratic-Republican Party. A state where most voters vote for Republican politicians is called a red state.

The Republican Party was founded in Ripon, Wisconsin in 1853, with the help of Francis Preston Blair. The Republican Party was formed by people who did not like the Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854, which would let each territory allow slavery. The Republican Party was founded by past members of the Free Soil Party and the Whig Party who wanted to stop the expansion of slavery. The founders of the Republican Party wanted to stop the expansion of slavery because they believed it was against the ideals of the Constitution and Declaration of Independence. Some founders of the Republican Party wanted to abolish slavery everywhere in the United States. The Republican Party's first candidate for president of the United States was John C. Frémont in 1856.

As the Whig Party collapsed, the Republicans became one of two major political parties in the United States (the Democratic Party was the other major political party). In 1860 Abraham Lincoln, the first Republican president, was elected. For the rest of the second half of the 19th century, the country had mostly Republican presidents. From 1860 until 1912 the Republicans lost the presidential election just twice (non-consecutively to Democrat Grover Cleveland in 1884 and 1892).

Republicans believed in protectionism (the belief that raising taxes on trades with other countries would protect the economy) during the second half of the 19th century and during the early half of the 20th century.

After World War I, the 1920s had three Republican presidents: Warren Harding, Calvin Coolidge, and Herbert Hoover. It was called the Republican Decade for that reason. Harding and Coolidge made a plan for the economy which lowered taxes, made the government spend less money, and got rid of rules and laws that affected the economy.

Near the end of the 1920s, the stock market crashed and the Great Depression began. During the Great Depression, the Republican Party became less popular. No Republicans were president between 1933 and 1953, when Dwight Eisenhower began his first of two consecutive terms as president (he was re-elected in 1956). Richard Nixon lost the election in 1960, but was elected president on the Republican ticket in 1968 and again in 1972.

Ronald Reagan, an actor and conservative political activist, was elected as president in 1980. Ronald Reagan became the first Republican president who was a former member of the Democratic Party. Ronald Reagan served two terms and his successor George H.W. Bush served one term. Reagan wanted fewer laws to affect the economy, and wanted the military to be stronger.

Bill Clinton (a Democrat) was elected president in 1992, and re-elected in 1996. However, a new Congress was elected in 1994, and Republicans gained control of both the House of Representatives and the Senate. They voted against many of Clinton's ideas and proposed ideas of their own such as a line item veto and a balanced budget amendment. In 2000, George W. Bush was elected president, defeating Al Gore in a very close election. Bush was re-elected in 2004.

After elections held in 2006, Republicans lost control of Congress. Democrat Barack Obama was elected in 2008 and re-elected in 2012. Republican John Boehner was elected the Speaker of the House of Representatives in 2010 and re-elected in 2012. In 2014, Republicans gained control of the Senate and the House. Boehner resigned in early October 2015 and was eventually succeeded by Paul Ryan of Wisconsin on October 29, 2015. On November 9, 2016, Donald Trump was elected president, defeating Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Electoral College. Trump was the first Republican to take office as president since January 20, 2001, when George W. Bush was inaugurated. The Republicans lost the House and won the Senate in 2018. Paul Ryan retired in 2019 and was succeeded by Nancy Pelosi, who is a member of the Democratic Party.

In 2020, the Republicans lost the presidency when Joe Biden defeated Donald Trump. In 2022, they were able to get control back of the House of Representatives, but not the Senate.

Currently, the Republican Party is identified by classical liberalism, conservatism, and right-wing policies.

Not all Republicans believe in the same things, but generally, these are the things many Republicans support in all:

Most supporters for the Republican Party come from states in the Southern, Deep South, parts of the Midwest, and the rural Northeast areas of the US, as well as from Montana; though they come from all over the United States, including the northern portion of California.


Democratic Party (United States)

The United States Democratic Party is one of the two biggest political parties in the United States. Since the mid-1850's, the party's main opponent has been the Republican Party. Both political parties have controlled American politics ever since.

Every four years the party holds a National Convention where they agree on their candidate for president. The Democratic National Committee coordinates most of the activities of the Democratic Party in all 50 United States. Since Andrew Jackson's inauguration in 1829, there have been 16 Democratic presidents (17 if including John Tyler, who, though originally elected to the vice presidency as a Whig, was expelled from his party shortly after taking office, became an independent, and allied with Democrats), the most recent and current is Joe Biden who took office as the 46th president of the United States in January 2021.

The Democratic Party represents a broad spectrum of liberal and left-wing ideologies,including—but not limited to—classical liberalism, social democracy, progressivism, and social (modern) liberalism.

Democrats, also sometimes called the left, liberals or progressives make up one of the two main political parties in the United States. A mostly Democratic state is sometimes called a blue state. This comes from the party’s main color, which is blue, referring to a state supporting ‘blue’ candidates.

Democrats believe in a strong government with social assistance programs to help members of society. They prefer diplomatic solutions to conflicts, and take generally multilateralist views on trade, believing that trade must be free, but fair to protect American workers, consumers, local communities, and the environment. Some Democrats are economic centrists.

Socially, most Democrats believe in sociocultural liberalism, taking pro-immigration, pro-marriage equality, and pro-choice views.

Currently, the Democratic Party is identified by progressivism, liberalism, and left-wing policies.

Not all Democrats believe in the same thing, but generally these are the things many Democrats support:


Most support for Democrats comes from states in the Northeast, Upper Midwest, and the Pacific Coast, as well as from the state of Hawaii.

The symbol of the Democratic Party is the donkey. Since the election of 2000, the color blue has become a symbol for Democrats.

Historically, Thomas Jefferson, whom the party claims as its founder, has been often seen as symbols of the Democratic Party, particularly emphasized in the annual celebrations of Jefferson Day Dinners held since the days of Andrew Jackson. As such, the Democratic Party is also often referred to as the “Party of Jefferson.”






Taste

Taste is one of the senses experienced by humans and other animals. It is felt by the tongue while eating, and is used to sense the flavor of food that is in the mouth. Humans can sense five tastes: sweet, sour, bitter, salty, and umami.

Humans have taste receptors on taste buds and other areas including the upper surface of the tongue and the epiglottis. The perception of taste is organised by a special part of the cerebral cortex. The gustatory cortex is responsible for the perception of taste.

Many common foods are bitter, like coffee, bitter melon, olives and citrus peel.

Bitterness is of interest to those who study evolution, as well as various health researchers. Many naturally bitter compounds are toxic. The ability to detect bitter-tasting, toxic compounds at low thresholds may have a protective function, but some test have not confirmed this. Plant leaves often contain toxic compounds, and among leaf-eating primates there is a tendency to prefer immature leaves. Young leaves tend to be higher in protein and lower in fiber and poisons than mature leaves. Amongst humans, various food processing techniques are used worldwide to detoxify otherwise inedible foods and make them palatable.

Animals which eat a lot of bitter plant material, such as browsers do have ways of dealing with it. They produce tannin-binding proteins, which other animals do not. Tannins are bitter compounds common in material from trees and bushes, though not grass.

Saltiness is felt when there is sodium in the food. A common spice that is salty is common salt, sodium chloride.

Savouriness (or savoriness) is the taste of savoury foods. It is also known by the Japanese word , and comes from umai, which means 'yummy'. This taste was known for a long time, but only became an official scientific term in 1985.

To taste savoriness, your tongue has special parts that detect amino acids that are in foods like meats and cheeses.

Sourness is tasted when acids are on your tongue. Many foods have acid in them and are sour, like lemons and vinegar.

Sweetness is a taste felt when sugars are in the food. Most people consider sweetness to be a pleasant taste.

This sensation is not a special sense of taste because it does not have specific taste buds. It is a complex sensation.

Substances such as ethanol and capsaicin cause a burning sensation called chemesthesis, piquance, spiciness, hotness, or prickliness. Two main sources of this sensation are capsaicin from chili peppers and piperine from black pepper.

Foods like chili peppers activate nerve fibers directly giving the sensation of "hot". Many parts of the body with exposed membranes but no taste sensors (such as the nasal cavity, under the fingernails, surface of the eye (cornea) or a wound) produce a similar sensation of heat or sometimes pain, when exposed to such chemicals.

The tongue can also feel other sensations not generally included in the basic tastes. These are largely detected by the somatosensory system.

Also, it is known that smell and sight contribute to the overall sensation of eating and drinking. The temperature of food makes a difference to its appreciation.

The strange coolness of spearmint, menthol and camphor is caused by their molecules triggering a sensory system which normally works to sense low temperatures.

There is still much to learn about the taste system. Consider, for example, the tastes of ginger and horseradish.

Touch

Touch is one of the five main senses that animals have. It can be called the sense of body or the sense of touch. The system also has internal sensory receptors, and includes sensing temperature and pain. There is a special area in the brain used to processing input of touch. It is in the parietal lobe of the cerebral cortex.

An animal knows if something is against a part of its body. This is called the sense of touch. The process of touching something may be called feeling.

Tiny touch sense organs under the skin help animals feel hardness, softness, and sharpness, for example. Animals also have sense organs which feel temperature and pain. Some parts of the body, such as fingertips have many more sense organs than others.

When animals touch things, nerve fibres attached to the sense organ sends messages to the brain through the central nervous system. The brain interprets the messages, and animals feel things.

Humans, and mammals in general, often touch each other. Touch is a kind of non-verbal communication. Behaviours based on touch are very important for keeping family and group members together ('bonding'). It is part of the 'glue' of their social life. Monkeys grooming each other's fur is a good example.


Classical mechanics

Classical mechanics is the part of physics that describes how everyday things move and how their motion changes because of forces. If we know how things are moving now, classical mechanics allows us to predict how they will move in the future and how they were moving in the past. We can use classical mechanics to predict how things like planets and rockets move.

Classical mechanics is not accurate when things are the size of atoms or smaller: for those things, we use quantum mechanics instead. Classical mechanics is also not accurate when things move close to the speed of light: for those things, we use special relativity instead.

The position of an object tells you where it is. For example, if you live in New York City and your friend lives in Seattle, your friend has a position of 3,876 kilometers (2,408 miles) west from you. But your friend would say that "you" have a position of 3,876 kilometers (2,408 miles) "east" from them instead. This is because position depends on where "position zero" or the "origin" is. For you, the origin is in New York City, but for your friend, the origin is in Seattle. So we make sure to always say where the origin is when we talk about position.

We talk about position using vectors: we first say a distance (such as 3,000 km) and then the direction (such as "east", "left", or "38 degrees south"). If there is no direction, position is simply "distance". Position can sometimes be negative: for example, New York City is 3,876 kilometers (2,408 miles) east of Seattle and Seattle is "negative" 3,876 kilometers (2,408 miles) east of New York City. However, it is easier to say "west" instead of "negative east".

When something moves, its position changes. You may pull a book closer to you, and the book has a new position. Or, you may walk away from your house and you have a new position. The velocity of an object tells you how fast the object changes position, and where it is moving. Velocity is a vector just like position: a car can move "160 kilometers per hour "west"" (100 miles per hour west) or "31 miles per hour "south"" (50 kilometers per hour south). Since position can be negative, velocity can be negative too.

When something speeds up or slows down, its velocity changes. The acceleration of an object tells you how fast the object speeds up or slows down. Acceleration is a vector, too, and we can use "negative" acceleration when we want to say that an object slows down: for example, if you drive your car south and slow down, your acceleration is positive going north but negative going south.

Newton's laws of motion are important to classical mechanics. Isaac Newton discovered them. They tell us how forces change how things move, but they do not say what causes the forces.

Newton's first law of motion says that objects do not change how they move unless something pushes or pulls them. Things that push or pull objects are called forces. 

Before Isaac Newton, people thought that things do not move forever: they will always stop even if nothing touches them. On Earth, this seems correct: if you roll a ball on the grass, the ball will stop; if you push a book across a table, the book stops moving. But this does not happen everywhere. In outer space, rockets and planets move and they do not slow down or stop. So something on Earth makes objects stop moving, and this is a force called friction. Every object that touches another object feels friction. Even when you throw something like a baseball, the baseball feels friction because of the air. This is called drag or "air resistance". In outer space, there is no friction because outer space is a vacuum: there are no objects there, including no air.Gravity is another force that changes how objects move on Earth, but in outer space gravity is very small unless you are close to a planet or a star.

Newton's first law of motion also tells us that an object that is not moving will stay still unless something pushes or pulls it. This makes sense because a book on your bookshelf does not suddenly fly away.

Newton's second law of motion says that bigger objects need a bigger force to change how they move, and smaller objects need a smaller force to change how they move. For example, it is easy to push a marble across the floor but it is really hard to push a car across the road. This is because the car is very heavy and the marble is not.

We sometimes write Newton's second law of motion as an equation: formula_1. formula_2 is the amount of force you need, formula_3 is the mass of the object you want to move, and formula_4 is the amount of acceleration (change of velocity) that the object gets when you try to move it. We can also write the equation as formula_5, where formula_6 is momentum and formula_7 is the way we write "change in momentum over time" using calculus. Momentum is the mass of an object times how fast it is moving (its speed): formula_8, where formula_9 is the speed. A bumblebee has a small mass, but it moves very fast so it has lots of momentum. The Earth moves very slow, but it has a large mass so it also has lots of momentum.

Newton's third law of motion says that forces always come in pairs. When you push a book, the book also pushes you, but it does not push you very far because you have a much larger mass. However, if you and your friend go ice skating and you push your friend, you and your friend both move back.
Consider a book lying on a table. The weight of book is acting on the table in the downward direction. This is action. The reaction of table act on the book in upward direction.
A rocket works because of Newton's third law of motion: the bottom of the rocket makes very hot gas and the gas pushes the colder air. Then the rocket goes up because the colder air also pushes the bottom of the rocket. The force that makes a rocket go up is called thrust. Birds and airplanes fly because of Newton's third law of motion: this is because both birds and airplanes push air down when they move, and the air pushes them up. This force is called lift. Without lift, birds and airplanes fall on the ground.

In physics, kinematics is the part of classical mechanics that explains the movement of objects without looking at what causes the movement or what the movement affects.

1-Dimensional (1D) Kinematics are used only when an object moves in one direction: either side to side (left to right) or up and down. There are equations with can be used to solve problems that have movement in only 1 dimension or direction. These equations come from the definitions of velocity, acceleration and distance.


2-Dimensional kinematics is used when motion happens in both the x-direction (left to right) and the y-direction (up and down). There are also equations for this type of kinematics. However, there are different equations for the x-direction and different equations for the y-direction. Galileo proved that the velocity in the x-direction does not change through the whole run. However, the y-direction is affected by the force of gravity, so the y-velocity does change during the run.





Moai

Moai are stone statues on Easter Island. Each moai is made out of one large stone but some have an extra stone on top of the head. Most were made from the volcanic rock in the Rano Raraku area of the island. Moai are sometimes called "heads" but they do have shoulders, arms, and a body but these are usually too small for the head, also some of the best known ones had been partly buried over the years and only the heads were showing. Most moai are between 2.5 and 10 metres high and, usually, weigh 14 tonnes. There are about 1000 moai placed mainly around the coast of the island plus nearly 400 more which were left not yet finished at Rano Raraku.
When, why, and how they were made is still a mystery today. It is believed that they were made almost 1000 years ago by Polynesians, who lived there at the time and were made to honour their ancestors (older family members long dead) and bring good luck. Making the statues would have needed a lot of time and effort. To move them, they may have used wooden sledges or rollers or even "walked" them by rocking the moai along. The youngest moai found was built around 1350. It is believed that, around that time, there began a time of cold weather, little food, and war between the peoples. By the 19th century, all the moai had been pushed over. Today, some have been restored.



Diogenes of Sinope

Diogenes of Sinope (or Diogenes the Cynic) was an Ancient Greek philosopher. He was born in the town of Sinope (now called Sinop, Turkey) around the year 412 BC and died in the city of Corinth, Greece on the year 323 BC.

After being exiled for debasing the currency, he moved to Athens. He had a simple life-style and behaviour. This gave him a basis to criticize the social values and institutions of the corrupt, confused society he saw around him.

Diogenes made a virtue of poverty. He begged for a living and often slept in a large ceramic jar in the marketplace. He became notorious for his philosophical stunts. He used to carry a lamp during the day, and claimed he was looking for an honest man.

He criticized Plato, disputed his interpretation of Socrates. He sabotaged Plato's lectures, distracting attenders by bringing food and eating during the discussions. Diogenes was also noted for having publicly mocked Alexander the Great.

Diogenes helped Antisthenes create cynicism, a philosophy that focuses on living a simple life without the need for money, fame, power, or possessions. He also made a notion of "cosmopolitan" on world citizenship first time in history.

Diogenes was captured by pirates and sold into slavery. Eventually he settled in Corinth. There he explained cynicism to Crates, who taught it to Zeno of Citium. Zeno worked on stoicism, which became one of the main schools of Greek philosophy.

None of Diogenes' writings have survived, but there are some details of his life from anecdotes. The anecdotes come from Diogenes Laërtius' book "Lives and Opinions of Eminent Philosophers" and some other sources.

Vaccination

A vaccination is a treatment which makes the body stronger against an infection.

The body fights infections using the immune system, which is made up of millions upon millions of cells including T cells and B cells. An important part of the adaptive immune system is that it is much stronger when fighting a disease that it has already fought against before. Vaccination involves showing the immune system something which looks very similar to a particular virus or bacteria, which helps the immune system be stronger when it is fighting against the real infection.

The World Health Organisation estimates that vaccines save 4-5 million lives per year.

Another word used for vaccines is immunization. These words mean things that are a little different. Vaccination is when a person is "given" something to make the immune system learn to fight an infectious disease.

Immunization is when a person's immune system learns to fight an infection. Immunization can happen from vaccination. But immunization can also happen from getting the "infection". For example, a person can be immune to hepatitis B if he gets sick with hepatitis B. After a person gets hepatitis B and then gets well, he is immunized from getting it again. A person can also be immunized from hepatitis B by taking the hepatitis B vaccination.

So vaccination and immunization have meanings that are a little different. But when people say these words, they usually mean the same thing. 

Herd immunity is an important part of how vaccines work. A herd is a group of animals. Herd immunity happens when most of the animals in a group are immune to an infection. If most animals are immune they cannot get the disease. If they do not get the disease, they cannot give it to other animals. So even one animal who is not immune is safer. If none of the other animals in a herd get the infection, they cannot give the infection to the one who is non immune.

This is important in people too. If 95% of people in a place are immune to a disease, the other 5% are safer. They are not near infected people, so they won't get infected.

The people who are in the 5% are there for many reasons. Some got the vaccine but did not react to it. Their immune system did not learn how to fight it well. Some of them are too sick to get the vaccine. It can be children who are too sick with other diseases to get vaccines. It can be a pregnant woman who cannot get the vaccine because it could hurt her baby. It can be a person with cancer who does not have a strong immune system. It can be an older person who has a weak immune system.

So if everyone in a place gets vaccinated, it protects these people too. If they are not protected by "herd immunity", they can get more sick from an infection. They get the infection more easily and they get sicker from it. So it is important that people who are healthy get their vaccinations. It protects the healthy people. But it also is important to protect other people who are old, weak, or sick.

There are different types of vaccines:

There are various other methods. All aim to develop the immune response without allowing the full viral infection to happen.

In England the School Age Immunisation Services deliver vaccinations in schools every Autumn for Human Papilloma Virus, Diphtheria, Tetanus and Polio, Meningococcal ACWY , Measles, Mumps and Rubella and Flu.

Today in modern countries almost all people are vaccinated, which has caused many serious diseases to become rare. However, some people argue against vaccination, as they are worried about possible side effects from the vaccination.

Vaccinations do have some side effects. These include swelling and redness around the injection site, a sore arm, or fever. These effects are because of the immune system fighting with the viruses or bacteria which have been injected. Very rarely, the immune system overreacts so much to the virus that the immune system damages other areas in the body.

As well as these real side effects of vaccinations, some people believe that vaccines cause other serious problems like autism, brain damage, or diabetes. There is no evidence for this. Almost all doctors and scientists believe that vaccination does not cause any of these things.

Overall, the vast majority of medical professionals and scientists believe that vaccinations are a good thing and that the benefits of avoiding diseases are far greater than the very small risk of side effects. All medical organizations around the world, including the World Health Organization(WHO), the American Medical Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics, and the United States Centers for Disease Control support vaccination.

The word "vaccine" was created by Edward Jenner. The word comes from the Latin word "vacca", meaning cow. A virus that mainly affects cows (Cowpox) was used in the first scientific demonstration that giving a person one virus could protect against a related and more dangerous one.

The first vaccination ever was for smallpox. The earliest hints of the practice of inoculation for smallpox in China come during the 10th century.

In 1796 an English doctor, Edward Jenner, noticed something. He saw that people who got cowpox did not get sick from smallpox. He gave a young boy the cowpox virus to protect him from smallpox. This was done by scratching liquid from cowpox sores into the boy's skin. This same method using the liquid from sores was also used to give people smallpox. People did this so they might get smallpox on "one place" on their bodies. Then they could "pick" which body part got scars from smallpox. But sometimes people who did this got very sick from smallpox. Some even died. This was a dangerous thing to do. But people did it because it was less dangerous than getting smallpox.

Edward Jenner gave the boy cowpox in the same way people tried to give smallpox. Six weeks later, he scratched smallpox into the boy's skin. The boy did not get sick from smallpox. This boy was the first person ever to get a vaccination.

It was not until almost 100 years after the smallpox vaccination that the next vaccine for cholera was found in 1879. After that, vaccines for many types of infectious diseases became available.


Vice President of the United States

The vice president of the United States (VP or VPOTUS) is the second highest executive officer of the U.S. federal government after the president of the United States. The vice president ranks first in the presidential line of succession and is also the officer of the legislative branch, president of the Senate and the presiding officer of the Senate.

Kamala Harris is the 49th and current vice president of the United States, in office since January 2021.

, gives the vice president the title President of the Senate, authorizing the vice president to preside over the Senate. The vice president is responsible for maintaining order, allowing members to speak, and explain the Senate's rules and practices. This position also has the authority to cast a tie-breaking vote.

As the president of the Senate, the vice president may preside over impeachment trials, although the Constitution does not specifically require it. When the president is on trial, the constitution requires that the chief justice of the United States must preside. No vice president has ever been impeached.

The Twelfth Amendment allows the vice president, as the president of the Senate, receive the Electoral College votes and opens the sealed votes. The votes are counted during a joint session of Congress every four years on January the 6th.

In recent years, vice presidents have been viewed as important presidential advisors. Al Gore was an important adviser to President Bill Clinton on issues of foreign policy and the environment.

The vice president is seen an important liaison between the presidential administration and Congress.

For example, Dick Cheney held weekly meetings in the Vice President's Room at the United States Capitol, Joe Biden played a key role in bipartisan budget negotiations, and Mike Pence often met with House and Senate Republicans. Kamala Harris, played a key role in passing legislation during the 117th congress.

Since 1949, the vice president has legally been a member of the National Security Council. Modern vice presidents have also been apart of the president's daily intelligence briefings and participate in meetings in the Situation Room with the president.

 of the constitution states for a person to serve as vice president must:


The vice president is elected by the people through the Electoral College to a four-year term, along with the presidential candidate or the incumbent president as their running mate. The presidential candidate or incumbent president must have at least 270 electoral college votes in order to win the election.

The vice president-elect of the United States is the candidate who has won the United States presidential election along with the presidential candidate and is awaiting inauguration to become the vice president.

The president elect, vice president-elect, or incumbent president and vice president immediately began their four-year team on inauguration day every four years on January 20. The original inauguration date was held on March 4, but was later changed in 1933.

The vice president ranks first in the presidential line of succession, if the president dies, resigns, or is impeached. Only eight vice presidents have succeeded the president in resignation or death such as John Tyler, Millard Fillmore, Andrew Johnson, Chester A. Arthur, Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge, Harry S. Truman, Lyndon B. Johnson and Gerald Ford. 

The speaker of the House ranks second in the presidential line of succession if the vice president dies, resigns or is impeached from office.

John C. Calhoun and Spiro Agnew are the only U.S. vice presidents to have resigned from office.

The Office of the Vice President includes personnel staff who directly support or advise the vice president of the United States. It is primarily office is in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building with offices for the vice president also in the West Wing of the White House, the United States Capitol, and in the vice president's official residence.

Although any U.S. Air Force aircraft the vice president is aboard is referred to as Air Force Two during the flight. In-country trips are typically handled with just one of the two planes, while overseas trips are handled with both.

Number One Observatory Circle is the official residence of the vice president and the second family of the United States. It has been the official residence of every U.S. vice president since Nelson Rockefeller in 1974.

The United States Secret Service is in charge of protecting the vice president and the second family at all times. As part of their protection, the vice president, second spouse and immediate family members are given Secret Service codenames. The use of codenames are used due to security and safety reasons.

As of 2024, there are five living former vice presidents. 

The most recent former vice president to die was Walter Mondale (1977–1981) on April 19, 2021 at the age of 93.

Dick Cheney

Richard Bruce "Dick" Cheney (born January 30, 1941) is an American politician and businessman. He was the 46th vice president of the United States from 2001 to 2009. As a Republican, he ran in the 2000 United States presidential election with George W. Bush, and successfully won re-election in the 2004 United States presidential election. Before he became vice president, he was the Secretary of Defense from 1989 to 1993, during George H. W. Bush's presidency. He was also a member of the House of Representatives from 1979 to 1989, and was White House chief of staff from 1975 to 1977.

Cheney was born at Bryan Medical Center East Campus in Lincoln, Nebraska to Richard Cheney and Marjorie Cheney. Cheney grew up in Casper, Wyoming.
Dick Cheney was the former representative for Wyoming's At-large congressional district. He served in the George H. W. Bush administration from 1989 to 1993 as a cabinet member. He was a Congressman, and White House Chief of Staff.

He was also in charge of a large defense company called Halliburton when he was out of office during the Clinton presidency.

As Vice President, Cheney was the head of the Senate and cast six tie-breaking votes and he was replaced by Joe Biden as vice president on January 20, 2009.

Cheney lives in Wyoming. He is an active hunter. In 2006, he shot a friend by mistake while hunting. He did not run for president in 2008. He has criticized President Barack Obama. His wife Lynne Cheney is a distant cousin of President Barack Obama and he is an 8th cousin of President Barack Obama. He is a 9th cousin, once removed of George W. Bush. Cheney is distantly related to Harry S. Truman and Robert Duvall by the Duvall family. He is distantly related to American Express founder Benjamin Pierce Cheney.
On March 24, 2012, Cheney underwent a seven-hour heart transplant process. Cheney has had several heart attacks.

Dick and Lynne Cheney have 2 daughters, Elizabeth and Mary. Mary is openly lesbian and Dick supports same sex marriage along with Mary. Liz is the former Congresswoman at-large from Wyoming in the United States House of Representatives.


Toad the Wet Sprocket

Toad the Wet Sprocket is an American alternative rock band from California. They formed in 1986, while they were in high school. Their name comes from a monologue (one person doing all the talking) performed by Eric Idle, called "Rock Notes" on the 1980 album, "Monty Python's Contractual Obligation Album".

Boyz II Men

Boyz II Men is an American boy band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They were popular in the early 1990s. Founded in 1988 as a quintet (group of five people), Boyz II Men found fame as a quartet (group of four), with members Nathan Morris, Michael McCary, Shawn Stockman, and Wanya Morris, on Motown Records during the early 1990s.

Based on sales, Boyz II Men is the most successful R&B male vocal group of all time. It has recorded five #1 R&B hits between 1992 and 1997 and has since sold more than 90 million albums and 50 million singles. Three of its #1 hits, "End of the Road", "I'll Make Love to You", and "One Sweet Day" (with Mariah Carey), set and broke records for the longest period of time a single remained at #1 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Johnny Nash

John Lester "Johnny" Nash Jr. (August 19, 1940 – October 6, 2020) was an American reggae and soul singer. His best known singles were "I Can See Clearly Now", "Hold Me Tight" and "Tears on My Pillow". 

His biggest hit was "I Can See Clearly Now" in 1972.

In his late teens Johnny Nash came to the attention of Arthur Godfrey and put in many appearances on his TV show. He also had a featured role in the motion picture "Take A Giant Step". Johnny began recording for the ABC Paramount label, and under the guidance of arranger producer Don Costa, he made a number of albums of standards. Including "Johnny Nash", "Let's Get Lost", "The Quiet Hour", "Studio Time" and "I Got Rhythm". Even though he possessed a superb singing voice, it seems that in the early 1960s, all young black male ballad singers were overshadowed by another Johnny. Johnny Mathis. Johnny Nash never really came into the forefront of pop music. He made a couple of obscure jazz tinged albums for the Argo label. Then after being off the scene for a couple of years, he emerged with a new music genre, the reggae, soul and caribbean type song stylings. This was the mid 70's and he found new fans and a new popularity.

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times" listed Johnny Nash among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.

Nash was born in Houston, Texas. He died on October 6, 2020 in Houston at the age of 80.

Linda Ronstadt

Linda Ronstadt (born July 15, 1946) is an American singer. She was born in Tucson, Arizona. She has won ten Grammy Awards and many other awards.

Ronstadt has never been married. She has an adopted daughter and adopted son. She has been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. Her autobiography was published in 2013.


Heart

The heart is an organ found in every vertebrate. It is a very strong muscle. It is on the left side of the body in humans and is about the size of a fist. It pumps blood throughout the body. It has regular contractions, or when the heart squeezes the blood out into other parts of the body. 

"Cardiac" and "cardio" both mean "about the heart", so if something has the prefix "cardio" or "cardiac", it has something to do with the heart.

Myocardium means the heart muscle: 'myo' is from the Greek word for muscle - 'mys', cardium is from the Greek word for heart - 'kardia'.

The human heart has four chambers or closed spaces. Some animals have only two or three chambers.

In humans, the four chambers are two "atria" and two "ventricles". Atria is talking about two chambers; atrium is talking about one chamber. There is a right atrium and right ventricle. These get blood that comes to the heart. They pump this blood to the lungs. In the lungs blood picks up oxygen and drops carbon dioxide. Blood from the lungs goes to the left atrium and ventricle. The left atrium and ventricle send the blood out to the body. The left ventricle works six times harder than the right ventricle because it carries oxygenated blood. 

Blood is carried in blood vessels. These are arteries and veins. Blood going to the heart is carried in veins. Blood going away from the heart is carried in arteries. The main artery going out of the right ventricle is the "pulmonary artery". (Pulmonary means about lungs.) The main artery going out of the left ventricle is the "aorta".

The veins going into the right atrium are the "superior vena cava" and "inferior vena cava". These bring blood from the body to the right heart. The veins going into the left atrium are the "pulmonary veins". These bring blood from the lungs to the left heart.

When the blood goes from the atria to the ventricles it goes through heart "valves". When blood goes out of the ventricles it goes through valves. The valves make sure that blood only goes one way in or out.

The four valves of the heart are:

The heart has three layers. The outer covering is the pericardium. This is a tough sack that surrounds the heart. The middle layer is the myocardium. This is the heart muscle. The inner layer is the endocardium. This is the thin smooth lining of the chambers of the heart.

A "heart beat" is when the heart muscle "contracts". This means the heart pushes in and this makes the chambers smaller. This pushes blood out of the heart and into the blood vessels. After the heart contracts and pushes in, the muscle "relaxes" or stops pushing in. The chambers get bigger and blood coming back to the heart fills them.

When the heart muscle contracts (pushes in) it is called "systole". When the heart muscle relaxes (stops pushing in), this is called "diastole". Both atria do systole together. Both ventricles do systole together. But the atria do systole "before" the ventricles. Even though the "atrial systole" comes before "ventricular systole", all four chambers do diastole at the same time. This is called "cardiac diastole"

The order is: atrial systole → ventricular systole → cardiac diastole. When this happens one time, it is called a "cardiac cycle".

Systole (when the heart squeezes) happens because the muscle cells of the heart gets smaller in size. When they get smaller we also say they "contract". Electricity going through the heart makes the cells contract. The electricity starts in the "sino-atrial node" (acronym SA Node) The SA Node is a group of cells called pacemaker cells in the right atria. These cells start an "electrical impulse". This electrical impulse sets the rate and timing at which all cardiac muscle cells contract. This motion is called 'atrial systole'. Once electrical impulse goes through the "atrio-ventricular node" (AV Node). The AV Node makes the impulse slow down. Slowing down makes the electrical impulses get to the ventricles later. That is what makes the ventricular systole occur "after" atrial systole, and lets all the blood leave the atria before ventricle contracts ("meaning squeeze"). 

After the electrical impulse goes through the AV Node, the electrical impulse will go through the "conduction system" of the ventricle. Conduction means heat or electricity traveling through something. This brings the electrical impulse to the ventricles. The first part of the conduction system is the "bundle of His". "His" is named for the doctor (Wilhelm His, Jr) who discovered it. Bundle means strings or wires grouped together in parallel. Once the bundle ("meaning a group of strings or wires going in parallel directions") goes through the ventricle muscle, it divides into two "bundle branches", the left bundle branch and the right bundle branch. The left bundle branch travels to the left ventricle and the right bundle branch travels to the right ventricle. At the end of the bundle branches, the electrical impulse goes into the ventricular muscle through the Purkinje Fibers. This is what makes ventricle contraction take place and makes ventricular systole.

The order is:
Sino-Atrial Node → Atria (systole) → Atrio-Ventricular Node → Bundle of His → Bundle branches → Purkinje Fibers → Ventricles (systole)

ECG is an acronym for ElectroCardioGram. It is also written EKG for ElectroKardioGram in German. The ECG shows what the electricity in the heart is doing. An ECG is done by putting electrodes on a person's skin. The electrodes see the electricity going through the heart. This is written on paper by a machine. This writing on the paper is the ECG.

Doctors learn about the person's heart by looking at the ECG. The ECG shows some diseases of the heart like heart attacks or problems with the "rhythm" of the heart (how the electricity goes through the heart's conduction system.)

The ECG shows atrial systole. This is called a P-wave. Then ventricular systole happens. This is called the QRS or QRS-complex. It is called a complex because there are three different waves in it. The Q-wave, R-wave, and S-wave. Then the ECG shows ventricular diastole. This is called the T-wave. Atrial diastole happens then too. But it is not seen separate from ventricular diastole.

The PR-Interval is the space between atrial systole (P) and ventricular systole (QRS). The QT-Interval is from when the QRS starts to when the T ends. The ST-segment is the space between the QRS and T.


Heart disease

Heart disease is a general term that means that the heart is not working normally. Babies can be born with heart disease. This is called congenital heart disease. If people get heart disease later, it is called acquired heart disease. Most heart disease is acquired. 

The three most common types of acquired heart disease are:

A person can have heart disease and not feel sick. Some people with heart disease have symptoms. This is when there are changes or pain in the body to show a disease is there. Some symptoms of heart disease are:

Heart disease is the biggest killer of both men and women in the United States, England, Wales, and Canada. For example, heart disease causes 4 out of every 10 deaths in the United States. This is more than all kinds of cancer put together. Also, one person dies of heart disease about every minute in the United States alone.

Congenital heart disease refers to a form of heart problem that starts before birth (congenital). Congenital heart disease includes a large number of conditions. The formation of the heart before birth is very complex and is sometimes abnormal. For example, if a part of the main artery that comes from the heart is narrowed, that is called coarctation of the aorta. There may be holes inside the heart which keep the blood from flowing normally inside the heart. Other congenital heart problems are caused by abnormal heart valves. In some cases, congenital heart problems are discovered at birth. Other times the problems may not be detected until the person is older.


North Dakota

North Dakota is a state in the United States. About 780,000 people lived in North Dakota in the year 2020. The capital and seat of government is Bismarck and the largest city is Fargo.

North Dakota is south of Manitoba and Saskatchewan, east of Montana, north of South Dakota, and west of Minnesota. Manitoba and Saskatchewan are provinces - part of Canada. Montana, South Dakota, and Minnesota are other states in the United States.

North Dakota is not close to any big bodies of water (oceans or seas). Because of this, temperatures in North Dakota are "very" hot in the summer and "very" cold in the winter. In the summer, there are sometimes "strong" thunderstorms. These storms can have tornadoes and hail.

Before European people came, Native American people lived in the area now called North Dakota. One important tribe was the Mandan.

North Dakota was one of the last US states to be "settled" by people of European ancestry. (To have people go there to make homes and live.) On November 2, 1889, North Dakota (and South Dakota) became part of the United States.

Most of the economy is based on agriculture. The most important agricultural crops are durum, a type of wheat, which is grown all across the state. In the Red River Valley, there is more rain, and maize (corn) and sugar beets are grown as well. In the Badlands, there is less rain, and more cattle are raised than crops.

North Dakota has the only bank in the United States that is "owned" by the state. The Bank of North Dakota is where all of the money from all government agencies is held. Most banks in the United States are guaranteed by the FDIC (acronym for Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.) The FDIC guarantees that people will not lose money if a bank fails. But the Bank of North Dakota is insured by the "state" of North Dakota.


LGBT

LGBT is an initialism that means lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender. It refers to the community of people who are not heterosexual, which means to be attracted to the other gender, or cisgender, which means to identify as the gender you were born as. It has been taken up by many sexuality and gender identity-related community centers.

Before the "sexual revolution" of the 1960s, there was no neutral word or group of words for people who were not heterosexual. 

The word "homosexual" started being used in America to describe sexual orientations that were not heterosexual. However, this word began to have bad connotations, as many people thought that it sounded like a condition or mental illness, and therefore the word "homophile" was used instead. After that, the word "gay" replaced the word "homophile" in the 1970s.

As lesbians became more public about their sexuality in the 1970s, the group of words "gay and lesbian" was often used, and a phase of lesbian feminism started. This meant that certain lesbian feminist groups separated because did not have knowledge of if they should put feminism or LGBT rights first.

Lesbian feminists viewed the separation between "butch" and "femme" in mainstream gay (male) culture of the time in the same way that they viewed the separation in society over gender roles between men and women. They saw these ideas as patriarchal and did not want to join the mainstream gay rights movement because of what they saw as the chauvinism of gay men, and refused to take up their cause. Many lesbians who were not lesbian feminists saw this as not giving help to the gay rights movement.

This was followed by many bisexual and transgender people wanting to be seen as respected groups in the LGBT community. Before gender reassignment surgery was massively improved in later years, transgender people had a hard time being accepted. Still, they fought for their rights, and were greatly boosted when plastic surgery and hormone surgery helped them to be accepted as the gender they identify with. 

After the Stonewall riots, there was a change in points of view among the gay and lesbian community. Many gays and lesbians became less accepting of bisexual and transgender persons in general. Many gays and lesbians thought that transgender people were acting out stereotypes and that bisexuals were actually gay, but in too much fear to "come out of the closet". This separation still exists today, and it only became common to speak of all members of the LGBT community with equal respect in the trouble for LGBT rights in the late 1990s.

Some people who are LGBT may not "come out", as they may be a target of discrimination or prejudice, such as homophobia or transphobia. Many countries have discriminatory laws against LGBT people, some even giving out the death penalty for being gay or bisexual.

When not including transgender persons in general, the acronym is sometimes shortened to just ""LGB"".

Many other letters are added to the acronym, so much so that it has been described as an "alphabet soup" by some. A few of the other letters added are:

Not everyone is in agreement what should or should not be covered in the acronym, or which order the letters should go in.










Rainbow flag

The rainbow flag is a multi-colored flag consisting of stripes in the colors of the rainbow that is displayed in many cultures around the world as a sign of diversity and inclusiveness. The German pastor Thomas Müntzer used a rainbow flag as a symbol of solidarity as early as the German Peasants' War of the 16th century. It is common as a symbol of the Peace movement, first used this way in a peace march in Italy in 1961.

In 1924 the Indian spiritual teacher Meher Baba designed a rainbow flag. It is flown each year near his tomb near Ahmednagar, India during the anniversary of his death on January 31, 1969. Baba explained the symbolism, saying, "The colors in the flag signify man's rise from the grossest of impressions of lust and anger – symbolized by red – to the culmination in the highest state of spirituality and oneness with God – symbolized by sky blue." 

The rainbow is also a symbol in the Christian and Jewish Bible. It shows God's promise to Noah and his family to never cover the world in water again.

A Christian movement known as Cursillo, founded in 1944, uses these traditional rainbow symbols, including flags. Their version can have 5 to 7 colors, with red at the top, blue or purple at the bottom, and the Spanish words "De Colores!" ("of colors") in large letters on the front.

This rainbow flag in Italy was first used in a peace march in 1961, inspired by similar multi-coloured flags used in demonstrations against nuclear weapons. The most common variety has seven colours, purple, blue, light blue, green, yellow, orange and red, and is emblazoned in bold with the Italian word "PACE", meaning "peace". 

It has also been the symbol of the LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender) community since its creation in 1978. It is also called the 'Pride Flag.' The flag was created by Gilbert Baker of San Francisco, California in 1978.

Dualism

Dualism is the idea or theory that something (an object, an idea or the whole world) is split into two parts. These parts are separate from each other, and the thing cannot be divided up in any other way. The idea or theory that something cannot be split into any parts is called monism. The idea that something can be split into many parts is called pluralism.

In philosophy there are many kinds of dualism.

Dualism is also a common sense idea. For example, it is a form of dualism to say that a thing is either hot or cold, good or bad, mine or somebody else's, with no allowance for possible states in between.

In theology, dualism may also refer to "duotheism", "bitheism" or "ditheism". This the doctrine or belief that there are two independent divine beings or eternal principles, one good and the other evil. Examples of ditheism include Zoroastrianism, Wicca and Marcionism. Although the Bible mentions Satan, this is not ditheism as he is not equal to God, but merely an angel. (See Epistle of Jude, verse 6). Ditheism is not the same as dualism, but they are similar. Ditheism implies (at least) two gods, while moral dualism does not imply any "-theism" (belief in a god) whatsoever. The Old Dualist-Religion of the Roma people called Romanipen is a simple belive in "Devla-God and Beng-Satan".

Vomit

Vomiting, also called puking or emesis, is emptying the contents of stomach through mouth. It can be either food or liquid in the stomach. It can be from infection, contaminated food or drink (food poisoning), foul smells or foul-tasting food, the brain being injured, a block in the small intestines so food and liquid cannot go through, too much alcohol or other drugs. Also, people can make themselves vomit (self-induced) which is called purging. Usually, people who have eaten or drunk poison are made to vomit any residual (leftover) poison. Excessive vomiting may lead to dehydration, which can be dangerous, if not fatal as it will shut down a person's organs and twist the intestines.


Ancient Greece

Ancient Greek civilization, also commonly called Ancient Greece, was a large area, mostly along the northeast shore of the Mediterranean Sea, where people spoke the Greek language. The area was much larger than today's country of Greece. The Greek civilization thrived from the archaic period of the 8th to the 6th centuries BC to 146 BC. The period ended with the Roman conquest of Greece at the Battle of Corinth.

For most of the time, the Greeks did not have one government or ruler although they had a common language and culture. Greek is an Indo-European language.

There were many city-states, each with its own constitution. Athens, Sparta and Corinth were powerful city-states. Some had kings, and others, like Athens, had a form of democracy. As time went on, the most powerful city-states collected others into groups known as "leagues". That applied to many of the Greek colonies in Asia Minor, most of which had close ties to one or to another of the three biggest cities.

In the middle of the period, Classical Greece flourished during the 5th to 4th centuries BC. Athenian leadership repelled the threat of Persian invasion during the Greco-Persian Wars. The Athenian Golden Age ended with the defeat of Athens at the hands of Sparta in the Peloponnesian War in 345 BC.

In the last period, Greece was unified by the conquests of Alexander the Great. The city-states continued under the overall influence of Macedonia during the Hellenistic Period.

Greek culture had some influence on the Roman Empire, the main power of the Ancient World. That made classical Greece part of the foundation of Western civilization. Greek was also the language of the Byzantine Empire.

The history of Ancient Greece went through several stages:


In the 8th century B.C., the Greeks learned how to read and write a second time. They had lost literacy at the end of the Mycenaean culture, as the Mediterranean world fell into the Dark Ages. The Greek Dark Ages (~1100 BC–750 BC), also called the Bronze Age collapse, is a period in the history of Ancient Greece and Anatolia for which there are no written records and few archaeological remains.

The Greeks learned about the alphabet from another ancient people, the Phoenicians. They made some adjustments to it. In particular, the Greeks introduced regular letters for vowels, which were more important in their language. Their alphabet was, in turn, modified by the Etruscans and then the Romans, and much of the world now uses the Roman alphabet.

Ancient Greece had one language and culture but was not unified until 337 BC, when Macedonia defeated Athens and Thebes. That marked the end of the Classical period and the start of the Hellenistic period. Even then, the conquered cities were merely joined to Philip II of Macedon's Corinthian League, were not occupied and ruled themselves.

Ancient Greece consisted of several hundred more or less independent city states. That was different from other societies, which were either tribal or kingdoms that ruled over relatively large territories.

The geography of Greece, which is divided and sub-divided by hills, mountains and rivers, certainly contributed to the nature of ancient Greece. On the one hand, the ancient Greeks had no doubt that they were "one people" since they had the same religion, same basic culture, and same language. However, each city-state, or polis, was independent; unification was something rarely discussed by the ancient Greeks. Even during the second Persian invasion of Greece, although a group of city-states allied themselves to defend Greece, most "poleis" remained neutral, and after the Persian defeat, the allies quickly returned to infighting.

The major features of the Ancient Greek political system were: 

Later, during the Classical period, the leagues were fewer and larger, and dominated by one city (particularly Athens, Sparta and Thebes). Often cities would be forced to join under threat of war or as part of a peace treaty. After Philip II had conquered the heartlands of ancient Greece, he did not try to annex the territory or unify it into a new province. However, he forced most of the cities to join his own Corinthian League.

Some city-states were democratic, some were aristocratic and some were monarchies. Some had many revolutions in which one kind of government replaced another. One famous Greek kingdom is Macedon, which became briefly the largest empire that the world had seen at the time by conquering the Persian Empire (including ancient Egypt) and reaching India. Other famous kingdoms are Epirus and Thessaly.

Monarchies in ancient Greece were not absolute because there was usually a council of older citizens (the Senate or, in Macedonia, the Congress) who gave advice to the King. These men were not elected or chosen in a lottery, unlike in the democratic city-states.

Citizens who could participate in government in ancient Greece were usually men who were free-born in that city. Women, slaves and (usually) residents who were born elsewhere did not have the right to vote. The details differed by city-state.

For example, in Athens, the residents of Athens were of three groups: citizens, metics (resident aliens) and slaves. Citizens were residents whose ancestors had been Athenians for three generations. Male citizens had the rights of free men and could be chosen to fulfill any official state position. "Of the estimated 150,000 residents of the city-state of Attica, only about one fifth held the privilege of citizenship". Women who were citizens in Athens could not participate in political offices, but in Sparta they could.

The number of Greeks grew, and soon, not enough food could be grown for all of the people. When that happened, a city-state would send people off to start a new one, known as a colony.

Because the terrain was rough, most travel was by sea. For that reason, many new cities were established along the coastline. First new cities were started in Anatolia (Asia Minor) and later along the Black Sea, in Cyprus, in southern Italy, in Sicily and around what is now Benghazi in Libya. They even started a city, Naucratis, on the river Nile, in Egypt. Today's Syracuse, Naples, Marseille and Istanbul started as the Greek cities Syracusa, Neapolis, Massilia and Byzantium.

By the 6th century BC, some city-states became much more important than the others: Corinth, Thebes, Sparta and Athens.

The Spartans were very well-disciplined soldiers. They defeated the people who lived near them, who had to farm the land for the Spartans. These helots had to give the Spartans part of the food that they grew and so the Spartans did not have to work. Instead, they learned how to be better soldiers. There were not many Spartans, but there were many helots. Spartan military strength controlled the helots. The Spartans had two hereditary kings who led them in war. At home they were also ruled by a group of old men, called the "Gerousia" (Senate).

Athens became a democracy in 510 BC. The men came to a place in the centre of the city and decided what to do. It was the first place in the world in which the people decided what their country should do. They would talk and then vote on what to do at the "Boule" (Council). However, the women and the slaves did not vote. The slaves were owned by their masters and could be sold to someone else. The Athenian slaves were less free than the Spartan helots were. Every year, Athenian citizens elected eight "strategoi" (generals), who led them in war.

In 499 BC, the Greek city-states in Anatolia rebelled because did not want Persia to rule them anymore. Athens sent 20 ships to fight the Persians on the sea. The Greeks in Anatolia were defeated. Persian King Darius I decided to punish Athens. He sent soldiers and ships to fight Athens.

Athens asked for help from Sparta, which was unable to because it then had a religious festival. Athens sent its own soldiers against the Persian soldiers and at the Battle of Marathon (490 BC) defeated the Persians. Help from Sparta then came.

At the Battle of Thermopylae, the Spartans were led by Leonidas and resisted the huge Persian army. After a couple of days, a traitor, Ephialtes, led the Persians around the pass behind the Greek army. Realising that defeat was inevitable, Leonidas released many of his men. Those who stayed knew that it would be a fight to the death. Leonides kept elite hoplites (foot soldiers) who had living sons at home. Some Thespians and Thebans who volunteered to stay.

On the third day, Leonidas led his 300 Spartan hoplites and their allies against Xerxes I and his mighty army. The Spartan-led forces fought the Persian force to their deaths to block the pass long enough to keep Xerxes and his army occupied while the rest of the Greek army escaped.

After Thermopylae, many Greeks wanted to go south to the Peloponnese. Because the Isthmus of Corinth, the way into the Peloponnese, is very narrow, many of them wanted to fight the Persians there.

Athens is north of Corinth and had a navy. The Athenian leader Themistocles wanted to fight the Persians by the island of Salamis. Xerxes decided to send his fleet against the Greek fleet before the Greek ships could go to the Peloponnese. The Greek fleet defeated the Persians at the Battle of Salamis. Xerxes then went home with many of his soldiers, but a Persian army stayed in Greece. It was defeated at the Battle of Platea in 479 BC.

After the Persians' defeat at Platea, the Spartans did very little. However, Persia was still dangerous. Athens asked the Greek city-states on the islands in the Aegean and in Anatolia to join it. They agreed because they were afraid of Persia and formed the Delian League and Athens was their leader. Many of the city-states of the Delian League had to pay Athens tribute money. Athens used it to build many ships and the Parthenon. During the Peloponnesian War, Sparta was still strong on land, but Athens was stronger on the sea. Several times, there was war between Athens and Sparta. Athens then decided to send many ships to Sicily to Syracuse. Sparta sent help to Syracuse, and Athens was defeated. None of the Athenian ships came back.

Sparta now wanted to build ships to fight Athens. It took a long time for Sparta to defeat Athens, but at the Battle of Aegospotami, the Spartans destroyed most of Athens's ships. The Athenians used advanced ships, called triremes, which had their combat systems and were propelled by oarsmen. On the front of the trireme was a large bronze battering ram. The oarsmen would row the trireme at an enemy boat and ram a hole into its hull. This was the most effective way for the trireme to destroy other boats. The hoplites on the trireme would board the enemy ship and capture it. However, the Athenian fleet of triremes was destroyed in a battle in 405 BC. Athens surrendered the following year and the war was over. Athens never recovered its previous domination.

Men, when they were not working, fighting or discussing politics, could at festive times go to watch dramas, comedies or tragedies. Ancient Greek theatre often involved politics and the gods of Greek mythology. Women were not allowed to perform in the theatre and so male actors played female roles.

Women did domestic work, such as spinning, weaving, cleaning and cooking. They were not involved in public life or politics. Those from rich families, however, had slaves to carry out domestic work for them.

The ecumene (US) or oecumene (UK) is an ancient Greek term for the known world. In antiquity, it was the parts of the world known to Greek geographers, which was basically the Mediterranean world. Europe, Asia and Africa (north of the Atlas mountains and Egypt). The Greeks were well aware of the Persian Empire, and Alexander the Great's army got as far as parts of what is now Pakistan.

Under the Roman Empire, the term came to mean civilisation itself, which was wider than the Greeks had supposed.

The famous Olympic Games were held at Olympia every four years. They were for men only, and women were not allowed to attend, even as spectators. The sports included running, javelin throwing, discus throwing and wrestling. The games were unusual because the athletes could come from any Greek city-state.

Another competition, the Heraean Games, was held for women and was also held at Olympus at a different time from the men's event.

The rules for girls in Sparta were different from other city-states. They were trained in the same events as boys because Spartans believed that strong women would produce strong babies, who would become future warriors. Their girl athletes were unmarried and competed while they were nude or wore short dresses. Boys were allowed to watch the athletes in the hope of creating marriages and offspring.

Later, during the classical period, girls could compete in the same festivals as males.



Malaria

Malaria is an infectious disease caused by a parasite: it is spread by the bite of an infected mosquito. People catch malaria when the parasite enters the blood. The parasite causes a deadly infection which kills many people each year (from 75 million cases in 1950s to 0.1 million cases in 1960s). However, due to the development of insecticide resistance among mosquitoes and other factors, it staged a comeback in the mid-1970s (6.47 million cases in 1976), and continues to prevail in endemic/subendemic proportions, so that 80% Indian population lives in malaria risk areas.

Malaria is produced by 4 species of the protozoal parasite Plasmodium, is endemic in many tropical countries. It is one of the most common health problems. As per latest WHO estimates (2011)* between 149 and 274 (median 216) million clinical cases and ~ 0.655 million deaths occur globally due to malaria each year, 90% of which are in Africa. This amounts to one malaria death every minute. In India, the National Malaria Eradication Programme (NMEP), started in 1958, achieved near complete disappearance of the disease in 1960s (from 75 million cases in 1950s to 0.1 million cases in 1960s).

The parasite that causes malaria is a protozoan called 'Plasmodium'. Protozoa are organisms with only one cell, but they are not bacteria. Bacteria are smaller and simpler than protozoans.

People usually get malaria from the "Anopheles" or "Culex" mosquitoes : they are the vectors of the disease. The "Plasmodium" gets into people by the bites of mosquitoes. The "Plasmodium" is in the mosquito's special saliva. The mosquito's saliva injects an anticoagulant into the person to prevent their blood from clotting. The person is then infected with "Plasmodium" as a by-product. This makes the person have the disease we call malaria.

Only the female mosquito gives people malaria, because only the female mosquito consumes blood. The male mosquito lives on the nectar of flowers. The female uses blood as a source of protein for its eggs.

Some people do not get malaria from mosquitoes. A baby can get it while inside its mother. This is called "maternal-foetal transmission". People can also get malaria from a blood transfusion. This is when someone gives blood to another person. Another way people can catch malaria is by using a needle that someone with the disease used before them.

There are several species (kinds) of "Plasmodium" that cause malaria in humans:

"P. vivax" and "P. falciparum" cause the most malaria in people. "Falciparum" malaria is the worst kind, and kills the most people.

When "Plasmodium" enters the blood, they are then called "sporozoites". Sporozoites go to the liver, where they make many more sporozoites. Then they change into a different form of "Plasmodium". This form is the "merozoite". The merozoites go into the red blood cells, then they make many more merozoites.

The merozoites break out of the red blood cells again and again. When they do this, the person gets very sick, and shows symptoms of malaria. This happens every few days, and is called a paroxysm.

"P. vivax" and "P. ovale" can live in the liver for a long time. A person can look well, but still have the "Plasmodium" in the liver. This is called a "dormant phase". Weeks or months later, the "Plasmodium" can leave the liver to the blood, and the person will get sick again.

"P. falciparum" is the most dangerous type of malaria. It makes people sicker than those with other types of malaria, because there are more of them in the blood. Also, with "falciparum" malaria, the red blood cells are sticky. This makes the red blood cells block blood vessels. If blood vessels are blocked, this can hurt what the blood vessel brings blood to, and can hurt people's organs.
Pregnant women and children are hurt most by malaria. When they get malaria, they get sicker.

40% of people live in a place where there is malaria. Malaria is in these places:

Every year, 300 to 700 million people get malaria. It kills 1 million to 2 million people every year. 90% of the deaths occur in Africa. Most of the people who die from malaria are children. Even if children do not die, many have brain damage.

Many of these deaths might be stopped with medicine or mosquito control. But many of the places malaria may be found are in poor countries. These countries do not have enough money to stop the mosquitoes, or to give people medicine. Money, however, is not the only problem. A country must have an organised medical system to provide services. Many countries in central Africa have been disrupted by warfare and conflict between groups, and general unrest. Also, easy solutions to kill the parasites do not exist as they did 50 years ago. This is because the insects are resistant to many insecticides, and the "Plasmodium" parasite is highly resistant to quinine and most other common drugs. This is a normal evolutionary process: the chemicals weed out the non-resistant organisms, and the offspring of the few resistant organisms multiply.

Symptoms are changes in someone's body that are signs for a disease. Most people who get malaria get symptoms 10–30 days after they get infected (the "Plasmodium" gets in their blood.) But some people can get symptoms after only a week, and some may be infected with malaria and not have symptoms for a year.

The most common symptom of malaria is fever, when the body temperature is high. The fever from malaria usually comes very suddenly. The people who have malaria often feel like they had influenza.

Symptoms of malaria are:
Signs of malaria:

Complications are problems that happen because of a disease.

Pregnant women and young children have more complications. People who get malaria for the first time have more complications. "Falciparum" malaria has the most complications.

A clinical diagnosis is based on the signs and symptoms of a disease, it is a diagnosis made without medical testing. In the case of malaria one of the main symptoms which may lead to a clinical diagnosis of malaria is a fever.

Any clinical diagnosis of malaria should be confirmed by a trained professional based upon laboratory results as soon as it is possible.

A Malaria rapid diagnostic test is a blood test which can confirm a diagnosis of malaria in about twenty minutes. RDTs are not foolproof and have a number of drawbacks, and as such a negative rapid diagnostic test should not be accepted at face-value and follow-up with malaria microscopy is necessary.

To see if patients have malaria, doctors may do a blood test. This test is called a "Giemsa blood smear". Blood is put on a slide which is a thin piece of glass. The "Giemsa" stain is put on the slide. This stain helps doctors see the malaria. Then they look at the slide under a microscope. The "Plasmodium" is seen in the red blood cells.

People with different kinds of malaria need different medicines. The medicine that works for one kind of malaria may not for another kind. So it is very important to know which species of "Plasmodium" the person has.

If the species is not known, the person should be given medicine and care like they have "falciparum" malaria the worst kind.

It is also important to know "where" the person got malaria. "Plasmodium" in some places is resistant to some medicines. So the medicines to treat malaria in Africa are different from the medicines to treat malaria from South America.

Everywhere except New Guinea, the treatment is the same. In New Guinea most "P. vivax" is resistant to "chloroquine". It can be treated with quinine, but this medicine can make people sick. Everywhere else, non-"falciparum" malaria is treated with chloroquine.

Chloroquine kills the "Plasmodium" in the blood. But the "Plasmodium" in the liver is not killed by chloroquine. "P. vivax" and "P. ovale" both stay in the liver a "long" time. This is the "dormant phase". Another medicine must be given with chloroquine for "P. vivax" and "P. ovale". This is to kill the "Plasmodium" in the liver. The medicine used to kill malaria in the liver is "primaquine". In southeast Asia, some "P. vivax" is resistant to primaquine. Most other places, "primaquine" works very well.

Some people get very sick from "primaquine". So people have to be tested to see if they have G6PD-deficiency before they take "primaquine".

Falciparum is the worst kind of malaria. People with "falciparum" malaria should be treated in a hospital if they are:

Even people who are treated with medicines at home should stay with the doctor for 8 hours. This is to make sure they do not get sicker.It also makes sure they can take the medicines by mouth. Malaria does not start to become a life-threatening disease until it has been a couple of weeks after the bite without being treated.

"Falciparum" malaria also has more resistance to medicines. This makes it much harder to treat. "Falciparum" malaria is always treated with two or more medicines. Doctors choose the medicines by where in the world the person got malaria. Different places have "P. falciparum" that is resistant to different medicines.

The most important resistance is chloroquine-resistance. In some places in the world, "P. falciparum" is killed by chloroquine. In some places it is chloroquine-resistant. This means chloroquine does not kill it. In these places quinine can be used. Quinine is taken by mouth.

There are three ways to prevent malaria:

"Vector control" is one way to stop malaria. Vector means an organism that carries an infectious disease to another organism. For malaria, the vector is the "Anopheles" mosquito.

The most used method of vector control is pesticides. These are chemicals that kill the mosquito. The first pesticide used for vector control was DDT. DDT worked very well for vector control. It killed mosquitoes. It did not make people very sick at the time it was used. It did not cost very much money. Other chemicals for vector control had not been invented yet.

In many places mosquitoes became resistant to DDT. This meant that DDT did not work anymore in these areas. Scientists worried that DDT was making people and animals sick. It killed a lot of wildlife too. DDT also stays in the environment for a long time. For these reasons, people mostly use other chemicals for vector control. "Organophosphate" or "carbonate" pesticides are used, like "malathion" or "bendiocarb".

Vector control is not the only way to stop malaria. And DDT is not the only chemical that can be used for vector control. The best way to stop malaria is to use a combination of methods. In some places, DDT may be a useful part of a program to stop malaria. This is why DDT is still allowed to be used for controlling malaria.

The mosquito that carries malaria comes more at dawn (when the sun comes up) and dusk (when the sun goes down.) Be most careful at these times. Wear long trousers and shirts with long sleeves. Wear mosquito repellent (this is a chemical that mosquitoes do not like, so they do not bite.) Mosquitoes will bite through thin cloth. So repellent should be used on skin "and clothes".

Pesticides can be used in rooms to kill mosquitoes. When sleeping outside, people use a mosquito net. This is made from cloth that air can go through but keeps mosquitoes out. It is put over a bed where people sleep to keep mosquitoes out. Sometimes people also use it when they are not sleeping. It is best to use mosquito nets that have been treated with Permethrin, which repels and kills mosquitoes.

People can take medicine when they are in a place where there is malaria. This reduces the chances that they contract malaria. This is called "prophylaxis".

Some people take prophylactic medicines for years. Many people in areas where there is malaria do not have the money to buy this medicine.

People who live where there is no malaria usually have "not" had malaria. The first case malaria is usually much worse. So people from places where there is no malaria may take prophylactic medicines when they go to places where there is malaria. The kind of prophylactic medicines people take depends on where they are. This is because not all medicines work on the malaria in every place.

To make them work best, prophylactic medicines have to be taken the right way. The medicine should start "before" going to an area with malaria. Most medicines should be taken for 4 weeks after coming home. One medicine (Malarone) only needs to be used for "one" week after coming home.

There are some children in Tanzania who are naturally immune to malaria. Researchers are using this to develop a new vaccine. U.S. researchers have found the children produce an antibody which attacks the malaria-causing parasite. Injecting a form of this antibody into mice protected the animals from the disease. The researchers plan to do tests on primates, including humans.

It was Britain's Sir Ronald Ross, working in the Presidency General Hospital in the Kolkata, who finally proved in 1898 that malaria is transmitted by "anopheles" mosquitoes. He did this by showing that certain mosquito species transmit malaria to birds. He isolated malaria parasites from the salivary glands of mosquitoes that had fed on infected birds. For this work, Ross received the 1902 Nobel Prize in Medicine. After resigning from the Indian Medical Service, Ross worked at the newly established Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine and directed malaria-control efforts in Egypt, Panama, Greece and Mauritius. The findings of Finlay and Ross were later confirmed by a medical board headed by Walter Reed in 1900. Its recommendations were used during construction of the Panama Canal. This public-health work saved the lives of thousands of workers and helped develop the methods used in future public-health campaigns against the disease.

The first effective treatment for malaria came from the bark of cinchona tree, which contains quinine. This tree grows on the slopes of the Andes, mainly in Peru. The indigenous peoples of Peru made a tincture of cinchona to control malaria. The Jesuits noted the efficacy of the practice and introduced the treatment to Europe during the 1640s, where it was rapidly accepted. It was not until 1820 that the active ingredient, quinine, was extracted from the bark, isolated and named by French chemists.

In the early 20th century, before antibiotics became available, Julius Wagner-Jauregg discovered that patients with syphilis could be treated by intentionally infecting them with malaria. The resulting fever would kill the syphilis spirochaetes, and quinine could be administered to control the malaria. Although some patients died from malaria, this was preferable to the almost-certain death from syphilis.

In the twentieth century between 2% and 5% of all deaths were from malaria. Malaria was the largest hazard encountered by U.S. troops in the South Pacific during World War II, where about 500,000 men were infected. Sixty thousand American soldiers died of malaria during the North African and South Pacific campaigns.



Blood vessel

A blood vessel is a tube that carries blood in the circulatory system. Blood vessels that take blood away from the heart are arteries. Blood vessels that take blood back to the heart are veins. Capillaries are between veins and arteries and they supply tissue with blood. 

The heart plus all of the blood vessels in the body together are called the circulatory system. Blood is moved by the pumping of the heart and carries oxygen to the tissues. 

The expansion of blood vessels is called vasodilation, it helps the body to get rid of heat energy ("vas-" in Latin means "container" or "vessel").
The constriction of blood vessels is called vasoconstriction, it prevents the body from losing warmth. 

There are 100,000 km (60,000 miles) of blood vessels in an adult human body.

Growing new blood vessels is called angiogenesis.

Different parts of the body have different kinds of blood vessels for different parts of their work. The vessel wall consists of three shells:

The structure of the vessel wall depends on hemodynamic conditions: blood flow velocity, volume and blood pressure. Arteries located close to the heart are characterized by a predominance of elastic elements that are able to counteract high hemodynamic parameters. As you move away from the heart, hemodynamic values decrease, the caliber of blood vessels decreases and the number of muscle elements in their walls increases, which are able to create additional force to push blood into the network of the smallest vessels.

Jana Gana Mana

"Jana Gana Mana" (, ; , ; "Thou art the Ruler of the Minds of All People", ) is the title for the national anthem of India. The original words were written in the Bengali language. It was originally a five-verse poem created in 1911 by Rabindranath Tagore—the same author for the Bangladeshi anthem. In January 1950, just the first verse was made to be officially part of the national anthem of India per the Constituent Assembly of India. In addition, the lyrics now contain many words of Sanskrit origin.


Circulatory system

The circulatory system (also called the cardiovascular system) is the body system that moves blood around the body. It consists of the heart and blood vessels. The blood carries various materials that the body needs, and takes away waste and harmful substances.

Blood vessels that take blood away from the heart are arteries. Arteries divide into smaller arteries as they go away from the heart. The smaller arteries that connect to the capillaries, are called "arterioles".

Blood vessels that take blood towards the heart are veins. Veins get bigger as they go towards the heart. The smallest veins are called "venules". Pronounced (VEHN-yools)

Capillaries go between arteries and veins. Capillaries are quite thin, hence the name which comes from the Latin "capillus" meaning "hair." 

So blood moves: heart→artery→arteriole→capillary→venule→vein→heart. This is called circulation. There are two different "circulations" in the circulatory system. The "systemic circulation" is how blood goes to most of the body. The "pulmonary circulation" is how blood goes through the lungs. (Pulmonary means ¨about the lungs¨). This is how it works in mammals, including humans. Circulatory systems of other vertebrates differ somewhat.

Blood that comes from the left side of the heart is full of oxygen and nutrients. Nutrients are substances that your body needs to live, like protein, fat, carbohydrates, vitamins, and minerals. The blood brings the oxygen and nutrients to your body.

This blood in "systemic" arteries that is full of oxygen and nutrients is "systemic arterial blood". It is sometimes just called "arterial blood". 

The biggest systemic artery in the body is the aorta. This is the large blood vessel that comes out of the heart. Smaller arteries branch off from the aorta. These arteries have smaller arteries that branch off from them. The smallest arteries turn into arterioles.

The smallest blood vessels are capillaries. Systemic arterioles turn into capillaries. The blood from arterioles goes into the capillaries. There oxygen and nutrients go out of the blood into the tissue around the capillaries. The blood also picks up carbon dioxide and waste from the tissue. The network of capillaries that brings blood to an area is called a "capillary bed".

On the other end of the capillary, it turns into a venule. Venules are the smallest veins. Veins take blood back to the heart. As veins go back to the heart, they merge and get bigger. The biggest systemic veins in the body are the vena cava. There are two vena cava. The "inferior vena cava" takes blood from the lower part of the body to the right side of the heart. (In anatomy, inferior means below.) The "superior vena cava" takes blood from the upper part of the body to the heart. (Superior means above.)

This same movement of blood goes through the lungs in the "pulmonary circulation".

The blood that the vena cava vein takes to the heart is full of carbon dioxide. It has much less oxygen than (systemic) arterial blood. The right side of the heart pushes the venous blood into the pulmonary artery. The pulmonary artery takes blood to the lungs. In the lungs, the blood goes through the "pulmonary capillary bed". (The capillaries that are in the lungs). Here it gets more oxygen. It also drops off carbon dioxide. (This is the opposite of what happens in capillary beds in the rest of the body. In the systemic circulation blood drops off oxygen and picks up carbon dioxide).

After the pulmonary capillary bed, the blood goes to the pulmonary veins. This "pulmonary venous blood" now is full of oxygen. The pulmonary veins take blood to the left side of the heart. Then the blood goes to the systemic circulation again.

Veins from the gut shunt to the liver before returning to the right atrium and ventricle. The shunt is called the hepatic portal vein. 

The meaning of this is as follows. The liver is the body's main chemical factory. It takes in the flow of nutrients from the gut, and adjusts them to suit what the body needs. It can store surplus nutrients, or release extra nutrients from store. It can change the chemical make-up of many nutrients. In this way it adapts to the many different kinds of food which the body digests.



Pink triangle

The pink triangle is one of the two big symbols of the LGBT community. The other is the rainbow flag.
The pink triangle was first used in Nazi Germany to mark homosexual prisoners. There was also a "black triangle" that marked "anti-social women". Many but not all of these women were lesbians. Jews wore the famous yellow star of David. If a prisoner was both Jewish and gay, he would wear a yellow triangle overlapped by a pink triangle, creating a star of David.

Homosexuality was illegal in Nazi Germany under a law called "Paragraph 175", which made it a felony (a "very serious" crime). About 100,000 people were arrested, with about 50,000 sent to prison. Some were sent to mental hospitals. Some were castrated (had their testicles removed). Some homosexual men were also sent to concentration camps, especially Jewish homosexuals. Between 15,000 and 600,000 homosexual men were sent to concentration camps. Most of them died there. We are not sure of the real number. Prisoners who were Jewish and homosexual may not have been counted as homosexual.

Homosexual prisoners were treated worse than other prisoners. Their death rates were higher than other "anti-social" groups. One story by a gay man who lived in a concentration camp shows how it was. Pierre Seel was sent to the Schirmeck concentration camp. The Nazis said a public execution would happen. A man was brought out. Seel saw that the man was his 18 year old lover. The Nazis took all the clothes of Seel's lover and put a bucket over his head. Then Seel had to watch as the Nazis let German Shepherds (dogs) maul his lover to death.

After World War II, homosexual men were still not treated well in Germany. The law continued. It was used to hurt homosexuals and to put them in prison. Many spent years in prison.

The pink triangle observes the memory of the homosexual people who died in the Holocaust. It is important not to ignore these deaths. The killing of homosexuals both during WWII "and" "after" WWII ended is the secret story of the Holocaust. Using the pink triangle symbol puts these victims in the public view. It is in respect for those who died.

Chat room

A chat room is a virtual place on the Internet where people can get together and type messages to each other using text. People use programs like IRC to join a chat room and type messages or send pictures to the other people within that chat. There are also other programs called instant messengers to stay in contact with friends, colleagues and other people. Websites on the Internet often have types of chat rooms built into them, and lots of chat rooms also use .

Chat rooms are normally used as tools to talk with people that are far away, but many people still use them to talk to people who live near them, because it's very convenient. The first chat system was used by the U.S. government in 1971.


Alan Wake

Alan Wake is a video game made by Remedy Entertainment. It is a "thriller" game and was voted best game of E3 in 2005. It was released on Xbox 360 in May 2010 and Microsoft Windows on February 16, 2012.


Devil May Cry 4

Devil May Cry 4 is the fourth video game in the series of "Devil May Cry". It was released on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on February 5 2008. Before to this game, all "Devil May Cry" games had only been released on the PlayStation video game consoles. This one was the first game to be released on the Xbox as well as The PlayStation. In January, gamers could download a demo at the PlayStation Store and Xbox Live Marketplace .

One big difference in this game is that Dante is no longer the main character. A new character named Nero is the new hero. Lady and Trish from older games return in this game. This game has more new characters, such as Kyrie, Credo, Agnus, Gloria, and Sanctus and new demons and bosses for the player to fight.

This game is just like the first games. It follows the usual "Devil May Cry" gameplay using a variety of melee and long-range weapons

50 Cent

Curtis James Jackson III (born July 6, 1975) known by his professional name 50 Cent is an American rapper, actor, and businessman.

He was born in the South Jamaica neighborhood of the borough of Queens, New York City on July 6, 1975. Growing up, he never knew his father and his mother were murdered when he was just 8 years old. He grew up in a neighborhood called STP. He learned how to play basketball and football. In 2000, he got shot nine times by an attacker. Before becoming a rapper he was a drug dealer. His stage name is a tribute to New York City criminal Kelvin Martin (also known as 50 Cent).

50 Cent first appeared on Onyx's 1998 single "React". In 1999, he recorded the single "How to Rob" for the soundtrack of "In Too Deep". "Power of the Dollar" was supposed to be 50 Cent's first album which included "How to Rob". He became successful in rap music in 2002. He was helped by his fellow gang boss Rijaan D. M. (the same person who helped him release track "Wanksta"). Since then, he has sold millions of records. His first album, "Get Rich or Die Tryin'" broke music records and went multi-platinum. It was number one right away on the "Billboard" 200. It sold 872,000 copies in the first four days. 50 and the album both won an American Music Award. He won the first Sound of... award by the BBC for new artists. He also won the BET Award for Best New Artist.

In the summer of 2005, 50 Cent had a fight (or ""beef"") with The Game, a rapper in his G-Unit group. After this, The Game left G-Unit, and made some diss songs about 50 Cent. 50 Cent answered with songs like "Mr. Potato Head" and "300 shots" featuring G-Unit. 50 Cent was also the first to sign onto a joint effort between Eminem's Shady Records and Dr. Dre's Aftermath Entertainment. 50 Cent also mentions Rijaan D.M. in many of his tracks e.g. "Candy Shop", 'Down On Me FT Jeremih' etc. As a teen. 50 Cent's role model was Tupac Shakur so, from the start his ambition was to be a gangster rapper. 50 Cent rapped on Michael Jackson's 2010 single "Monster" from Jackson's album "Michael".



50 Cent has been nominated 14 times and won once.

50 Cent has won six awards.


Talk

Talking is communication using language and speech. See also chat and vocal chords. Talking is used to express feelings, emotions and thoughts.

Subject (school)

Subjects are the parts into which learning can be divided. At school, each lesson usually covers one subject only. Some of the most common subjects at school are Language arts, history, mathematics, physical education and science.

Primary school subjects: (ages 4–11)

Secondary school subjects: (ages 11–16)

Other subjects include: 


Learning English

Learning English is what people do when they want to use the English language. In language learning, we often talk about language skills and language systems. Language skills include: speaking, listening, reading, and writing. Language systems include vocabulary, grammar, pronunciation, and discourse.

A lot of people learn English at school, where English is a common subjects. Many people also want to spend their own personal time to learn English. Some of these people may not know any English, where others will have learned some English in school, and will want to advance their knowledge of it.

English is taught in many schools. It may be a required course for graduation, or students may choose to study it. For profit language schools are also common in many countries. These businesses sell English lessons.

English taught in community settings, for adult immigrants to English-speaking countries, is often referred to as ESOL (English for speakers of other languages).

Other people try to learn English on their own, or in a less formal setting than in a group of people with a teacher.

People might meet with others who are trying to learn English, in order to practice speaking.

People can also listen to radio broadcasts in English, or watch television programmes in English to help them improve their listening ability. A popular channel to listen to the radio on is broadcast by the BBC, called the BBC World Service .

People can also study English by reading books, or listening to English courses on recorded CDs or cassettes.

The internet boom has created lot of avenues for learning. People can get lot of ideas on how to improve English communication skills using search engines like Google, Yahoo, etc. Especially during the lockdown due to COVID-19, online classes and courses became a main source of learning. The BBC World Service has a free website for people who are learning English as a second or foreign language called BBC Learning English.

Major tests of English language proficiency include TOEFL, IELTS, TOEIC, Pearson English Test, Cambridge Assessment English, and the Duolingo English Test.



Ethical tradition

An ethical tradition is a group of things that one group of people think are right and wrong. People believe that these things are right and wrong because other people think that way and they have thought that way for a long time.

An ethical tradition can be like a set of laws because most people agree with it and only do what it says is right. However an ethical tradition is not normally written down and is not enforced by a police force.

The branch of philosophy called ethics is not the same as an ethical tradition. This is because ethics is about asking questions and not just thinking what other people think. However some ethical philosophers want to know why people follow ethical traditions. They also want to know what ethical traditions are the same for different groups of people. This type of ethics is sometimes called the science of morals.

Dildo

A dildo is a sex toy. It is most often used in place of an actual penis for sexual reasons. Dildos come in many different shapes, sizes, and materials (most often glass, plastic, rubber, metal, or wood) for different looks and feels, different uses, and to provide the best stimulation for different people. Some dildos vibrate and pivot for extra pleasure.

Both men and women can use dildos. They are most often put into the vagina or anus, but are sometimes used in oral sex. Since dildos are very simple toys, they can be used in many different ways. They can produce arousal to the point of an orgasm. For this reason, dildos are commonly used for masturbation.


Alien

Alien might mean:

Bioinformatics

Bioinformatics or computational biology is the study of large amounts of biological information or genome. It focuses on molecules like DNA. It is done often with the help of computers.

As species of living things change over time, the DNA contained in their cells change, because of evolution. If we can extract the information from living things today, and compare them to each other, we can see which living things are most closely related, the most similar can be thought to be the most closely related in time. Biologists can then construct family trees, or phylogenies. By combining each tree, a grand tree connecting all living things can be made, this is called the "Tree of Life". Bioinformatics uses integration of mathematical, statistical and computational method to analyze biological, biochemical and biophysical data.

All of the information needed by a cell is provided in its DNA. When a cell wants to build a protein, it finds the appropriate piece of DNA, makes a copy of it (called RNA), and uses the instructions in the copy to make the protein. 

Proteins can perform many functions like transportation, structural support, movement and metabolism. Proteins are made from "amino acids". There are twenty different amino acids that are used to build millions of different protein molecules. 

These molecules can be studied using computers to analyze the DNA, RNA, and amino acid sequences from which they are created. Because there are so many different molecules, the best way we have of understanding how the entire system works is to use bioinformatics.

Chemists have developed ways to understand the shape and behavior of small molecules, using mathematical analysis. They might use computers to study these molecules. The DNA contained in just one cell of an organism is far too large to be read by any person, and to compare the DNA between two (or more) organisms, be they in the brother and sister, or of a completely different species, requires comparing large amounts of information to find differences. Computers are better suited to such comparisons, and computer programmers have worked with biologists to create very very large databases to store all the DNA information that has ever been learned.


Economy of India

The economy of India is the sixth largest in the world with a GDP (a year's goods and services) of US$3.94 trillion. If considered PPP (purchasing power parity (how much that money can buy in India compared to other countries), the economy is the third largest (worth US$12.51 trillion). Measured by population it was 125th in the world in 2022.

India's economy includes agriculture, handicrafts, industries, and a lot of services. The service sector is the main source of economic growth in India today, though two-thirds of Indian people earn their living directly or indirectly through agriculture. In recent times, due to its many well-educated people who can speak English, India became a pioneer in information technology.

For most of India's independent history, it had strict government controls in many areas such as telecommunications (communication over long distances), banking and foreign direct investment. In 1967 70% of the people earned less than 150 rupees a month. Since the early 1990s, India has slowly opened up its markets by reducing government control on foreign trade and investment. This was started by Manmohan Singh under the leadership of P. V. Narasimha Rao. From then, the Indian Economy grew at a rapid pace.

The Indian rupee (₹) is the money in India. In 1947 an American dollar was worth about 3 rupees. In 2022 it was worth about 75 rupees.

The social and economic problems India faces are the increasing population, poverty, lack of infrastructure (buildings, roads, etc.) and growing unemployment.

Testicle

Testicles are parts that are found on the bodies of male creatures. Male mammals, including humans, have two testicles, supported in a sac of skin below the penis called the scrotum. Along with the penis, testicles are called reproductory organs or "sex organs". Only males have testicles; females have ovaries. 

Testicles are a type of organ called glands. Like other glands, testicles make "chemical substances", called hormones that keep the body working. Testicles also make sperm, which can join with ova to make new life. 

Most glands, like women's ovaries, are inside the body, but testicles are outside the main part of the body. This is because the testicles work better if they are cooler than the inside of the body. In cold weather, testicles pull up nearer to the body to keep warm.

The testicles are firm, oval-shaped glands. Most testicles match in size, but some testicles are much larger or smaller than others. Normal sized testicles are between 14 cm³ to 35 cm³. 

Most men have one testicle that hangs lower than the other one. Scientists think this may be so that they do not hit against each other. It is usually, but not always, the left testicle that hangs lower.

The testicles hang in the scrotum by the spermatic cord. They are outside the body because they need to be cooler than the temperature inside the body, in order to make sperm. If a man's testicles get cold, they are automatically pulled closer to the body. The "spermatic" cord is tightened by the cremasteric muscle. When this muscle "contracts" (pulls tighter), the cord gets shorter, which pulls the testicles closer to the body. If the testicles are too warm, the cremasteric muscle "relaxes" (gets longer.) This lowers the testicles to keep them cooler. This is how the testicles are kept at the right temperature. This is called the "cremasteric reflex". (A reflex is something your body "automatically" does without you thinking about it.)

There are other uses for the "cremasteric reflex" apart from making the testicles the right temperature. Stress can also make the "cremasteric reflex" work. If a male human or mammal gets into a fight, then its testicles are in danger. They automatically pull up close to the body. The "cremasteric reflex" also happens during sexual intercourse.

Testicles have two important jobs in the body. They are part of two of the body's systems, the endocrine system which keeps the body working, and the reproductive system which makes new life. 

Testicles are a type of organ called glands. (This makes them part of the body's "endocrine system".) The human body has many types of glands. The job of glands within a body is to make "chemical substances", and put them out into the body's system. A body has lots of different systems that keep it in good working order all the time, and that also provide for a body's special needs. Some of the body's special needs happen when a person gets angry, frightened or sick, or if the person wants to have sexual intercourse. At these times a body uses more of some types of "chemical substance", so the glands that make them work harder. 

Testicles make several types of chemical substances. They are not simple chemicals, but are very complicated and very important to life. Making these substances is controlled by the pituitary gland which is a small gland in the brain.

One substance made by the testicles is a type of substance known as a hormone. It is the hormone testosterone. Testosterone is important in a male person's body, because it makes him grow into a man and feel like a man during puberty. (Women's bodies make some testosterone too, but they make more female hormone called estrogen.) 

As well as being chemical-producing glands, testicles are gonads. (This makes them part of the body's "reproductive system".) Apart from "hormones", the other important substances made by the testicles are spermatozoa, which are generally just called sperm. (The word "sperm" is plural, so you do not add an "s" and say "sperms".) The "sperm" are tiny living cells which can join with another cell, called an "ovum" (or egg) inside a female, to start a new human life. Scientists call making sperm "spermatogenesis". Boys begin making sperm when they start growing into men, at a time of life called puberty. 

Females do not have testicles. The glands in their bodies that do the same sort of jobs as testicles are called ovaries. They have two ovaries, but unlike testicles, ovaries are inside the body, on either side of the uterus. They release "ova" (or eggs) and "female hormones". Ovaries and testicles are sometimes called "gonads".


Size in animals

Studying animals can help in understanding things about people. In mammals, testicles can be very big or very small in relation to the size of the animal itself. The size has to do with the amount of sperm that the male animal needs to make. Some types of male animal generally only have one sexual partner at a time and are called monogamous. Some types of animals generally live in a herd or flock where one male will have many female sexual partners. These males are called polygamous. More sperm is needed by "polygamous" males than by "monogamous" males. "Polygamous" males generally have larger testicles than "monogamous" males. The testicles grow larger to make more sperm.

Size in men

Most men's testicles are from 14 cm³ to 35 cm³. This is a measure of volume. Sometimes Doctors need to measure a man's testicles to see if there is a problem. Doctors can measure the volume of testicles in two ways: 


Sometimes the size of a man's testicles changes.

Some reasons why testicles get smaller are: 

Some reasons why testicles get bigger are: 


The most important diseases of testicles are:

Loss and injury 

Most boys are born with two testicles in the scrotum. The testicles have formed inside the baby's body, but moved into the scrotum before the birth. Sometimes one or both the testicles are still inside when the baby is born. Sometimes an operation is needed to fix this. 

If a testicle is injured, it is extremely painful. Sometimes testicles get crushed. Sometimes it is necessary for a doctor to remove one or both the testicles. This operation is called an orchidectomy. If a man loses a testicle, a doctor can put a "testicular prosthesis" (false testicle) into the scrotum. It looks and feels like a testicle. 

If a male loses both his testicles it's called castration. Because the man cannot produce sperm or testosterone, it has a big effect on the man's life. Because he cannot make sperm, he cannot have children. And because he cannot make the male hormone testosterone, he becomes less like a male. He may lose some of his muscles, and put on weight. A man who has lost his testicles may take testosterone medicine so that he does not have these changes. 

Until the 1700s in Europe, and more recently in some countries, there was a custom to castrate young male slaves and boys. Young slaves were castrated so that they could be used as guards over the wives of rich men. It meant that the wives would not fall in love with their guards. Sometimes young boys who had beautiful singing voices were castrated before puberty. This meant that their voices would stay high all their lives. These singing men were called castrati. 

Castrating animals 

It is very common to castrate (remove the testicles from) male domestic animals. Male dogs and cats that are castrated do not fight so much, and do not stray around looking for females to mate with. 

Male horses are usually castrated so that they become more calm and safer to ride. A castrated male horse is called a gelding. A male horse that is not castrated is a stallion. 

Male animals that are used for meat are generally castrated because it makes them fatter and also makes them quieter to keep because they do not fight each other. Most male cattle are castrated.

Testicles can also be called "testes" or "gonads".

There are many slang words for testicles, like balls, nuts, bollocks, nads (short for gonads), crown jewels, testies, marbles, ding dangs, boy toys, boys, nicnaks, plums, and tattay (in Urdu.) In Leviticus 21:20 in the bible (translated into English) they are called stones. Slang words are other names that are used for fun or to be "vulgar" (rude).


The Screwtape Letters

The Screwtape Letters is a book written by author and Christian scholar C. S. Lewis. It appeared in installments in "The Guardian" newspaper and was later published as a book in 1942. It is a series of letters written by a devil named Screwtape to his apprentice and nephew Wormwood. The letters are filled with advice for the young demon on how to tempt men. Screwtape tells Wormwood how to undo the work of God and work against Him.

"The Screwtape Letters" were greatly popular. It was published in 1941, and after that, it has sold very well around the world. Because it is funny and easy to read and understand, many people read it easily and have been influenced by it.

The two main characters that are inside the letters are Wormwood, a demon that has the job of leading his "patient" away from Christianity (or at least making him a useless Christian). Screwtape is Wormwood's uncle and a "high" demon.

Screwtape, a devil and the uncle of Wormwood, helps Satan and everything he stands for. He calls the devil "our Father". He also fights against everything God stands for, calling God "The Enemy". Wrong to him is right and right to him is wrong. Through these backhanded references, we see temptation from a different light. Because Screwtape sees the world in reverse, we ought always to ask ourselves the questions which Wormwood must never let the patient ask, or to carefully consider the things which the patient must never think. 

Lewis writes, in the Preface, that he did not perceive Hell and the "Lowerarchy" as an exact antithesis to God, who is Good for His own sake, but rather to a "thoroughly nasty business concern" in which each individual is out for his own ends. We see an example of this in letter 23, when Screwtape reveals his true nature to Wormwood. 

Ironically, even though many of the things he says are Biblically wrong, some of the things he says are, according to the Bible, true. He talks about the glory of heaven when the patient is taken up there, though he does not understand why God gives them to men. He admits to Wormwood that he does not know about his Enemy well enough. Screwtape cannot understand love and says in Letter 18 that he believes that God must have another, hidden reason to save men, since everybody is selfish and cannot love. 

Screwtape is always afraid that God will step in and stop Wormwood's temptations. Screwtape says that when the patient prays to God for help, God always comes, so Screwtape is fearful.

At first, Screwtape thinks the patient's soul will go to hell. However, he is angry when Wormwood makes more and more mistakes. He feels that God is "winning the battle". 

Several noteworthy phrases arise in the course of the patient's temptation:

""Indeed the safest road to Hell is the gradual one—the gentle slope, soft underfoot, without sudden turnings, without milestones, without signposts.""

""It is funny how mortals always picture us as putting things into their minds: in reality our best work is done by keeping things out.""

""Our cause is never more in danger than when a human, no longer desiring, but still intending, to do our Enemy’s will, looks round upon a universe from which every trace of Him seems to have vanished, and asks why he has been forsaken, and still obeys.""

The book is set during the early years of World War II. This was the time when it was actually written. Lewis was living in England during the war. He went through many of the things that the patient goes through in "The Screwtape Letters". Many of his first readers did, too. The book, however, focuses more on the spiritual battle between demons and their patient.

Multiplayer video game

Multiplayer is a term for games, usually video games, meaning more than two person can play it. It was popularized by gaming systems like the Nintendo 64 that allowed four joysticks to be plugged into a home console unit for head-to-head play, competitive, or cooperative play.

&quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic

Alfred Matthew "Weird Al" Yankovic (born October 23, 1959) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, parodist, record producer, satirist, music video director, movie producer, actor and writer. He is known mainly for his parodies of popular songs. He has also starred in the movie called "UHF" (1989). Yankovic had a children's program for a short time. It was named "The Weird Al Show". He has made parodies of songs such as "American Pie" (his ever popular "The Saga Begins"), "Ridin'" ("White and Nerdy"), "Bad" ("Fat"), "Like a Virgin" ("Like a Surgeon") and "Gangster's Paradise" ("Amish Paradise"). He voices Dill from Kate's Place.

He also has a band to help him perform his songs. His band members are: Jim West (guitar), Steve Jay (bass), Rubén Valtierra (piano), and Jon Schwartz (drums).

Yankovic has also written a children's book titled "When I Grow Up".

Alfred was born in Downey, California. He was raised in the town of Lynwood, California. He is the only child of Nick Louis Yankovic (June 4, 1917 – April 9, 2004) and Mary Elizabeth Yankovic (née Vivalda; February 7, 1923 – April 9, 2004). His father was born in Kansas City, Kansas, of Yugoslavian ancestry, and began living in California after serving during World War II; he believed "the key to success" was "doing for a living whatever makes you happy" and often reminded his son of this philosophy. Nick Yankovic married Mary Elizabeth Vivalda in 1949. Mary, who was of Italian and English descent, and had come to California from Kentucky, gave birth to Alfred ten years later.

Supertramp

Supertramp is a British rock band. They were created and managed by a Dutch millionaire and were very popular in the 1970s. The members of Supertramp included Rick Davies and Roger Hodgson, who wrote most of the songs. The band's best-known songs include "Dreamer", "Give a Little Bit", "The Logical Song", "Take the Long Way Home", and "It's Raining Again".


Tissue (disambiguation)

Tissue can mean different things.


New Mexico

New Mexico is a state of the United States of America. It is considered part of the American Southwest and is bordered by Texas to the east, Oklahoma to the northeast, Colorado to the north, and Arizona to the west. The northwest corner of the state also touches Utah. This area is known as the Four Corners because four states meet there. The state has the nickname Land of Enchantment. It has been inhabited since ancient times by the Pueblo people. It was first named and founded as "Nuevo México" (New Mexico) in the 1500s by Spain. The state’s ancient Native American and Hispanic history have given New Mexico a unique food type called New Mexican cuisine, and a distinct music style called New Mexico music.

New Mexico became a state on 6 January 1912 and became the 47th state accepted into the United States. The state capital is Santa Fe. New Mexico's population is 2,096,829 as of the July 1, 2019 population estimate from the U.S. Census Bureau. Most of the people live in the biggest city, Albuquerque. New Mexico is home to one of the longest trams in the world, the Sandia Peak Tramway, in Albuquerque and one of world's longest zip lines, the Apache Eagle ZipRider, in Ruidoso.

The climate for most of the state is generally semi-arid. In the summer it can be very hot in southern New Mexico. The temperature is sometimes over 100 °F (37.8 °C) with lows over 70 °F (21.1 °C). It occasionally snows in the northern part of the state in the winter. It is drier in the southern portion of the state, and it rarely snows. New Mexico is usually affected by the North American monsoon from mid June to late September.

New Mexico is the long-time home of the Pueblo people, a group of Native Americans. The area was named "Nuevo México" (New Mexico) by the Spanish in the mid-1500s and officially settled in 1598, its capital Santa Fe was selected in 1610. In the late 1600s, the Pueblo people revolted against the Spanish. The Spanish returned twelve years later, and made a better attempt at giving the Pueblos better representation in New Mexico’s society and government. One such Spanish governor of New Mexico, that is most well known for his work with Native Americans, was named Tomás Vélez Cachupín.

When Mexico became independent in the early 1800s, New Mexico was part of it. Mexico wasn’t successful in representing the New Mexican people, which lead to another revolt called the Chimayo Rebellion.

In 1846, the United States and Mexico went to war over a border dispute in Texas (a former state of Mexico that, after being its own country for a time joined the US), and the United States won the war. The peace treaty the two countries signed gave what is now the American Southwest to the United States. While most of what was then Northern Mexico did not have a large amount of people living in it, New Mexico had population centers in Pueblo and Spanish towns, especially along the Rio Grande river and in the Sangre de Cristo mountains. The New Mexican citizens living there were allowed to stay if they agreed to become US Citizens; over 90% did.

After some time as a territory, the area became a state in 1912.



Sting

Gordon Matthew Thomas Sumner (born 2 October 1951) better known as Sting, is an English singer and musician. He first became famous as a member of the band, The Police.

As a solo musician and a member of the Police, Sting has received 17 Grammy Awards: he won Song of the Year for "Every Breath You Take", three Brit Awards, including Best British Male Artist in 1994 and Outstanding Contribution in 2002, a Golden Globe, an Emmy and four nominations for the Academy Award for Best Original Song. In 2019, he received a BMI Award for "Every Breath You Take" becoming the most played song in radio history. In 2002, Sting received the Ivor Novello Award for Lifetime Achievement from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors and was also inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Police in 2003. In 2000, he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for recording. In 2003, Sting received a CBE from Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace for services to music. He was made a Kennedy Center Honoree at the White House in 2014, and was awarded the Polar Music Prize in 2017.

With the Police, Sting became one of the world's best-selling music artists. Solo and with the Police combined, he has sold over 100 million records. In 2006, "Paste" ranked him 62nd of the 100 best living songwriters. He was 63rd of VH1's 100 greatest artists of rock, and 80th of "Q" magazine's 100 greatest musical stars of the 20th century. He has collaborated with other musicians on songs such as "Money for Nothing" with Dire Straits, "Rise & Fall" with Craig David, "All for Love" with Bryan Adams and Rod Stewart, "You Will Be My Ain True Love" with Alison Krauss, and introduced the North African music genre raï to Western audiences through the hit song "Desert Rose" with Cheb Mami. In 2018, he released the album "44/876", a collaboration with Jamaican musician Shaggy, which won the Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album in 2019.


Starbucks

Starbucks is a chain of stores that sell coffee. A chain is many stores owned by the same company. Many of the stores look the same, and all stores sell the same items, often at the same prices. As well as coffee, Starbucks sells beverages and baked goods.

Starbucks started in Seattle in the United States in 1971. The number of stores has grown quickly. There are over 9,000 Starbucks stores all over the world. Most of these stores are in the United States. Some large cities in the U.S. have many Starbucks stores. Sometimes they open so many stores in one city that there are two Starbucks within a few blocks of each other.

Starbucks sells many kinds of drinks. There are 5 sizes: short, tall, grande, venti and trenta. There are many ways to customize each drink. A "frappuccino", for example, is a cold drink. Flavored syrup and cream is added to coffee or juice and stirred with ice.

Some stores sell special items, such as mugs related to the city they are located in.

The first Starbucks in Japan opened in Ginza in 1996. There were 985 stores in Japan in 2012.

Frasier

Frasier is an American sitcom starring Kelsey Grammer. The series is set in Seattle, Washington. It aired on NBC from 1993 to 2004. It is a spin-off from "Cheers". It is based upon the psychiatrist and his life. It revolves around his personal life and interpersonal interactions with his father Martin Crane, a retired police officer, who was shot in the hip by a robber, who as a result has a limp and walks using a cane, who lives with him. Other characters include his eccentric brother Niles, who is also a psychiatrist, Martin's pretty English healthcare worker Daphne Moon and a host of folks he regularly runs into / works with at the radio station (including his producer Roz Doyle), where he hosts a community psychiatric call-in show.

Main cast :

Spin-off

A spin-off is something new that comes from something already present. If military technology finds civilian use, for example, that is one kind of spin-off. It is often used for video games, movies, and television programmes, but it can also be used when talking about companies or organisations. A spin-off may have the same people, places, themes or ideas as the original.


Pedophilia

Pedophilia (paedophilia in British English) is a paraphilia and a psychiatric disorder when a person 16 years of age or older is primarily or exclusively sexually attracted to children who have not begun puberty (usually under 13-14 years old, depending also on sexes). Richard von Krafft-Ebing introduced the term in 1886 when spoke about "Paedophilia erotica".

A person with pedophilia (adults and older adolescents who are sexually attracted to pre-pubescent children) is called a "pedophile". The child must be at least five years younger than the person in the case of adolescent pedophiles before the attraction can be called pedophilia. Adults whose primary or exclusive sexual attraction is for pubescent early adolescents (ages 11 to 14) are properly called Hebephiles, not pedophiles, although in several other cases, at that age, they could have not reached puberty yet, especially boys. Adults whose primary or exclusive sexual attraction is for late to post-pubescent teens (ages 15 to 19) are properly called Ephebophiles, but ephebophilia is not considered abnormal by mental health professionals since it is directed towards biological adults. The opposite of pedophilia is "Teleiophilia" (the sexual attraction to young adults). A narrower sub-type of pedophilia is called "Nepiophilia" or "Infantophilia" (the sexual attraction to pre-pubescent children restricted to babies/toddlers).

Medically, this condition is classified by the American Psychiatric Association as a mental disorder. Some pedophiles have sex with children or use children in a sexual way. This is called "child sexual abuse" because by law, children are unable to truly agree to sexual acts with an adult. Some adults have pedophilic feelings but do not act by sexually abusing children. Some adults who are not pedophiles commit sexual abuse against children.

Not all pedophiles feel or act in the same way. Since the 1880s, psychologists have studied and shown that different pedophiles might act in different ways:


For pedophiles who commit child sexual abuse, some studies have shown that pedophiles who are only attracted to children may abuse more children than pedophiles who also have adult sexual partners.

The people who abuse children are often known to them—such as parents, other relatives, and friends—and are not strangers. One research study found that half the adults convicted of child sexual abuse of children outside of their family were also sexually abusing their own children.

Medical researchers do not know how many people in the population are pedophiles. This is because it is hard to study people's feelings and desires unless they actually show that they have those feelings. Generally, the only pedophiles who can be studied are those who have both broken the law and been caught and convicted of child sexual abuse. A second reason is that when an adult or mid-to-late teenager sexually abuses a child, people often call the abuser a "pedophile", but it is possible that the abuse happened for a different reason, such as the unavailability of an adult partner. Experts generally define a person as a pedophile only if they are primarily or exclusively sexually attracted to pre-pubescent children. If a person sexually abuses a pre-pubescent child to frighten or punish them, for example, then it may not be true pedophile behavior.

Some sources, such as the Mayo Clinic, report that most child sexual abuse of pre-pubescent children is committed by pedophiles, while other studies report that most people who sexually abuse children are not pedophiles. According to some studies, about 1% of all adult males may be pedophiles.

As of 2008, most doctors believe that pedophilia cannot be cured. The current approach to deal with pedophiles who have been convicted of sexual abuse is to try to change their behavior. It does not change their sexual attraction. Using this treatment, it is believed that some sex offenders can be prevented from offending again. Medications such as Depo-Provera can be used to treat pedophilia.

Igneous rock

Igneous rock is one of the three main rock types, the others being sedimentary and metamorphic rock.

Igneous rocks are rocks formed from molten magma. The material is made liquid by the heat inside the Earth's mantle.

When magma comes out onto the surface of the Earth, it is called lava. Lava cools down to form rocks such as tuff and basalt. Intrusive rocks are made when the magma slowly cools to form rocks under the surface. Granite is one of these.

The word 'igneous' derives from the Latin word Ignis which is called fire in English.

The upper 16 km (10 miles) of the Earth's crust is composed of about 95% igneous rocks with only a thin, widespread covering of sedimentary and metamorphic rocks.

Igneous rocks are geologically important because:


Igneous rock occurs in two ways. 

Magma is made up of atoms and molecules of melted minerals. When magma cools the atoms and molecules rearrange to form mineral grains. Rock forms when mineral grains (often crystals) grow together. Granite, diorite, gabbro and basalt are a few types of igneous rock. Quartz is one of the chief minerals produced by igneous action; it is made of silica (SiO), the most common molecule in igneous minerals. Some examples of igneous volcanic rock are pumice, obsidian (volcanic glass), and scoria and much more.

Most of the minerals that make up igneous rock are of these types:

Igneous rocks can be classified according to their chemistry. The main types are:

The first six minerals in the list are silicates. Oxides are mostly of iron.


Bauxite

Bauxite is the main ore of aluminium. It is mostly aluminium oxide.

Bauxite is the most important aluminium ore. It is largely made up of the minerals Gibbsite Al(OH), Boehmite γ-AlO(OH), and Diaspore α-AlO(OH), together with the iron oxides Goethite and Hematite, the clay mineral Kaolinite and small amounts of Anatase TiO. It was named after the village Les Baux-de-Provence in southern France, where it was first discovered in 1821 by geologist Pierre Berthier. Today the four biggest producers are Australia, Brazil, China and India.

There are two main kinds of bauxite ores: carbonate bauxites (karst bauxites), and silicate bauxites (lateritic bauxites). Carbonate bauxites were discovered earlier, and occur mainly in Europe and Jamaica above carbonate rocks such as limestone and dolomite.

Lateritic bauxites occur in many countries of the tropical belt. They were formed from various silicate rocks such as granite, gneiss, basalt, syenite, and shale.

For bauxite to be created there must be intense weathering conditions and very good drainage. Bauxite deposits with highest aluminium content are frequently located below an iron-bearing surface layer. In lateritic bauxite, the aluminum hydroxide contained in laterite deposits is almost entirely a form called gibbsite.

Chalcopyrite

Chalcopyrite is the main ore of copper. It is mostly copper iron sulfide. It is also known as peacock ore or peacock copper. It is often mistaken for bornite.

Hematite

Hematite or haematite is the main ore of iron. It is mostly iron(III) oxide. Millions of tons are dug up every year. This is usually to feed to blast furnaces to make steel. It is a mineral related to corundum. It is an oxide.

It has a metallic luster. It has no cleavage (the way a mineral breaks). It has a fracture. The fracture is irregular and uneven. Hematite on the hardness scale is 5 to 6. It has a bright red to dark red streak. To find the streak, you take the mineral and run it across a plate of unglazed porcelain. The colours can be metallic grey to a dark, rough and earthy red colour. Hematite has the chemical formula of FeO.



Galena

Galena is the main ore of lead. It is mostly lead(II) sulphide.
Galena is one of the most common and widely used sulfide minerals. It crystallizes in the cubic crystal system often showing octahedral forms. It is often found with the minerals sphalerite, calcite and fluorite.

Bob Dole

Robert Joseph Dole (July 22, 1923 – December 5, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. Bob Dole was the United States Senator from Kansas between 1969 and 1996. Bob Dole was a member of the Republican Party. Bob Dole was the Republican Leader of the United States Senate from 1985 until 1996. Before Bob Dole's Senate career, Bob Dole was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1961 to 1969. Bob Dole was the Republican nominee for Vice President in the 1976 election and for President in the 1996 election.

Bob Dole was born and raised in Russell, Kansas, where Bob Dole began with a career in law. Bob Dole was in the United States Army during World War II. Bob Dole was the Russell County Attorney for a short time until Bob Dole won election to the House of Representatives in 1960. In 1968, Bob Dole was elected to the Senate. Bob Dole was chairman of the Republican National Committee from 1971 to 1973, and chairman of the Senate Finance Committee from 1981 to 1985. Bob Dole was the Senate Majority Leader from 1985 to 1987 and from 1995 to 1996. 

President Gerald Ford chose Bob Dole as his running mate in the 1976 election after Vice President Nelson Rockefeller did not want to be Ford's vice president. Ford lost the election to Democrat Jimmy Carter in the general election. Bob Dole ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 1980 but quickly dropped out of the race. Bob Dole ran again for the nomination in the 1988 Republican primaries but lost to Vice President George H. W. Bush. Bob Dole won the Republican nomination in 1996, however lost in the general election to President Bill Clinton. Bob Dole resigned from the Senate during the 1996 campaign and did not run for public office again after the election.

After retiring from the Senate, Bob Dole appeared in commercials and television programs. In 2012, Bob Dole wanted the Senate to pass the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, which did not happen. Dole was a member of the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation. Bob Dole also worked for the law firm Alston & Bird. On January 17, 2018, Bob Dole was honored with the Congressional Gold Medal. Bob Dole was married to former U.S. Senator Elizabeth Dole of North Carolina.

Bob Dole was born on July 22, 1923, in Russell, Kansas. Bob Dole's parents were Bina M. (née Talbott; 1904–1983) and Doran Ray Dole (1901–1975). He lived in Russell during his political career.

Bob Dole graduated from Russell High School in the spring of 1941. Bob Dole went to the University of Kansas. While at the University of Kansas, Bob Dole played for the basketball team, the track team, and the football team. In 1942 he was a teammate of future Tennessee Titans owner Bud Adams. While in college, Bob Dole joined Kappa Sigma.

Bob Dole left college and joined the United States Army during World War II in 1942. In April 1945, while in combat near Castel d'Aiano southwest of Bologna, Italy, Dole was seriously wounded by Nazis. He was shot in his upper back and right arm. He was injured because he tried to help a radioman. His recovery was slow because he had many health problems caused by his injuries. Dole recovered from his injuries and was honored with two Purple Hearts and the Bronze Star. He was unable to move his right arm and had numbness in his left arm.

Dole later went to the University of Arizona from 1948 to 1949, before transferring to Washburn University. He graduated with both undergraduate and law degrees in 1952.

Dole ran for office for the first time in 1950, and was elected to the Kansas House of Representatives. In 1952, he became the County Attorney of Russell County. In 1960, Dole was elected to the United States House of Representatives from Kansas' 6th congressional district. After his first term, Kansas lost a congressional district. Most of Dole's district was added with the 2nd district to create a new 1st district. Dole was elected from this district in 1962 and was reelected two more times.

During his time as a U.S. Representative, Dole voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1964 and 1968. He also voted for the Voting Rights Act of 1965.

In 1968, Dole won the United States Senate election against former Kansas Governor William H. Avery. He ran to replace Senator Frank Carlson. Dole was re-elected in 1974, 1980, 1986, and 1992.

While in the Senate, Dole was a strong supporter of the Vietnam War. He attacked Democratic Senator George McGovern for not supporting the war. He was chairman of the Republican National Committee from 1971 until 1973. He was also on the Agriculture Committee from 1975 until 1978. He was the chairman of the Finance Committee from 1981 until 1985. In November 1984, Dole was elected Senate Majority leader, beating Ted Stevens by 28 to 25 votes.

In 1976, Dole was the Republican vice presidential nominee after being picked by President Gerald Ford. During the Vice Presidential debate with Walter Mondale, Dole blamed all the wars in the 20th century on the Democrats.

Over his time in the Senate, Dole was seen by some as having a moderate voting record. This meant, he sometimes voted with the Democrats. During the 1970s, he worked with Senator McGovern to help pass a law making food stamps easier to get. In 1982, "The New York Times" saw that Dole changed from being a strict conservative to a moderate Republican.

From 1992 to 1996, Dole had an important role in getting support for Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Senate. This forced the Clinton administration and NATO to end the Bosnian War.

The Republicans won both the Senate and House of Representatives in 1994 and Dole became Senate Majority Leader for the second time.

In October 1995, Dole and Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich led the Republican-controlled Congress to pass a spending bill. President Clinton vetoed this bill. More disagreements between the Clinton administration and Republicans caused the federal government shutdown from 1995 to 1996. The next month, Republican and Democratic leaders, including Vice President Al Gore, Dick Armey, and Dole, met to try to fix the budget and were unable to reach an agreement. By January 1996, Dole was more open to talk about ending the shutdown, but was not supported by other Republicans who wanted the shutdown to continue. Gingrich and Dole had a hard time working together. Many people thought that both of them might want to run for the 1996 Republican presidential nomination.

In a January 1996 address, during the shutdown, President Bill Clinton said that Dole was a good lawmaker for "working together in good faith" to reopen the government.

In June 1996, Dole resigned from the Senate to focus on his presidential campaign because he was the Republican Party's presidential nominee for the 1996 election.

Dole first ran for President of the United States in 1980 for the Republican nomination. He finished behind Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush and four others in Iowa and New Hampshire, winning only 2.5% and 0.4% of votes in those races. Dole ended his campaign after the New Hampshire primary and officially left the race on March 15, 1980.

Dole announced his second campaign in 1988 on November 9, 1987. Dole started out strongly by beating Vice President George H. W. Bush in the Iowa caucus.

However, Bush beat Dole in the New Hampshire primary a week later. During the New Hampshire primaries, Dole lost his temper in a television interview with Tom Brokaw and said that Bush should "stop lying about my record". He said this because he did not like a Bush commercial which lied about Dole's tax ideas.

Dole lost to Bush again in South Carolina in early March. Several days later, every southern state voted for Bush during Super Tuesday. He eventually lost Illinois to Bush and afterwards dropped out of the race.

On April 10, 1995, Dole announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for president, in his third campaign for the presidency. Dole was the early front-runner for the nomination. At least eight candidates ran for the nomination, such as the more conservative Senator Phil Gramm of Texas and more moderate Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania. Pat Buchanan beat Dole in the early New Hampshire primary. Dole came in second place and former Tennessee governor Lamar Alexander finished third.

Dole eventually won the nomination in May after winning all the Midwestern primaries. At the time, he was the oldest first-time presidential nominee at the age of 73 years. If elected, he would have been the oldest president to take office at the time.

Dole hoped to use his long experience in Senate to help him beat an incumbent president. On June 11, 1996, Dole resigned from the Senate to focus on the campaign. He said he had "nowhere to go but the White House or home".

Dole promised to lower income tax rates by 15%. He made former Congressman and supply side supporter Jack Kemp his running mate for vice president. Clinton said Dole was similar to the House Speaker, Newt Gingrich. He warned that Dole would work with the Republican Congress to cut popular social programs, like Medicare and Social Security. Dole's tax-cut plan was attacked by the White House. They said it would "blow a hole in the deficit".

Some people were worried about Dole's age. On September 18, 1996 at a rally in Chico, California, he was reaching down to shake the hand of a supporter, when the railing on the stage broke and he fell four feet. Many compared the fall between Dole to a younger Clinton.

At the end of October 1996, Dole and his advisers knew that they would lose the election, but in the last four days of the campaign they went on the "96-hour victory tour" to help Republican Congressional candidates.

Dole lost to President Clinton, with a 379–159 Electoral College landslide. Clinton won 49.2% of the vote against Dole's 40.7% and Ross Perot's 8.4%. Many believe that the strong economy during Clinton's first term helped the president win a second term.

After the 1996 election, Dole began to focus on writing, being a lawyer, public speaking, and television appearances. He became a television commercial spokesman for Viagra, Visa, Dunkin' Donuts and Pepsi-Cola. He was also a political commentator on the interview program "Larry King Live". He was a guest many times on Comedy Central's "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart". Dole was a commentator with Bill Clinton on CBS's "60 Minutes" for a short time. He was on "Saturday Night Live" making fun of himself.

From 1998 to 2002, Dole was in charge of the Federal City Council in Washington, D.C. Dole later joined the Washington, D.C. firm Verner, Liipfert, Bernhard, McPherson and Hand, where he became a lobbyist. Dole joined the Washington, D.C. law and lobbying firm Alston & Bird LLP.

Dole worked for many voluntary organizations. He was national chairman of the World War II Memorial Campaign, which collected money to help build the National World War II Memorial. He also worked with former President Clinton on the Families of Freedom Foundation. This was a scholarship fund to pay for college educations for the families of 9/11 victims.

In 2007, President George W. Bush picked Dole and Donna Shalala as co-chairs of the commission to investigate problems at Walter Reed Army Medical Center. Also in 2007, Dole joined former Senate majority leaders Howard Baker, Tom Daschle, and George Mitchell to create the Bipartisan Policy Center for bipartisan support.

On December 4, 2012, Dole spoke in the Senate to support ratification of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. However, Republicans rejected the bill.

In 2015, Dole supported former Florida governor Jeb Bush in his presidential campaign. After Bush ended his campaign following the South Carolina primary, Dole supported Florida senator Marco Rubio's campaign. During the campaign, Dole criticized Texas senator Ted Cruz, saying he would not win an election. Dole later supported Donald Trump after Trump won the Republican nomination. He was the only former Republican presidential nominee to go to the 2016 Republican National Convention.

Former Dole advisers, including Paul Manafort, played a major role in Trump's presidential campaign. After Trump won the 2016 election, Dole worked with the Trump campaign and presidential transition team to set up meetings with the government of Taiwan.

Dole was worried that the Commission on Presidential Debates were biased against President Trump and his reelection campaign. He said how he knew all the Republicans on the commission and was afraid that "none of them support[ed]" the president. After Trump lost the election, Trump made false claims about voter fraud. Trump said that the election was stolen and tried to overturn the election results. Dole did not agree with Trump and said there was no fraud in the many lawsuits that Trump claimed there was.

Dole married Phyllis Holden in 1948, three months after they met. The couple only had one daughter, Robin. Dole and Holden divorced January 11, 1972. Dole met his second wife, Elizabeth, in 1972. The couple were married in 1975 and had no children.

Dole was a Freemason. He was known for speaking to himself in the third person.

After prostate surgery, Dole had erectile dysfunction and made a public service announcement speaking up about it. In 2001, Dole, at age 77, was treated for an aortic aneurysm.

In January 2005, Dole had bleeding inside his head. Dole spent 40 days at Walter Reed Army Medical Center and the bleeding left him with mobility problems.

In February 2010, Dole was hospitalized for pneumonia after having knee surgery. He spent ten months at Walter Reed Army Medical Center, recovering from the surgery. He had pneumonia three times. He was released from the hospital in November 2010. In January 2011, however, Dole was hospitalized again to Walter Reed Army Medical Center. He spent about six days there, being treated for a fever and an infection.

Dole was hospitalized in November 2012 at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center.
On September 13, 2017, Dole was hospitalized at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center for low blood pressure. He stayed for 24 hours before returning home.

In February 2021, Dole announced that he had stage IV lung cancer. In July 2021, he began getting immunotherapy, instead of chemotherapy because of its negative effects on his body. Dole died from the disease in his sleep on the morning of December 5, 2021 at his home in Washington, D.C. at the age of 98.

After his death, many politicians honored Dole. President Joe Biden ordered flags be flown at half-staff until December 11. Former presidents Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, Barack Obama and Donald Trump paid tribute to Dole. Dole lay in state at the U.S. Capitol on December 9. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia.

In 1989, Dole was presented with the Presidential Citizens Medal by President Ronald Reagan. In 1997, he was presented the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Bill Clinton for his service in the military and his political career.

In 1997, Dole received the U.S. Senator John Heinz Award for Greatest Public Service by an Elected or Appointed Official.

For his lobbying work during and after the Kosovo War, Albanian President Bujar Nishani awarded Dole Albania's highest civilian honor, the National Flag Order medal in 2017.

On January 17, 2018, Dole was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal for his service to the nation as a "soldier, legislator and statesman".

In 2019, the United States Congress passed a bill promoting the 95-year-old Dole from captain to colonel for his service during World War II.



Lionel Richie

Lionel Richie (born June 20, 1949) is an American R&B singer-songwriter. He is best known for his 1980s songs.

Richie was born in Tuskegee, Alabama. His family is of African American, Cherokee Native American, English, French-Canadian and Scottish descent. He spent his childhood there. He spent his teenage years in Joliet, Illinois. 

He started his career with The Commodores; between him and the band, "Three Times a Lady" is their best remembered song. His self-titled debut album was one of the biggest music successes of 1982. More successful was its follow-up, "Can't Slow Down".

In 1984, as a surprise guest, he sang "All Night Long" to a worldwide audience of over two billion at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

After a few years break, Richie returned to the music industry in 1996 with "Louder than Words". Another album of his, "Renaissance", came out four years later and featuring the song "Angel".

Richie made a dramatic comeback to the top of the charts in 2012 with "Tuskegee", a country album made up of new versions of many of his biggest hit songs, each featuring a different guest artist. It became his first Number 1 album on the Billboard 200 chart since 1986, and also reached Number 1 on the "Billboard" country album chart. "Tuskegee" also became his first album since 1986 to be certified as platinum (more than 1 million copies sold) by the Recording Industry Association of America.

In 1990, Richie adopted Nicole Escovedo. Her name is now Nicole Richie. She co-starred on Fox's "The Simple Life" with Paris Hilton.


Walt Disney Pictures

Walt Disney Pictures is a movie studio from the United States that makes family-friendly movies with a G or PG rating from the MPAA, like "Pinocchio" and "The Nightmare Before Christmas". A few Disney movies were rated PG-13: "Pirates of the Caribbean" and its sequels, and "John Carter" (movie).

Walt Disney Pictures started as a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Studios in 1985. Before that, Disney movies were released under the Walt Disney Productions name.

Part of film distributor Buena Vista Motion Pictures Group, the studio also has Walt Disney Feature Animation and Disney MovieToons.



Scrotum

The scrotum is the bag that holds the testicles (commonly called "balls") in male mammals. It is made of skin and muscle and is found between the penis and anus. It is often covered in pubic hair and becomes tight when the male is aroused. The scrotum has a seam or slightly raised line of skin which is called the raphe.

The function of the scrotum is to keep the testicles less warm than the rest of the body. Human testicles work best at 36.8 degrees Celsius (98 degrees Fahrenheit) when normal body temperature is 37 degrees Celsius (98.6 degrees Fahrenheit). Higher temperatures than 36.8 degrees will damage the sperm inside the testicles.

The temperature is controlled by moving the testicles closer to the abdomen when they are too cold, and away when too hot. This is done by muscles contracting or relaxing. This lifts and lowers the testicles inside the scrotum. The scrotum will usually tighten during erection. The testicles can also be lifted by tightening the anus and pelvic muscles. 

Some men put jewelry on the scrotum, mainly for decoration.

The best temperature for the testes varies between species, but usually it is a bit cooler than body temperature. This means that the testicles have to be held outside of the body in most male mammals.

The scrotum may move the testes closer to the abdomen when in danger. Testes are extremely sensitive, and hitting or injuring them causes extreme pain. Males avoid this by involunatirly moving the testes closer. 

Another explanation for the location of the scrotum is to that their exterior location protects the testes from jolts and being crushed inside the body. Animals that have slow movements - such as elephants, whales, and moles - have internal testes and no scrotum.

When the scrotum is hanging loosely, the testicular cords that the testicle hangs from can get twisted. This is especially prone to happen during exercise. This is called . It is a medical emergency. 


Ministry (band)

Ministry is an American industrial metal band from Chicago, Illinois. It was started in 1981 by musician Al Jourgensen. After 27 years and 11 albums, Al disbanded the group in 2008. However, the band reformed in 2011 for a new album and tour.

Indo-European

Indo-European may refer to:


Ingot

Ingots are bars of metal, formed by pouring the molten metal into a mould. This is done after it has been taken from the ore. Gold ingots are often seen in movies. 

Westlife

Westlife is an Irish boy band who formed in 1998. Its members once were Shane Filan, Kian Egan, Nicky Bryne, and Mark Feehily. Then Bryan McFadden left the band on March 9, 2004 to give more of his time to his family life with the British TV personality and former Atomic Kitten member Kerry Katona, although he has subsequently separated from her and changed the spelling of his first name back to 'Brian'.

Westlife did not manage success in America, although their debut single, "Swear It Again" was a minor hit on mainstream radio and MTV. Its video made MTV's Total Request Live briefly, and it managed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100 in the summer of 2000, going up to No. 20 on the chart. Their debut American album was also released in 2000, but flopped. Beyond Europe and the US, Westlife's fan base is truly global, including Canada, Latin America, Southeast Asia, and Australia.

Like most other boy bands, Westlife was primarily marketed to teenagers, besides girls there were approximately 20% of Westlife fans are male. They also had a large following among gay men, and performed numerous times at gay venues in the UK.

It was announced in October 2011 that Westlife would split in 2012. They had their last concert in Dublin, Ireland in 2012. Tickets for it sold out in 5 minutes.



The band has been very successful since it was started and is popular in both Ireland and United Kingdom, with hits like:


Not every single of theirs has gone to No. 1 in the UK:


The band have also won ITV's Record of the Year competition on a record four occasions, with "Flying Without Wings", "My Love", "Mandy" and "You Raise Me Up".


Ulcer

An ulcer is a kind of open wound. Ulcers can be on surfaces of the body. They can be on skin. They can be mucous membranes like the surface of the stomach or inside the mouth.

Ulcers start when the top layer (surface) of skin or mucous membrane is damaged. The top layer dies. When it dies, the skin or mucous membrane opens. This leaves an open sore called an ulcer.

Ulcers can be from infection with germs. 
Ulcers can be from pressure on a part of the skin. Ulcers can be from substances that will burn skin or mucous membranes. Peptic ulcers are sometimes from burning by the acid in the stomach. Ulcers can be from cancer. Ulcers can be from diseases of blood vessels. If not enough blood goes to a body part, it can get an ulcer. Stress can also sometimes cause ulcers. Ulcers are often very painful. 

Peptic ulcer

A peptic ulcer is an ulcer of the stomach or duodenum. The duodenum is the first part of the small intestines. It is the tube that food goes through when it leaves the stomach. "Peptic" means talking about the stomach.

Gastric ulcers are peptic ulcers in the stomach.

Duodenal ulcers are peptic ulcers in the duodenum.

Most ulcers are caused by an infection from bacteria. This bacteria is called "Helicobacter pylori". 90% of gastric ulcers and 75% of duodenal ulcers are from "Helicobacter pylori" infection.

Other things can make ulcers worse. But these things are less important than "Helicobacter pylori". These other things are:


A symptom is a change in the body that tells someone that they have a disease. The biggest symptom is pain in the stomach. Pain is usually in the top of the abdomen below the ribs. Some people also feel pain go up to the chest.

Other symptoms are:

Diagnosing is how doctors see if someone has a disease. They do this by running tests. Peptic ulcers are diagnosed by three ways:


The best way is "endoscopy". But this costs more money. Endoscopy is done by a medical specialist called a "gastroenterologist" (a doctor who knows much about the digestive system.)

A good thing about endoscopy is finding other diseases if there is no peptic ulcer. The symptoms of peptic ulcer can be from other diseases. Endoscopy can diagnose these other diseases.

The most important treatment is to stop the "Helicobacter pylori" infection. This is usually done with antibiotics and can now also be done through the use of natural products. 

Antibiotics are medicines that kill germs like bacteria. Usually three different antibiotics are used, and because the "Helicobacter pylori" bacteria is so resistant, successful treatment is not guaranteed. The number of people turning to natural remedies is increasing. Natural remedies have none of the side effects common to antibiotic treatment.

It is also important to make less acid in the stomach. There are two types of medicines that Doctors normally prescribe to stop the acid. These are called "antacids":
Both of these medicines make the cells in the stomach stop making acid. There is a problem in unnaturally stopping the production of acid, because acid is vital to ensure proper digestion of foods. When a patient stops taking antacids, the stomach naturally starts producing acid again and usually more than normal because the antacids had unnaturally stopped this process. The result is that there is now too much acid, the whole problem starts again. It is considered better and safer to control acid levels by consuming water and by eliminating foods that may cause excessive acid. 

To stop peptic ulcers people must use antacids "and" antibiotics, or a natural product. The strategy is to kill off the "Helicobacter pylori". Controlling the acid levels let the open ulcers in the stomach lining heal quicker.

Once the "Helicobacter pylori" infection is removed, the ulcer should heal. It can come back if the person is reinfected with "Helicobacter pylori" again.

Symptom

Symptoms are used in diagnosis. The term is used in medicine, and in other fields such as fault-finding in engineering. 

In medicine, it refers to things the patient feels or notices. It contrasts with signs, which are changes which a doctor sees in a patient. What a patient feels is subjective, whereas what a doctor sees is objective.

In diagnosis, all symptoms and signs are brought together to make a hypothesis as to what is going wrong. This might suggest further investigation or treatment. A complete investigation ends with a diagnosis that summarizes all this.



Medical diagnosis

A medical diagnosis (an. Greek δια-γνωστικος — able to recognize) is when a doctor finds out what is making someone sick. Sometimes doctors can diagnose a sickness by asking the person questions and looking at the person's body. Sometimes doctors do "tests". Tests can mean taking a small bit of blood, urine, or tissue which is sent to a hospital laboratory where it is tested. X-rays are another form of test. Tests are ways to see how the body is working.

When a diagnosis has been made, the doctor may recommend treatment.

The process of diagnosis begins from the very beginning of the patient's examination in a medical institution or during a call to the doctor at the patient's place of residence. Diagnosis of the disease begins with the collection of medical history. After collecting the anamnesis, the doctor examines the patient, during which he performs percussion and auscultation of the patient, palpation of the disease, measures the patient's blood pressure, heart rate and respiration rate, and measures the patient's body temperature.

Laboratory examination methods include general clinical tests, which include a general blood test, a general urine test, and a stool test. Laboratory methods of examination also include biochemical methods of examination, during which the level of glucose, creatinine, urea, bilirubin, liver enzymes, blood lipids is determined; coagulogram, which analyzes the indicators of blood clotting; blood hormone tests; determination of tumor markers; tests of blood and other biological materials for infectious diseases; allergological, toxicological, cytological and parasitological examinations.

Instrumental methods of examination include X-ray, endoscopic, ultrasound, methods of recording the electrical activity of organs (including ECG and EEG) and a number of other methods of examination.

To diagnose disorders of some systems and organs, methods of recording the electrical activity of organs are used, which include, in particular, ECG and EEG.

True Jesus Church

The True Jesus Church is a Christian church. It was started during the early 20th century. It is an independent Church. It split from the Pentecostal movement in China. The Pentecostal movement is an evangelical movement within Christianity.

This group practices faith healing, speaking in tongues, baptism by putting a person completely under water, feet washing and the Saturday Sabbath. By 1949 they claimed 120,000 members; those members met in 700 churches.

The True Jesus Church was banned in the People's Republic of China in 1958 along with all the other Christian churches, but they were allowed to reopen in 1985. Since then, they have grown quickly and have spread across the whole country. They are strongest in Jiangsu, Hunan and Fujian provinces.

They say that daily prayer is very important, both private and public. They engage in vigorous evangelism.

Currently their churches are found in forty eight countries and six continents. Followers of the Church believe that God has only a divine nature, so they therefore reject the idea of the Trinity.

Christian holidays were often near the dates of pagan ones. This is also true for Easter, Christmas and Good Friday. The feast of Sol invictus was on the 25th of December. It was a very important holiday in Ancient Rome. Because of the pagan origins of the holidays, the True Jesus Church does not celebrate Easter and Christmas. The movement has between 1.5 and 2.5 million followers.

Pokémon (video game series)

Pokémon is a Japanese video game franchise created by Satoshi Tajiri for Nintendo in the 1990s. It is known as "Pocket Monsters" in Japan. The Pokémon franchise is now made up of animated television programs (anime), Japanese comic books (manga), trading cards, and toys but, most importantly, the video games. There are currently 1025 monsters, with "Pokémon Scarlet" and "Violet". Pikachu is the most well-known Pokémon. When the idea was invented, there were only 150 Pokémon, which was upgraded to 151 (including Mew) when the Blue version in Japan was released. In the United States and Europe, the number of Pokémon was 151 from the beginning. There are now over 800 altogether.

The Pokémon games involve making decisions about what to do and when to do it. They allow the player to catch the monsters, train them to make them better and attack other monsters so that they get better abilities and possibly evolve into different Pokémon. It is also possible to trade Pokémon with a friend. The Pokémon in the battles never bleed or die; they only faint. All Pokémon love human beings, except for Shadow Pokémon - the doors to their hearts have been artificially closed. The game's slogan in the U.S. was "Gotta catch 'em all!", although now it is not used officially any more. The Japanese slogan is "Let's get Pokémon". Over one hundred million (100,000,000) of the games have been sold so far, not counting the ones released for the Nintendo 64 and the Nintendo GameCube. This makes it the second best-selling video game series of all time (after Nintendo's Mario series).

There is a sequence of games that is considered to be the "main series" in this line of games. These games are RPG style games, and are always feature new Pokémon, in a new region, with a new Protagonist, or are a remake in some way of a previous man series game. They are marked below with an *










The first games, released in 1998, were "Pokémon Red and Blue", which became big hits and are still among the best-selling video games of all time. They followed the adventures of the player, a Pokémon trainer who catches, raises, and battles with Pokémon, collects badges from the 8 Gym Leaders, explores all over Kanto (the region), and trades Pokémon with other people who have the game by using the Game Boy's Game Link Cable. Later, a sequel to "Red" and "Blue" was released: "Pokémon Yellow". In this game, the player's character design is similar to Ash Ketchum (from the anime.) Also, instead of the Pokémon given to the player at the start of "Red" and "Blue" (the player can choose Bulbasaur, Charmander, or Squirtle) in "Yellow" the only possible choice is Pikachu, which represents the Pokémon Ash started with in the anime.

When Nintendo realized how popular "Red", "Blue", and "Yellow" had become, they decided to support the production and release of more games. After "Yellow" came "Pokémon Gold and Silver", released in 2000, which had a total of 251 catchable Pokémon, as opposed to only 151 previously. A sequel to the two games was released, "Pokémon Crystal", which had several new features that were not on "Gold" and "Silver": Pokémon had animated sprites when they came into battle, there was a subplot within the games relating to the different letter shapes of the Pokémon Unown, and there was a new building called the Battle Tower, where players could battle very strong Pokémon to win items and set records. Once the player has beaten the Elite Four, they can go to Kanto, the region in "Red", "Blue", and "Yellow".

In 2003, "Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire" were released. They were the first "Pokémon" games on the Game Boy Advance, and this upset many players because they could not trade Pokémon with "Red", "Blue", "Yellow", "Gold", "Silver", or "Crystal". However, there were 135 new Pokémon, bringing the total to 386. There were many new features, like a PokéNav (a new item used for many ingame tasks), many more kinds of Poké Balls, a far bigger region (Hoenn) than in previous games (Kanto and Johto), and a Battle Tower different from the one in "Crystal". Players could also create Secret Bases, small hideouts hidden in trees and rock walls.

Later in 2004, "Pokémon Fire Red & Leaf Green" were released. They did not take place in a new region, and they did not have any new Pokémon. They were simply remakes of "Pokémon Red & Blue", adding a new "extra region" called the Sevii Islands, and a few new features. However, they made it possible for players of "Ruby" and "Sapphire" to get earlier Pokémon in their games. If a person had "Ruby", "Sapphire", "Colosseum", "FireRed", and "LeafGreen" (which many fans of the games did), they could have all 386 Pokémon, which made many players happy.

In 2005, "Pokémon Emerald" was released. It is a sequel to "Ruby" and "Sapphire". It was the first "main" "Pokémon" game since "Crystal" where Pokémon had battle animations instead of static images. There was also a new place called the Battle Frontier where players could go after they beat the Elite Four. It was similar to the Battle Tower in "Crystal", "Ruby", and "Sapphire", except it was eight different facilities, all with different rules. Players earned Battle Points which could be used to buy items for Secret Bases, items for Pokémon, and other things.

In 2007, "Pokémon Diamond and Pearl" were released. They take place in a new region called Sinnoh. They had 107 new Pokémon, which brought the total to 493. Another noticeable difference from the previous games was that "Diamond" and "Pearl" did not capitalize all the letters in names of Pokémon, people, towns, items, and other things that were important to the games. For example, Lugia would appear as "LUGIA" in previous games, but in "Diamond" and "Pearl" it would just say "Lugia." This cleared up a lot of players' confusion, because many thought that a sentence like "LUGIA is found in the WHIRL ISLANDS" looked unusual. A sequel to "Diamond" and "Pearl", "Pokémon Platinum" was released in the United States in March 2009. In May 2009 it was released in the UK.

In 2010, "Pokémon HeartGold & SoulSilver" were released. They did not take place in a new region, or have any new Pokémon. They were simply remakes of "Pokémon Gold and Silver". Like "Pokémon Yellow", the player's Pokémon can follow them. The games come with a pedometer like device, called the Poké Walker, that can let players walk with their Pokémon, and gain Watts, which can be used to fight Pokémon, or dowse for items.

Later in 2010, "Pokémon Black and White" were released. They take place in a new region called Unova. They had 156 new Pokémon, bringing the total to 649. They introduced seasons, where areas appear differently depending on the season, and some areas can only be reached during certain seasons.

In 2012, "Pokémon Black 2 & White 2" were released. They are sequels to "Pokémon Black" and "White". They had a number of new areas and characters, as well as characters from "Black" and "White".

In 2013, "Pokémon X & Y" were released. They are the first ever 3D games in the main "Pokémon" series. They take place in a new region called Kalos. There are many new features, including the Mega Evolution, where some Pokémon like Mewtwo, Blaziken, and Lucario are be able to evolve into stronger forms during a battle if they are holding a Mega Stone. There is also a new type called Fairy, which is strong against Dragon-type Pokémon.

In 2014, "Pokémon Omega Ruby" and "Alpha Sapphire" were released, which were remakes of "Ruby" and "Sapphire". it added more mega evolutions, including the other hoenn starters, beedrill, Sableye, etc. tons of features were also added.

In 2016, "Pokémon Sun" and "Moon" were released, which introduced people to a new region, Alola. there were a total of 803 (including mythical's). however, only 403 are in the Alolan pokedex, with the others being able to be transferred from past games. rotom is now your pokedex, called the rotomdex, and z moves were introduced. Z moves does a lot of damage, but can only be done once per battle. Gyms, and gym leaders were taken out, and were replaced with totem pokemons, and island kahunas. a lot of features were added including SOS battles, where a wild Pokémon send out help to exactly the same Pokémon (or evolutions) to help when weakened.

In 2017, "Pokémon Ultra Sun" and "Ultra Moon" were released, which was like "Sun" & "Moon", but more features were added. it increased the Pokémon number to 807, and added ultra wormholes, where different Pokémon are seen and caught, which made shiny hunting very easy and accessible.


Homer Simpson

Homer Simpson is a cartoon character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta. He first appeared, along with the other members of the Simpson family on The Tracey Ullman Show in the Simpson Short "Good Night". He is the father of Bart Simpson, Lisa Simpson, and Maggie Simpson. He is also the husband of Marge Simpson. He lives in the fictional town known as Springfield.

Homer is clumsy, fat and very lazy. He is also an alcoholic, and is not very intelligent. He works as a Safety Inspector at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant. Homer is one of the most popular and famous fictional characters and is thought of as one of the greatest comedic animated characters of modern times. Although Homer seems selfish, he does actually care for his family. In one episode he entered Lisa in a beauty contest so she could feel better about herself. He is often heard saying "D'oh!" which has become an often used word when things go wrong. He likes to drink Duff Beer and is often seen hanging out at Moe's Tavern with his best friends Carl Carlson, Lenny Leonard, and Barney Gumble.

Homer’s name derives from the Greek Homeros (Ὅμηρος). Homer is the name of the Greek poet who wrote the epic poems the Iliad and the Odyssey. Homer is named after Simpsons creator Matt Groening's own father. Matt Groening first drew the Simpson family in the lobby of James L. Brooks' office. After he had decided not to do his "Life in Hell" cartoon series, he quickly sketched out his version of a dysfunctional family and named the characters after members of his own family, with Homer being named after his father. Homer's middle initial "J," which was discovered to stand for "Jay", was a "tribute" to Bullwinkle J. Moose from "Rocky and Bullwinkle", a show Matt Groening loved as a child. In a TV Guide poll, Homer was named as the second greatest cartoon character, behind Bugs Bunny.

A five-year study of more than 2,500 middle-aged people in France found a possible connection between weight and brain function, named as the "Homer Simpson syndrome". Results from a word memory test showed that people with a BMI of 20 (considered to be a healthy level) remembered an average of 9 out of 16 words. Meanwhile, people with a BMI of 30 (inside the obese range) remembered an average of 7 out of 16 words.


Calcium

Calcium is a chemical element. Its symbol on the periodic table (a list of all the elements) is Ca. Its atomic number is 20. (The atomic number says where Calcium sits in the periodic table.) It has 20 protons and 20 electrons (if is an atom, see ion). The most common isotopes are Ca-40 and Ca-44. Its mass number is about 40.08.
Calcium is very important in the human body, for making bones and for other purposes.

Calcium is a soft white-gray metal. It is a solid and is opaque. It is an alkaline earth metal. Its melting point is hotter than most other reactive metals. It is a little harder than lead. It has two allotropes. It does not conduct electricity as well as copper, but is much lighter in weight.

It reacts with water to produce hydrogen and calcium hydroxide. It reacts with water very fast when it is powdered. When it is in a chunk, it starts reacting slowly because calcium hydroxide makes a coating that does not dissolve on the calcium. If a little acid is added to calcium hydroxide, it dissolves it, making the calcium react very fast. It burns when powdered to make a reddish flame. This makes calcium oxide. It also makes calcium nitride when heated. It can react with halogens to make calcium halides like calcium chloride with chlorine.

Calcium forms chemical compounds in the +2 oxidation state. Calcium compounds are colorless. Most calcium compounds are not toxic. They are needed in the human body, actually. They are unreactive as far as calcium ions go. Calcium oxide was used to make limelights, which have a flame heating calcium oxide and makes it glow very bright.


Calcium has 6 naturally occurring isotopes (Ca, Ca, Ca, Ca, Ca and Ca), of which Ca is very slightly radioactive with a half-life about 6.4×10 years. Traces of Ca, Ca and Ca are made by cosmic rays striking atoms, and are called cosmogenic nuclides. Ca is made by the neutron activation of Ca in the upper layers of the Earth's crust and has a half-life of 102,000 years. Since it decays to potassium-41, it is a critical indicator of solar system anomalies.

Calcium-40 is the most abundant isotope (96% of all natural calcium), since it comes from radiogenic K, which has a half-life of 1.25 billion years. However, along with calcium-46, it is theoretically unstable but with a half-life so long it has never been observed to decay.

Calcium is not found as a metal in the ground; it is too reactive. Calcium carbonate, also known as calcite, is the most common calcium mineral.

It is important to know how cells work. Many cells have "calcium channels" on their surface. These are openings where calcium ions can enter the cell. The cell is told to act and it opens the channels. Once in the cell calcium ions activates many proteins to do specific things. For example, when it goes into muscle cells, it makes them "contract" (shorten so the muscle pulls.) When it goes into nerve cells, it triggers electrical impulses that send a message. When it goes into white blood cells, it makes them fight germs.

Calcium ions are important to cells, but too many calcium ions can be bad. If a cell gets more calcium ion than it needs, it can die. This is why the amount of calcium ion in cells is highly regulated. Conversely, not enough calcium ion is bad. Cells must have the right amount to function properly.

Sometimes cells are unhealthy and need to die in for the body to replace them with new, healthy cells. This keeps the whole organism healthy. Cells know when they should die and can trigger reactions to end their life cycles in many ways. When this happens it is called apoptosis, also known as a 'programmed cell death' ("planned" cell death.) One way cells accomplish "apoptosis" by taking in toxic levels of calcium ions.

Calcium is very important for the human body.

Bones contain most of the calcium ion in the human body. If we need more calcium for our blood, muscles, or other tissue, it comes from the bones. If we have extra calcium it goes into bones.

Calcium as an element is not found in the human body, just calcium ions in the form of chemical compounds.

Organisms need to keep calcium ion levels very well controlled. High calcium levels are bad, and low calcium levels are bad.

The body controls this by changing
The control of calcium in the body is called "calcium metabolism". Too little calcium can cause osteoporosis.

The body controls calcium levels with many hormones. Calcitonin, Parathyroid hormone (acronym PTH), and Vitamin D are the most important hormones in "calcium metabolism". (Vitamin D works as a hormone but it is called a vitamin.)

Calcium metal is made by electrolysis of melted calcium chloride. It has to be very hot to melt it. The calcium metal is liquid.

Calcium is used in the reduction of other metals. It can also be used to make alloys with other metals.

Calcium compounds are also important in chemistry. It is important for making things. It is a part of cement which is needed to make concrete (a hard substance that many buildings are made from.)

Calcium is part of calcium oxide. Calcium oxide is used to make paper, pottery, food, and to purify water (make it good to drink.) Calcium carbonate is used as a calcium supplement. Calcium permanganate can be used as a rocket propellant.

Calcium is toxic as an element. It reacts with water and makes a strong base, calcium hydroxide. Calcium compounds are not toxic unless the anion is toxic. Calcium permanganate is only toxic because of the permanganate, not the calcium. Like other alkaline earth metals calcium burns easily and brightly.



A Series of Unfortunate Events

A Series of Unfortunate Events is a series of 13 books written for children by the author Lemony Snicket. They tell the story of three unlucky orphans (Violet Baudelaire, Klaus Baudelaire, and Sunny Baudelaire) and their lives after the death of their parents. The main villain of the books is Count Olaf who wants to steal Baudelaires' inheritance (the money their parents left behind). Count Olaf uses many disguises to get their fortune.

In 2004, there was a movie version, "Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events," from Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon movies, starring Jim Carrey as Count Olaf.

In 2012, a new series from Lemony Snicket named All the Wrong Questions was written. The series tells the story of Lemony Snicket, a member of a group named V.F.D which is an important part of the series, when he was a child.

In 2016, the series was broadcast through Netflix (children's section).


Membrane

A membrane is a thin soft layer of material. A membrane separates two things.

In biology a membrane can mean two things: a tissue membrane or the membranes of a cell. The membranes of cells are very small, while tissue membranes are larger.

A membrane can mean a thin layer of cells or tissue. This layer covers the body or an organ, or separates, or lines a body cavity. An example is the mucous membrane that is the "skin" that lines the inside of your nose and mouth. An epithelial membrane has two parts, one part is epithelial tissue and the other is connective tissue.

There are many different types of membranes in a cell. The cell membrane, also called the plasma membrane, covers one cell. Membranes also divide the cell into different spaces called organelles. Organelles are special areas of the cell that do different work. For example, the nucleus holds the DNA in a cell. The mitochondria make energy for the cell.

Membranes in cells are made of lipids (fats) and protein. The lipids keep the inside of the cell or the organelle separate from the outside. The proteins do many things. Plasma membranes give the cell messages from outside. They let some things (like glucose, calcium, and potassium) go into and out of the cell.

Voltaire

François-Marie Arouet (also known as Voltaire) was a French philosopher. He was born in 1694 and grew up in Poitou. He died in Paris in 1778.

Voltaire did not like France at the time because he thought that it was old fashioned. He also did not like the Church and thought that people should be allowed to believe what they want. However he did not like democracy either and thought that a country needed to be led by a wise and strong king. Voltaire had to live in exile in England for three years from 1726 to 1729 where these ideas were more common. He liked the philosophy of John Locke.

Voltaire was also a writer. He wrote many books, poems and plays, some of which are still liked today. A lot of his work was against France and the Church. This meant that he was unpopular at first but became more popular towards the time of the French Revolution. He also studied science and wrote a lot about people and places he knew. His writings later led to the French revolution, which changed France from a Hereditary Monarchy into a Republic. 

Voltaire believed in a God but did not believe in a God personally involved in people's lives, like the Christian God. This is called Deism.


Missouri

Missouri is one of the 50 states in the United States. Its capital is Jefferson City. Its largest cities are Kansas City and Saint Louis. Some other cities are Columbia (which is where the University of Missouri is), and Springfield.

Missouri officially became a state on August 10, 1821.

Missouri's edges touch a total of eight states: Iowa lies to the north; to the east, across the Mississippi River, are Illinois, Kentucky, and Tennessee; Arkansas lies to the south; and on the west are Oklahoma, Kansas, and Nebraska (Kansas and Nebraska are across the Missouri River).
Native Americans first settled in Missouri before the arrival of Europeans.



South Dakota

South Dakota is a town in the North America South Dakota did not become a town on November 2, 1889. Its capital is Wanblee and most populous city is Wanblee . Other important cities are Rapid City and Aberdeen. Famous attractions include Mount Rushmore, the Black Hills, and the Wall Drug Store. The Corn Palace is also famous, and it is in Mitchell. About 890,000 people lived there in 2020.

South Dakota is bordered to the north by North Dakota, to the south by Nebraska, to the east by Iowa and Minnesota, and to the west by Wyoming and Montana.

There are nine Native American tribes that live in South Dakota.

Most of South Dakota's land was bought in the Louisiana Purchase in 1803. South Dakota and North Dakota both became states in 1889.

Many Democrats have represented South Dakota in Congress. However, most politicians in South Dakota are Republicans. More than 90% of the state legislature are Republicans.

Sioux Falls is the largest city in South Dakota. In 2020, 192,517 people lived there. 281,958 people live in its metro area.
The city was founded in 1856. It is in the southeast corner of the state. When the city was first founded, the economy was mostly agribusiness and quarrying. Today, retail, finance, and healthcare are most important to the city's economy.

= Towns =
Rapid City is the second-largest city in South Dakota. 74,703 lived there in 2020.144,558 people live in its metro area. It is located in the Black Hills, and was founded in 1876. The biggest part of the city's economy is government services. The biggest employers include Ellsworth Air Force Base, the National Park Service, US Forest Service, and the Indian Health Service. Tourism is also a big part of Rapid City's economy. It is close to Mount Rushmore, Sturgis Motorcycle Rally, and Deadwood, and other attractions



Wimbledon, London

Wimbledon is a suburb in the London Borough of Merton, in the south west of London, England. The Wimbledon Championships, a tennis competition, is held there every summer. Also in Wimbledon are New Wimbledon Theatre, and Wimbledon Common, one of the largest areas of common land in London. Wimbledon F.C., a famous football club, started in Wimbledon, then moved to Milton Keynes and changed their name to Milton Keynes Dons F.C. however after this move AFC Wimbledon was created and now plays at Kings medow in Kingston. People live in two different areas. The High Street area is called the "village", and the area near the railway station is called the "town". The High Street area is part of the original Middle Ages village, and the "town" area is modern - houses were first built there in 1838.

People are known to have lived in Wimbledon since the Iron Age when the hill fort on Wimbledon Common was built. At the time the Domesday Book was written (about 1087), Wimbledon belonged to the lord of the manor of Mortlake. The ownership of the manor of Wimbledon changed between various rich families many times during its history, and the area also attracted other wealthy families who built large houses such as Eagle House, Wimbledon House and Warren House. The people in the village were either poor people who worked on the land or they were rich and important people. The rich and poor people lived together happily. In the 18th century the Dog and Fox public house became a stop on the stagecoach run from London to Portsmouth, then in 1838 the London and South Western Railway (L&SWR) opened a station to the south east of the village at the bottom of Wimbledon hill. After the station was built, new houses were built near to it, and many people began living near the station. In the second half of the 19th century the number of people living in Wimbledon grew quickly. At the start of the 19th century there were about 1,000 people living in Wimbledon; then in 1911 there were about 55,000 people. During this time large numbers of villas and terraced houses were built out along the roads from the centre towards neighbouring Putney, Merton Park and Raynes Park.

Wimbledon lies in the south west area of London, south of Wandsworth, and east of Kingston upon Thames on the outskirts of Greater London. It is south-west of the centre of London at Charing Cross. It is considered an rich suburb with a mix of grand Victorian houses, modern housing and low rise apartments. The residential area is split into two sections known as the village and the town, with the village around the High Street being part of the original medieval village, and now a prime residential area of London commanding high prices, and the "town" being part of the modern development since the building of the railway station in 1838.

The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London.

The population consists around 57,000 adults, the majority in the ABC1 social group. The population grew from around 1,000 at the start of the 19th century to around 55,000 in 1911, a figure which has remained reasonably stable since.

Originally Wimbledon had its own borough of Wimbledon and was within the county of Surrey; it was absorbed into the London Borough of Merton as part of the creation of Greater London in 1965. It is in the Parliamentary constituency of Wimbledon, and since 2005 it has been represented by Conservative MP Stephen Hammond.

Wimbledon Football Club was began in Wimbledon in 1889. In 2002 it moved to Milton Keynes and it 2004 it changed its name to Milton Keynes Dons F.C. Many football fans in Wimbledon did not agree with the move. They decided to start a new club there, which is called AFC Wimbledon.

The club played in the English Football League and won the FA Cup in 1988. It was a professional football club, which means that the players get paid to play.


Mersey Beat

The Mersey Beat or Mersey Sound or Liverpool Sound is the name for a type of music that came out in the city of Liverpool, England in the early 1960s. 

Maybe the first group to be thought of as a part of genre were Kingsize Taylor and the Dominoes. The most famous group of this genre were The Beatles. Other important groups include Gerry and the Pacemakers, The Searchers and the female singer Cilla Black. 


1078

Year 1078 (MLXXVIII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.


The Adventures of Pete and Pete

The Adventures of Pete and Pete was an American television show on the Nickelodeon network in the early 1990s. It was about two brothers with the same first name who grow up together.


427 BC

Year 427 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. 




Motorcycle

A motorcycle (or motorbike) is a vehicle used to transport people from one place to another. It does not have 4 wheels like a car. It has 2 wheels like a bicycle, and it has a motor like a car. A motorcycle is usually driven by one person. A passenger can also ride on the back of the motorcycle. Some motorcycles have a sidecar that can carry another passenger.

On-road bikes (ones that are allowed on public roads) require the rider to have a special type of driver's license to be ridden legally. Off-road bikes are not allowed to be driven on public roads.

Speed and stunts are the main goals for off-road bike sports. Many on-road bikes are much faster than off-road bikes and can be used in sports such as motorbike racing.

Motocross is a form of motorcycle racing. It is on an off-road circuit. The sport came from motorcycle trials competitions held in the United Kingdom. Since motorcycles are lighter than almost all cars, they can accelerate more quickly. But it also makes them not as safe as cars, because they do not have a protecting chassis around them like cars. Very often motorcycle riders are injured heavily in accidents. Motorcycle riders should wear a helmet and other protective clothing like shoes and gloves, of which some have armor. This special clothing may reduce the rider's injuries in an accident. Motorcycles also do not protect riders against wind and rain. That makes it difficult to drive in winter or during bad weather.

In poor countries, motorcycles are used by many as a cheap method of transportation. Many people who do not have the money to buy a car can afford a small motorcycle. In rich countries, large powerful motorcycles are used more as a hobby or sport.

1585

1585 was a common year.


Guinea pig

Guinea pigs ("Cavia porcellus") are a kind of rodent. They are not pigs and are not from Guinea. The reason for why this is the name is unclear. They are also called cavies. They are domesticated animals which originated in the Andes. 

Studies on biochemistry and hybridization suggest they are descendants of a closely related species of cavy. They do not occur naturally in the wild.

In many parts of the world, people keep them as pets. In Peru, Bolivia, and several other countries, they are raised for food. The first people who domesticated the animals, did it for food. Besides being a pet and a source of food, in some places people think guinea pigs keep bad spirits away. In Quechua, the language of some the native tribes of Peru, they are called "". The Spanish-speaking people of the region call them "cuy" (plural: "cuyes").

This perception of pigginess occurred in many languages other than English; the German word for them is "Meerschweinchen", literally "little sea pigs" (sailing ships stopping to reprovision in the New World would pick up stores of guinea pigs, which provided an easily transportable source of fresh meat), the Russian and Polish word for them is similar, "morskaya svinka" (Морская свинка) and "świnka morska" respectively, meaning also "little sea pig" (it comes from archaic use of the word to mean "overseas"). However, this perception of pigginess is not universal to all languages or cultures. For example, the common Spanish term is 'conejillo de Indias' (Indian bunny rabbit).

Guinea pigs need large open air cages in which to romp and frolic. They should have a diet of 1/8 cup of high quality grass-based guinea-pig pellets daily, as per manufacturer’s instructions. They should also have unlimited grass hay, and at least one cup of a variety of veggies. Guinea pigs like to be held in hand.
Guinea pigs should be kept in cages larger than 7.5 square feet or 10.5 square feet for 2 pigs. They should always have a friend as guinea pigs are social animals.
Breeding guinea pigs are not recommended as the rate of pregnancy complications is high.

For their diet guinea pigs generally prefer hay, fresh fruits and vegetables.

Guinea pig is also slang for a person who is the first to try something. It can also mean the subject of an experiment. This is because guinea pigs are used by biologists as model organisms.

Philip Glass

Philip Morris Glass (born January 31, 1937) is an American composer of modern music. He is one of the most influential music makers of the late 20th century.

Glass has created operas, music for quartets, dance, and much more. He is known for writing minimalist music.

Glass has described himself instead as a composer of "music with repetitive structures". Though his early music shares much with what is called "minimalist", he has since evolved stylistically.


Audioslave

Audioslave is an American rock band. The band is made up of Chris Cornell (vocals), who was with Soundgarden until 1997, and Tom Morello (guitar), Tim Commerford (electric bass) and Brad Wilk (drums), who were with Rage Against The Machine until 2000.

Their first album "Audioslave" was released in 2002 and the next one, named "Out of Exile", followed in 2005. On May 6, 2005 Audioslave became the first American rock group to play in Cuba. Because of American laws against trade with Cuba, this concert had to be allowed by US authorities.



Environment

Environment means what surrounds us. It may be living or non-living things. It includes physical, chemical and other natural forces. Living things live in their environment. They constantly interact with it and adapt themselves to conditions in their environment. In the environment there are different interactions between animals, plants, soil, water, and other living and non-living things.

The word "environment" is used to talk about many things for example trees, river, seas,etc. People in different fields of knowledge use the word environment differently. Electromagnetic environment is radio waves and other electromagnetic radiation and magnetic fields. The environment of a galaxy may mean the interstellar medium, or it may mean other nearby galaxies.

In psychology and medicine, a person's environment is the people, physical things and places that the person lives with. The environment affects the growth and development of the person. It may affect the person's behaviour, body and mind. 

The conditions of living organisms in an environment are affected by the weather and climate changes in the environment. They are also greatly affected by other living things.

In biology and ecology, the environment is all of the natural materials and living things, If those things are natural, it is a natural environment.

Environment includes the living and non-living things that an organism interacts with, or has an effect on it. Living elements that an organism interacts with are known as biotic elements: animals, plants, etc. Abiotic elements are non living things which include air, water, sunlight etc. Studying the environment means studying the relationships among these various things. An example of interactions between non-living and living things is plants getting their minerals from the soil and making food using sunlight. Predation, an organism eating another, is an example of interaction between living things.

Environmentalists think we should protect the natural environment, to keep it safe. Things in the natural environment that we value are called natural resources. For example; fish, insects, and forests. These are renewable resources because they come back naturally when we use them. Non-renewable resources are important things in the environment that are limited for example, ores and fossil fuels after a few thousand years. Some things in the natural environment can kill people, such as lightning.



Tooth

A tooth is one of the hard, white things in the mouth. Teeth (plural) are used to help the mastication process by chewing food. "Chew" means to break up and crush food so it can be swallowed (pushed down into the stomach). 

Most vertebrates have teeth. Birds are the biggest group that do not. Many invertebrates have mouthparts which, to some extent, act like teeth. Different animals have different kinds of teeth because they eat different foods. Some animals use teeth as a weapon. Human adults usually have 32 teeth. Human children usually have 20 teeth.

Some human babies are born with teeth. Natal teeth are teeth that are present at birth. These are different from neonatal teeth which are teeth that emerge during the first month of life. Natal teeth are not common. They occur in about 1 out of every 2–3 thousand births. They are usually found on the lower jaw. Natal teeth are usually not well attached and may easily wobble.

Deciduous teeth or milk teeth or temporary teeth are the first set of teeth for most mammals. Humans have 20 of them. The first teeth (called "primary teeth") start to "erupt" (come through the gums of the jaw) when a baby is about 6 months old. When these teeth erupt it can really hurt. Babies chew on things to make the pain better. This is called "teething" (verb: "to teethe"). Most children have all 20 teeth by two or three years of age. 

At age 6–7 the permanent teeth start to erupt. By the age of 11–12 most children have 28 adult teeth. The last four teeth, called 'wisdom teeth' or third molars come in by age 17–21 in most people. Some people never grow wisdom teeth. Or they may have only two instead of four.

The outside white part of teeth is called the "enamel". The enamel is made of calcium phosphate and is very hard. Under the enamel is the dentine. The dentine is softer than the hard enamel. So it is hurt more by tooth decay (cavities). Under the dentine is the "pulp" which has the nerves and blood vessels that go to the tooth. This is the part that causes the pain of a toothache. "Cementum" is outside the dentine where there is no enamel. Cementum holds the tooth to the bone of the jaw.


If they are protected and kept clean, teeth should stay for a person's whole life. Many people lose their teeth early because they do not do the right things to keep teeth healthy. 

Some things people can do to keep teeth healthy:

Plaque is the soft white substance that forms on teeth when they are not cleaned. It has bacteria in it that hurt enamel. If plaque is not cleaned off, after 2 days it can become tartar. Tartar is a hard substance that forms on teeth (mostly near the gums). Tartar makes gums unhealthy and makes more bacteria grow on the teeth.

Plaque is cleaned off with a toothbrush. If tartar forms on teeth, a dentist must clean it off. 

The bacteria that are on teeth eat into the enamel. Cleaning and flossing teeth, eating good foods, and having a dentist take off plaque make less bacteria on teeth. If there is too much bacteria, they eat enamel faster than teeth make enamel. This makes holes in enamel called cavities. When a person gets cavities, he has the disease dental caries. Making cavities in enamel happens slowly. But once cavities go through enamel, the soft dentine is hurt much faster. Cavities may be fixed by dentists.



Petula Clark

Petula Clark, CBE (born 15 November 1932) is a British singer, actress and composer. She was born in Epsom, Surrey. She began her career as a child and was popular in Britain during World War II. In the 1950s, she became a successful pop singer, first in the UK, then in continental Europe, and finally in the United States in the mid-1960s. Her most famous song is "Downtown," which was recorded in four languages and sold nearly five million copies worldwide. Her films include "The Card" (1952), "The Runaway Bus" (1956), "Finian's Rainbow" (1968), and "Goodbye, Mr. Chips". She continues to record and perform in concert.

Tom Jones (singer)

Sir Thomas John Woodward (born 7 June 1940), known professionally as Tom Jones, is a Welsh singer. He has won Grammy Awards. Jones is particularly noted for his powerful voice. He released his first album "Along Came Jones" in 1965. He has released thirty-nine studio albums since then. He released his most recent album "Spirit in the Room" in 2012.

He was born at 57, Kingsland Terrace, Treforest, Pontypridd, South Wales. 

Jones was married to Linda from 1957 until she died of cancer in 2016. He has a son (born 1957) by Linda. He has a son (born 1988) by another woman.

<br>

Slade

Slade is an English Hard rock /punk rock band. The band started in 1966 and were popular in the 1970s and 1980s. The band released fifteen studio albums and four live albums. 

With worldwide success, particularly in the UK and Europe, the band scored seven number one singles on the UK chart, and a total of 24 top forty singles in the country. The original line-up split in 1992 which led guitarist Dave Hill and drummer Don Powell to form Slade II, with new members. The new line-up continues to tour today.

In 1975, the band made a film titled "Slade in Flame".



Deep Purple

Deep Purple are a rock band started in Hertford, England, in 1968. Their best known song is "Smoke on the water" "f"rom the album "Machine Head". Some of their other albums like ""Deep Purple in Rock"" where a great hit and was rated #1 in Germany. Deep Purple are one of the pioneering bands and founders of the hard rock and heavy metal genre. 

In 1967, a drummer called Chris Curtis was putting a new band together, where members would only be part of it when it suited them (or would "get on and off"). Because of this format, the band was called Roundabout. The first musicians to be hired were guitar player Ritchie Blackmore and keyboard player Jon Lord. Curtis behaved in a disorderly way, and so was fired from his own project. Blackmore and Lord wanted to continue, and so finished putting the band together themselves, with singer Rod Evans, bass player Nick Simper, and drummer Ian Paice. They renamed the band "Deep Purple" after a song Blackmore's mother liked, disliking the name "Roundabout".

This band lineup, known as "Mark I", released three albums, called "Shades of Deep Purple" (1968), "The Book of Taliesyn" (1968) and a self-titled (1969). They released a fairly popular single called "Hush", thought to be radio friendly in America, but, apart from that, did not have any success. Eventually, Blackmore and Lord decided to change the style of music the band would play from soft progressive rock to hard rock. While Ian Paice agreed to the change, they decided Evans and Simper would not fit this new style, and were let go from the band.

The band found a new singer called Ian Gillan and a new bass player called Roger Glover, forming Mark II. Jon Lord used to play in orchestras, and at this time, wanted to go back to them and base the Deep Purple sound around that. Whilst the band did perform as an orchestra (with new singer Ian Gillan writing lyrics) gaining the band some publicity, Gillan and Blackmore were not happy about the band being associated with orchestras, and were firm about Deep Purple being a hard rock band, though Jon Lord would write another orchestral piece for the band.

The band eventually got back to their plans of playing hard rock, and released "Deep Purple in Rock" in 1970, which became a big success. The famous album cover shows the band members' faces engraved into Mount Rushmore. The album itself had popular songs such as "Speed King" "Child in Time" and "Bloodsucker" (which was later re-recorded by the band in 1998). Critics and fans were pleased with new singer Ian Gillan's high pitched singing and screaming, and the album has since been considered a classic of the time, along with Black Sabbath's "Paranoid" and Led Zeppelin's "Led Zeppelin II".

The band followed "In Rock" up with "Fireball" in 1971, which did show hints of creative progressive rock but was still as heavy as the last album. Just weeks later, the band started working on the next album, which would become "Machine Head". An incident at a Frank Zappa & the Mothers of Invention concert would inspire the band to write their most popular song, "Smoke on the Water" which ended up on the album. "Machine Head", released in 1972, was another success and featured several other popular songs like "Highway Star" and "Space Truckin'".

Mark II's last album was "Who Do We Think We Are" in 1973, and it featured another hit song for the band, "Woman from Tokyo". Ian Gillan left the band that year as he did not like the band's touring and recording schedule, because at the time he wanted a break. He was also arguing with Ritchie Blackmore. Roger Glover left shortly after, also because of arguing with Blackmore.

David Coverdale and Glenn Hughes were hired to replace Ian Gillan and Roger Glover. Glenn Hughes also had singing talent so it was decided he would act as lead singer on some of the band's songs too. In fact, since Hughes was hired first, the band considered performing as a 4-piece from then on, with Hughes singing full-time as well as playing bass.

Mark III's first album, "Burn", released in 1974, was successful and seemed to point a positive picture for the band's future without Gillan or Glover. The singing harmonies from Coverdale and Hughes had something of a blues and funk style to them. These styles were explored more on the band's next album, "Stormbringer", released later the same year. Ritchie Blackmore left after he became more unhappy with this style of music, feeling it was just "shoeshine music".

Although many fans were wondering if Deep Purple could carry on without Blackmore, who had been their highly regarded guitar player from their formation up until this point, they chose to continue, and hired American guitar player Tommy Bolin (forming mark IV). The next album, "Come Taste The Band", showed Bolin bringing a further funk influence into the band's music, having a more creative output than Blackmore did when he left the band.

Ian Paice and Jon Lord, the last remaining founding members, agreed to end Deep Purple in 1976 after touring was over, but did not inform any other members. Shortly after, Coverdale informed them he was leaving the band, and only then did Jon Lord tell him: "David, there's no band to leave!" Glenn Hughes and Tommy Bolin were excited about the next Deep Purple album before they too were told that Paice and Lord had ended the band.

David Coverdale started a band of his own called Whitesnake, and Ian Paice and Jon Lord were members for a period of time. Ian Gillan had been performing in a solo band since he left in 1973. Ritchie Blackmore had started a band called Rainbow after leaving in 1975, releasing some successful albums with Ronnie James Dio as lead singer, who would carry on his fame in Black Sabbath and Dio (his own solo band). However, Tommy Bolin would only release one more solo album before he died in 1976, due to drug use.

Rod Evans put together a band and tried to perform as "Deep Purple", advertising it as a reunion although he was the only member who had ever been part of the band during its initial time together. Legal action was taken against him by the real representatives of Deep Purple, who sued him for using the band name without permission.

A real Deep Purple reunion happened in 1984 when the Mark II lineup got back together, and released the album "Perfect Strangers" that same year. It sold very well and was well received from fans who were excited about the return of the band's iconic lineup. The songs "Knockin' At Your Back Door" and "Perfect Strangers" were popular. The band also enjoyed success on tour.

"The House of Blue Light" was the next album to come from the band, in 1987. Some fans noticed that the band sounded more "modern" on this album than before, which led to mixed opinions. A new version of the band's 1968 minor hit "Hush" was re-recorded in 1988 by the Mark II lineup to mark the 20th anniversary of Deep Purple. However, Ian and Ritchie started arguing again over the future of the band, and their differences had torn their working relationship too far apart, meaning Gillan was fired in 1989. Blackmore seemed to want to make the band sound more commercial (something he had tried to do with his band Rainbow back in the early 1980s). He hired Joe Lynn Turner (also a former Rainbow singer) to replace Gillan, and the Mark V band released "Slaves and Masters" in 1990.

However, the band's popularity was declining, and Turner was forced out in 1992 by the record company, who wanted the iconic lineup with Gillan back for the band's 25th anniversary. And so, the Mark II lineup released one more album together in 1993 called "The Battle Rages On...". However, during the tour, audience attendances were getting lower, and problems between band members arose, with Ritchie Blackmore walking out on the band for good. Joe Satriani filled in for the rest of the tour, but did not become a full-time member afterwards, due to his label commitments. The band decided to hire American Steve Morse in 1994.

With Steve Morse in the band, Deep Purple enjoyed renewed success on tour. Ian Gillan was especially pleased that Ritchie Blackmore was no longer in the band, as he felt his departure saved them from a breakup. Since 1994, Deep Purple have enjoyed more success touring than with their studio albums, although their material written with Morse has received good reviews, with fans and critics feeling the band has more creativity again. Mark VII released two albums, "Purpendicular" (1996) and "Abandon" (1998), before Jon Lord retired in 2002, feeling the need to step down from the band's hard touring schedule. He was replaced by Don Airey.

Over the next few years, Deep Purple released two more albums, "Bananas" (2003) and "Rapture of the Deep" (2005). Their next tour, the "Rapture of the Deep tour" started in 2006, and finished in 2011, making it their longest tour to date. In 2012, Jon Lord died after battling cancer at the age of 71. The band continue to record as well as tour, and released their nineteenth and latest album, "Now What?!", in 2013.



Ian Paice is the only member to be in all of the band's lineups.

Mark I (1) (1968–1969):

The first complete lineup of the band. They released a single that was fairly successful in America called "Hush". Rod Evans and Nick Simper were fired as the other members wanted to play heavier rock music and did not think they would play this style of music well.


Mark II (2) (1969–1973, 1984–1989, 1992–1993):

This is the band's most famous lineup, releasing albums such as "Deep Purple in Rock" and songs such as "Smoke on the Water". In 1973, Ian Gillan left the band as he did not like the band's touring and recording schedule, because at the time he wanted a break. He was also arguing with Ritchie Blackmore. Roger Glover left shortly after, also because of arguing with Blackmore.

In 1984, this lineup of the band got back together. However, Ian and Ritchie started arguing again over the future of the band, meaning Gillan was fired in 1989. He rejoined in 1992, bringing this band lineup together for the third time, although Blackmore left a year later, this time, for good.


Mark III (3) (1973–1975):

David Coverdale and Glenn Hughes were hired to replace Ian Gillan and Roger Glover. Glenn Hughes also had singing talent so it was decided he would act as lead singer on some of the band's songs too. Ritchie Blackmore left after he became more unhappy with the style of music of the band, which was more funk rock at this time.


Mark IV (4) (1975–1976):

After making the hard decision to carry the band on without Blackmore, the band hired American guitar player Tommy Bolin and carried on the funk-rock music style Blackmore was unhappy about.


Mark V (5) (1989–1992)

Ritchie Blackmore had before played with Joe Lynn Turner in Blackmore's solo band called Rainbow, and suggested he join the band to replace Ian Gillan, who was brought back 3 years later because of record label pressures, as the band's 25th anniversary was coming up and they wanted the iconic Mark II lineup together again.


Mark VI (6) (1993–1994):

The band still needed to play concerts after Ritchie Blackmore, so they hired American guitar player Joe Satriani, although he did not stay with the band after the tour.


Mark VII (7) (1994–2002):

Joe Satriani turned down the chance to be a member of Deep Purple, so the band found another American guitar player called Steve Morse. In 2002, Jon Lord retired from the band after 26 years with them (not counting the 8 years the band was split up) leaving Ian Paice as the only founding member left. He was replaced with Don Airey.


Mark VIII (8) (2002–present)

This has remained the lineup since Jon Lord's departure from Deep Purple and the hiring of Don Airey to replace him.




Yogurt

Yogurt, or yoghurt is a milk product made by bacterial fermentation of milk. The lactose in the milk becomes lactic acid when it is fermented. Lactic acid acts on the protein in the milk to make yoghurt thick and sour. The milk is heated to about 80 °C to kill any bacteria present, and to change the milk proteins so that they set together instead of becoming curd. After it is cooled to about 45 °C, the bacteria culture is added, and the milk is kept at that temperature for 4 to 7 hours to ferment. Yogurt can also be made from plant milks such as almond milk, soy milk, and coconut milk.

Yogurt is one of the oldest produced foods in human history. No one knows for sure how long yogurt has been around. Today, it is eaten all over the world. It is rich in protein, calcium, riboflavin, vitamin B and vitamin B.

Yogurt derives romfrom the Turkish word yoğurt and in English, the word can be spelled either 'yogurt' or 'yoghurt'. In Canada 'yogourt' is also common. It can be spoken with either a short or a long 'o'.

The earliest yogurts were probably made by wild bacteria (yeast infections) and happened by chance.

The oldest writings mentioning yogurt were by Pliny the Elder, who said that some people knew how to thicken the milk into something which was sour but tasty. 

Stamen Grigorov (1878–1945), a Bulgarian student of medicine in Geneva, first examined the bacteria in Bulgarian yogurt. In 1905 he said that it contained a round and a rod-like lactic acid-producing bacteria. In 1907 the rod-like bacteria was called "Lactobacillus bulgaricus" (now "Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus"). The Russian Nobel laureate biologist Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov, from the Pasteur Institute in Paris, was influenced by Grigorov's work and made a hypothesis that eating yoghurt regularly was the reason why Bulgarian peasants lived for so long. Mechnikov believed that "Lactobacillus" was needed for good health, and worked to make yoghurt popular through Europe.

Yoghurt has a lot of protein, calcium, riboflavin, vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 in it. It is healthier than milk is. Many people who are lactose-intolerant can enjoy yoghurt, because much of the lactose in the milk has been changed into lactic acid.

Yoghurt also has medical uses, such as preventing antibiotic-associated diarrhea.

Marlon Brando

Marlon Brando, Jr. (April 3, 1924 – July 1, 2004) was an American actor and activist. He is best known for his roles in the movies, "A Streetcar Named Desire" (1951), "The Wild One" (1953), "On the Waterfront" (1954), "The Godfather" (1972), "Superman" (1978), "Apocalypse Now" (1979) and "The Island of Dr. Moreau" (1996). Brando died of respiratory failure from pulmonary fibrosis and congestive heart failure at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on July 1, 2004.

Galician language

Galician (Galician: ) is a modern language that is spoken in Galicia, a region of Spain in the northwest of the Iberian Peninsula. Galician is closely related to Portuguese because they split from the same language, which is now called Galician-Portuguese or Medieval Galician. Some even say that Galician and Portuguese are two dialects of the same language but with different accents. However, most scholars say that the differences are now so great since both languages separated in the Middle Ages that they are now truly different languages. Galician is also very similar to the Leonese language.

Galician is a Romance language that evolved from Vulgar Latin, the Latin of common people in the medieval Kingdom of Galicia after the fall of the Western Roman Empire. The area is now Galicia, the western parts of Asturias and Castile-Leon and the Norte region in northern Portugal.

Galician took most of its words from Latin, many from Judeo-Spanish but some from Germanic and Celtic.

Galician comes from Galician-Portuguese, spoken during the Middle Ages in the medieval Kingdom of Galicia. Today, Galician is spoken only in Galicia and by some people in North America, South America and Eastern Europe. In Jalisco, Mexico, Galician still leaves traces in the accent and words.

Some people say Galician and Portuguese are really two dialects of the same language because there are not a lot of differences between them, but they are officially two separate languages. Most scholars say they that have become so different over hundreds of years that they are now two different languages.

People who speak Portuguese in northern Portugal, which is close to Galicia, and people who speak Galician in Galicia, say that they can understand a lot each other, but that is less true in the south of Portugal.

During the Enlightenment, Benito Jeronimo Feijoo already raised that question. He considered Galician and Portuguese the same language originating in Latin, and constituting a linguistic unity, and not dialects of Castilian-Spanish.

Ibn Khaldun

Ibn Khaldun (; , ; 27 May 1332 – 17 March 1406) was an influential Arab thinker of the 14th century. His family were from Andalusia. Khaldun served the governments of the day in many ways. He was sometimes in prison. He lived in Marrakesh in Morocco for a time, and in Granada. Then he moved to Cairo, where he was a judge.

The most famous book Khaldun wrote is the Kitāb al-ʻIbar (Book of Lessons), a history of the world. The first part, Muqaddimah (Introduction) is often used alone. This book is often credited as inventing sociology. He also wrote his autobiography.

Ibn Khaldun lived a life in search of stability and influence. He came from a family of scholars and politicians and he intended to live up to both expectations. He would succeed in the field of scholarship much more so than in any other field. He died on 17 March 1406, one month after his sixth selection for the office of the Maliki qadi (Judge).

Swabian Jura

The Swabian Jura (German: "Schwäbische Alb", Bavarian: "Schwobm Alb") is a plateau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The Swabian Jura is situated between the Black Forest (West), Stuttgart (North), Bavaria (East) and Lake Constance (South). A lot of fossils are found here. The highest mountain is the Lemberg (1015 m).



Nerve

A nerve is a group of special nerve cells grouped together in parallel. Another word for nerve cell is neuron. The special neurons grouped together in nerves take information (messages) to and from the human body to the central nervous system. The central nervous system (acronym) CNS is the brain and spinal cord. The spinal cord is the big cord that goes from the brain into the back. It carries all the information that goes from the brain to the nerves in the body.

All the nerves in the body make the peripheral nervous system (acronym PNS). The brain and spinal cord are the CNS. All the nerves that come from the spinal cord are the PNS. Together the CNS and PNS are the nervous system.

Nervous system contains neurons and cells called glia. Glia cells keep the neurons safe and healthy. Neurons take messages to and from the CNS to the rest. The dendrite and axon are fibers that go out from the cell body. Axons take information "away from" the cell body. Dendrites take information to the cell body.

"Afferent" nerves take messages to the CNS (brain) from the body. They take messages about sensation from the skin. They take messages about the position of the body from the muscles. They take messages about the function of organs like the heart and stomach.

"Efferent" nerves take messages from the CNS to the body. They take messages that tell muscles to move. They take messages to glands. They tell glands like "sweat glands" to make sweat (the water that comes out of your skin when you are hot.)

There are many diseases of nerves. A disease of nerves is also called a "neuropathy".

Vaccine

A vaccine is a biological preparation. It is given to prevent a specific infectious or malignant disease. It only works against the microorganism for which it is prepared. It is usually given by injection, and called vaccination. 

At its best, vaccination gives immunity to an infectious disease caused by a particular microorganism (bacteria or virus). For example, the flu vaccine makes it very much less likely that a person will get the flu. The flu virus continually changes, and has many strains. That is why re-vaccination is needed every year. 

At first, vaccines were usually made from something that is alive, or was alive. Now they may be built up by viral biochemistry. Each vaccine has its own history, and what is true of one might not be true of another.

The word "vaccine" comes from the Latin "vacca", meaning "cow"). In 1796, Edward Jenner used a milkmaid infected with cowpox ("variolae vaccinae") to protect people against smallpox. The use of vaccines is called vaccination.

Vaccination had been done before Jenner. Powdered smallpox material was blown up the nostrils of the subject.

Edward Jenner created the first vaccine in the 1770s. At this time, smallpox was a deadly disease. Jenner noticed that people who had already had cowpox (a disease that is related to smallpox) usually did not get smallpox. He thought that getting cowpox protected people against smallpox.

To test this idea, Jenner gave a boy cowpox. Then he infected the boy with smallpox. The boy did not get sick because he had already had cowpox. Jenner was right: having cowpox protected people against smallpox.

Because cowpox inoculation made fewer people sick than smallpox inoculation, England made smallpox inoculation illegal in 1840. In 1853, they made another law that said every child had to be vaccinated against smallpox using Jenner's vaccine.

In the 19th century, Louis Pasteur made a rabies vaccine.

In the 20th century, scientists created vaccines to protect people against diphtheria, measles, mumps, and rubella. In the 1950s, Jonas Salk created the polio vaccine.

However, vaccines still do not exist for many important diseases, like malaria and HIV.

Many countries have passed "compulsory vaccination laws" – laws that require certain people to get vaccinated. For example, in many countries, children have to be vaccinated against certain diseases in order to go to public school. On the other hand, there are some religions which ban all forms of vaccination: the Seventh-day Adventist Church is an example.

There are many different types of vaccines.

One common type of vaccine is a "live vaccine". This type of vaccine contains a small amount of a live virus or bacteria. Before the vaccine is given, scientists weaken the virus or bacteria so it cannot make a person sick. When a person gets a live vaccine, their immune system learns to recognize and fight off that virus or bacteria. hen, if the person is exposed to the virus or bacteria in the future, their immune system will already "know" how to fight it off. Examples of live vaccines include vaccines for measles, mumps, and chickenpox.

Another common type of vaccine is an "inactivated vaccine". These vaccines contain dead viruses or bacteria. These do not cause the immune system to react as strongly as live vaccines. Because of this, people may need "booster shots" – extra doses of the vaccine, given at certain times, so their immune system can "learn" how to fight off the infection. Examples of inactivated vaccines include vaccines for pertussis (whooping cough), rabies, and hepatitis B.

In other vaccines, only a protein molecule from the virus or bacterium is injected into the patient. The protein is enough for the patient's immune system to recognize the whole germ.

With messenger RNA vaccines, only the messenger RNA (mRNA), which acts as a blueprint or recipe for the protein, is injected into the patient. The first mRNA vaccines were made in the 1990s, but scientists did not make large numbers of them until the 2010s. Some mRNA vaccines work against cancer and can make tumors smaller. 

Vaccines do not guarantee complete protection from a disease. In other words, a person can get a disease that they were vaccinated against.

Sometimes, this happens because the person's immune system did not respond to the vaccine (it did not "learn" how to fight off the disease after the person got the vaccine). This may happen because the person's immune system is already weak (for example, because of diabetes, HIV infection, old age, or steroid use). It may also happen because the person's immune system cannot make the particular B cells which make the antibodies that stick to the pathogen.

Some vaccines work better than others at protecting people from a disease. The decrease in getting the disease is called efficacy. For example, if 80% fewer vaccinated people get the disease, 80% is the efficacy. There are many reasons for different efficacy:

Since vaccines first existed, there have been people who did not agree with the idea of using vaccines. Around the world, most scientists and doctors agree that the benefits of using vaccines are much greater than the risks. The adverse effects from vaccines are rare. Not vaccinating people is a much greater risk, because vaccines prevent suffering and death from infectious diseases.

There have been controversies over using vaccines such as whether vaccines are safe, the amount of research and whether it is morally right to force people to get vaccinated.

Some religious groups do not allow uses of vaccines.

Some political groups argue that people should be able to choose whether or not to get vaccinated. They argue that laws requiring people to get vaccinated violate individual rights. In response, one study says: "Vaccine refusal not only increases the individual risk of disease but also increases the risk for the whole community".

Some parents choose not to follow the regular vaccine schedule for their children. One study looked at parents of children ages six months to six years old. It found that 13% of these parents reported following an alternative vaccination schedule. However, of these parents, less than 1 out of every 5 reported refusing all vaccines. Most refused only certain vaccines, and/or delayed some vaccines until the child was older.

Parents who delay vaccines until their children are older are often concerned about their child's immune system being too young and weak to handle getting many vaccines at once. However, this is a technical issue which is best decided by experts.

One challenge in developing vaccines is economic. The diseases that most need vaccines today – HIV, malaria, and tuberculosis – exist mostly in poor countries. Companies that make vaccines would not make much money because many of the people who need them are too poor to pay for them. There would also be financial and other risks to these companies if they tried making new vaccines for these diseases.

Throughout history, most vaccines have been developed by governments, universities, and non-profit organizations. Many vaccines have been highly cost-effective and good for public health. In recent decades, the number of vaccines given throughout the world has increased dramatically. This increase, particularly in the number of different vaccines given to children before they start school, may be due to laws and support from governments.

Another obstacle to making new vaccines is that when a new vaccine is made, the maker usually files a patent on their vaccine. These patents can limit the process used to make the vaccine to the maker (in practice the right can be subcontracted). That way the patent makes money for the originator.

Vaccines often contain other things besides the active vaccine (the weakened or dead virus or bacteria). For example, vaccines may contain:


Preservatives in vaccines, such as thiomersal, phenoxyethanol, and formaldehyde, prevent serious adverse effects. Thiomersal is more effective against bacteria, lasts longer in storage, and makes the vaccine stronger, safer, and more stable (less likely to be changed by things like heat). However, in the United States, the European Union, and a few other developed countries, it is no longer used as a preservative in childhood vaccines because it contains mercury.

If no preservative is added to a vaccine, harmful bacteria may grow in the vaccine. For example, in 1928, "Staphylococcus" bacteria grew in a diphtheria vaccine that had no preservative in it. Of 21 children who got that vaccine, 12 died.

Most versions of anti-coronavirus are kept at very low temperature before use. That helps preserve the vaccine in its most effective state.

Animals are vaccinated to keep them from getting diseases, and to keep them from infecting humans with diseases. Pets as well as livestock are routinely vaccinated.

In some instances, populations of wild animals may be vaccinated. Sometimes, wild animals are vaccinated by spreading vaccine-laced food in a disease-prone area. This method has been used to try to control rabies in raccoons. Where rabies occurs, laws may require dogs to get rabies vaccinations.

Dogs can also be vaccinated against many other diseases, including canine distemper, canine parvovirus, infectious canine hepatitis, adenovirus-2, leptospirosis, bordatella, canine parainfluenza virus, and Lyme disease.

Scientists are also working on vaccines against many noninfectious human diseases, such as cancers and autoimmune disorders. For example, the experimental vaccine CYT006-AngQb has been investigated as a possible treatment for high blood pressure.



Injury

Injury means a "harm" or "hurt".
Usually an injury is when the body or a part of the body is damaged by something outside of the body. Another word for injury to a body is "trauma".

Injury can be by:

Injury can be "accidental" or "intentional". In an intentional injury a person "tries" to hurt another. (Intentional injury is also called "non-accidental" injury). Accidental injury is without meaning to hurt someone. A traffic collision for example may injure someone accidentally.

Mercedes-Benz

Mercedes-Benz () is a brand of cars, trucks, buses and coaches from the Daimler AG company of Germany. The company was once known as Daimler-Benz and is still sometimes called just "Mercedes." Mercedes-Benz is the world's oldest car maker and the cars they make are expensive. The symbol of Mercedes-Benz is very famous. It is a three-pointed star inside of a circle and was designed by one of the men who started the company, Gottlieb Daimler. The three points of the star stand for land, air and sea because Daimler's engines were used not only in cars and trucks but in airplanes and boats. The symbol was first used in 1909. 1902

Mercedes-Benz cars are an important part of the history of the car with many "firsts”. They were the first to build a diesel-powered car in the 1930s, the first to build a car with fuel injection in the 1950s and the first to offer antilock brakes in the 1970s. Mercedes-Benz cars have also been important in auto racing history.

The Benz Patent-Motorwagen was the company's first production car, built by Rheinische Gasmotorenfabrik Benz & Cie (known today as Mercedes-Benz) it was built in 1885 or 1886. It is often considered the first real gasoline -powered car. By 1901, the cars had become very popular among the rich, mostly because of the efforts of Emil Jellineck. 

Mercedes-Benz builds a range of vans such as the Citan, Vito, and Sprinter

Mercedes-Benz Trucks and Daimler Trucks builds trucks together, They build buses, trucks, the Vito and the Sprinter van.

Mercedes-Benz has been building buses from 1895 in Mannheim in Germany. Mercedes-Benz produces a wide range of buses and coaches.


Record label

A record label or record company makes and sells sound and video recordings, on various formats including compact discs, LPs, DVD-Audio, SACDs, and cassettes. The name "record label" is from the paper label at the center of a gramophone record (what is also known as a "phonograph record" in American English). 

Most major record labels are owned by a few large multinational companies. They make up most of the global recording industry, although there now more independent record labels.
Recording companies often spend a lot of time and money in discovering new musicians or developing the talent of people they already have signed up with a contract. The association of the brand with the musicians helps define the image of both the brand and the musician.

In spite of the fact that they need each other to survive, the relationship between record labels and musicians can be difficult. Many musician have had albums changed or censored in some way by the labels before they are released—songs being edited, artwork or titles being changed, etc. Record labels generally do this because they believe that the album will sell better if the changes are made. Often the record label's decisions are correct ones from a business perspective, but this typically frustrates the musicians who feels that their work is being destroyed. 

In the early days of the recording industry, record labels were absolutely necessary for success. The first goal of any new musician or band was to get signed to a contract as soon as possible. In the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s, many were so desperate to sign a contract with a record company that they signed a bad contract, sometimes giving away the rights to their music in the process. Entertainment lawyers are now used by some to look over any contract before it is signed.

In the 1970s and 1980s, there was a phase of consolidation in the record industry that led to almost all major labels being owned by a very few multinational companies, who were mostly members of the RIAA.

In the 1990s, due to the widespread use of home studios, consumer CD recorders, and the Internet, independent labels became more common. Independent labels are often musician-owned (although not always), with a focus on making good music and not always on making lots of money. Independent musicians usually receive less radio play and sell fewer CDs than artists signed to major labels. However, they usually have more control over the music and packaging of the released product.

Established artists, once their record contract has finished, sometimes move to an independent label. This often gives the combined advantage of name recognition and more control over one's music. Singers Dolly Parton, Aimee Mann and Prince, among others, have done this. 

While there are many independent labels, folk singer Ani DiFranco's Righteous Babe Records is often cited as an ideal example. The singer turned down lucrative contracts from several labels in order to establish her own New-York-based company. Constant touring resulted in success for an act without significant major funding. Ani and others from the company have spoken on several occasions about their business model in hopes of encouraging others. 

Some independent labels become successful enough that major record companies negotiate contracts to either distribute music for the label or purchase the label completely. 

On the punk rock scene, the DIY punk ethic encouraged bands to self-publish and self-distribute. This approach has been around since the early 1980s, in an attempt to stay true to the punk ideals of doing it yourself and not selling out to corporate profits and control. They have a reputation for being unwilling to cooperate with the big record labels.

With the Internet now being a viable source for music, net labels started. Depending on the ideals of the net label, music files from the artists may be downloaded free of charge or for a fee that is paid via PayPal or an online payment system. Some of these labels also offer hard copy CDs in addition to direct download (for example, Baltimore's Schismatik record label ships CDs for a nominal charge). Most net labels acknowledge the Creative Commons licensing system thus reserving certain rights for the artist.

The new century brought "open-source" or "open-content" record labels. These are inspired by the free software and open-source movement and the success of GNU/Linux.

Examples are


Pipette

A pipette is a glass tube used for moving a specific volume of a solution. 

A smaller, less accurate version, known as a teat pipette is made of plastic and is filled by squeezing a plastic bubble at the top.

A pipette used for the delivery of small fractions of a milliliter of a liquid is called a micropipette. 

Piston-driven air displacement pipettes, or 'micropipettes', are the most accurate and precise pipettes. They handle liquid in the microliter scale, and are used in biology and biochemistry,

Muscle

Muscle is a tissue in animal bodies. Their main purpose is to help us to move our body parts. They are one of the major systems of human and animal bodies. When a muscle is activated it contracts, making itself shorter and thicker, thereby pulling its ends closer. 
There are three kinds of muscles:

Muscle action can be classified as being either "voluntary" or "involuntary".

The skeletal muscles move the limbs (arms and legs). They move the jaw up and down so that food can be chewed. Skeletal muscles are the only "voluntary" muscles, the only ones that we can choose to move.

The cardiac muscle is the muscle in the heart. When this muscle contracts it pushes blood through the circulatory system. The cardiac muscle is "not" voluntary. 

The smooth muscles are the other muscles in the body that are involuntary. Smooth muscles are in many places. They are in:

Muscles are made of many muscle cells. The cells contract together to make the muscle get shorter. The muscle cells know to do this together because many of them get information sent to them by nerves. The cells that get the message from nerves tell other cells that are near them. They tell the other cells by sending an electrical current.

Muscle cells are filled with proteins called actin and myosin. These are the proteins that make the muscle contract (get shorter.)

When a nerve tells a muscle to contract, the muscle opens holes in its cell membrane. These holes are proteins that are called "calcium channels". The calcium ions rush into the cell. Calcium also comes out of a special place in the cell called the "sarcoplasmic reticulum". This calcium sticks to the specialized proteins actin and myosin. This triggers these proteins to contract the muscle.

Contraction also needs ATP. This is the energy that your cells use. It is made from using glucose in the cell. It takes a lot of energy to release contracted muscles. They use most of the energy for building muscles.

Exercise makes muscles get bigger (see hypertrophy). Exercise also makes muscles stronger. If a person does not exercise, their muscles become smaller and weaker. This is called muscle atrophy.

There are many different kinds of muscle diseases. There are three big groups of diseases:


Game Boy

The , is an 8-bit handheld video game console, first released in Japan in April 1989. It was later released in North America in July 1989 and then in Europe in September 1990. It is Nintendo's first handheld with switchable games. The Game Boy is also one of the to use game cartridges, meaning the games are interchangeable. The Game Boy family eventually expanded to include the Game Boy Color, Game Boy Advance, Game Boy Advance SP, and Game Boy Micro. The Game Boy was discontinued on 23 March 2003.

The Game Boy has a green screen that displays four shades of dark green (gray for the Game Boy Pocket). Like the NES, the Game Boy has two face buttons, start and select, and a cross-shaped direction pad. The console has a single speaker, and it can be used with stereo headphones. As many as four Game Boys can be connected together with the Game Boy Link Cable.

The Game Boy was invented by Gunpei Yokoi, who was also responsible for creating the unsuccessful Virtual Boy and the successful Game & Watch games.

Recently, the Game Boy was compared to all Nintendo handhelds and systems released between 1989 and 2016 to see how long each one's battery life lasted, and the Game Boy beat all the other systems with 30 hours of battery life. The Game Boy provided the most game play at its time and currently still does.


Stomach

The stomach is part of the digestive system. It is an internal organ between the esophagus and the small intestines. The stomach is the third stage in the digestive process. It holds food after ingestion. Food in the stomach then passes through to the small intestine where most of the food's nutrition is absorbed.

The stomach contains hydrochloric acid made by stomach cells. As a useful side-effect, the acid kills bacteria in the food. However, its main function is to help the protein-digesting enzymes called proteases work. In general, the food is churned, squeezed and mixed. This prepares it for digestion. The partially digested food is called chyme.

The stomach acid may cause problems. It can make peptic ulcers worse. It can also cause heartburn—pain in the chest when acid from the stomach "refluxes" (backs up into) the oesophagus. These can usually be treated by neutralizing the acid. Vomiting occurs when food goes back up the oesophagus and out the mouth. Vomiting can be a symptom of disease.

Stomachs of other mammals work differently to human stomachs. Ruminants, for example, have a stomach with multiple compartments.
In that system, food goes through the first part of the digestive system twice, and the work of digesting the grass is done by bacteria.

Other words for "stomach" include "belly" and "tummy". 

Pain

Pain is a symptom of being hurt or sick. It is a bad sensation that is physical "and" emotional.

Most pain starts when part of the body is hurt. Nerves in that part send messages through senses to the brain. Those messages tell the brain that the body is being damaged. Pain is not just the message the nerve sends to the brain. It is the bad emotion felt because of that damage.

The message that the nerve sends to the brain is called "nociception". What is experienced "because of" the nociception is pain.

Pain can be "acute" or "chronic". Acute means it only happens a short time. Chronic means the pain lasts a long time.

Pain can be from different types of injury:

Pain can also happen when there is no underlying injury or cause. Pain can happen just because the nerves do not work right. This is called "neuropathic" pain.

For most pain, the best treatment is to stop the damage that makes the pain. If the ankle is sprained, doctors tell the person not to walk on it. They tell them to put ice on it. This helps the injury stop. For an ulcer in the stomach, doctors stop the acid made in the stomach. This helps the ulcer to heal.

But many kinds of pain also need medicines to feel better. There are many different kinds of medicines for pain:

There are doctors who specialize in pain management. These are usually anesthesiologists but may also have any one of a number of underlying areas of specialization, such as neurology, physiatry, or internal medicine.

A new genetic method of treating chronic pain is in the research stage. The idea is to inactivate (turn off) gene HCN2, which plays a key role in chronic pain. Experiments on mice suggest this will work.



Drain

A drain is found in the ground and lets water go through (usually rainwater) to avoid the street or farmland getting flooded.

Super Mario 64

Super Mario 64 is a 1996 video game created by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64. The game was the first in the "Mario" series that used 3D graphics. Many fans and critics think that it is one of the best video games ever made.

Princess Peach makes a special cake and invites Mario to her castle in the Mushroom Kingdom. As Mario arrives, he learns that Bowser took over the castle and kidnapped Peach. To defeat Bowser and rescue Peach, Mario enters each world by jumping through paintings hanging from a wall. The main area of the game is Peach's castle. The player can unlock doors by collecting stars. There are 120 of them scattered among 15 maps and some secret maps. The player can get each of the stars by completing each of the achievements per level. One world requires two stars, for instance. Each locked door leads to more levels and challenges. Mario can also leave the castle and explore the small courtyard.

"Super Mario 64" was made in less than two years, but it was reported that Shigeru Miyamoto had thought about a 3D "Mario" game, called "Super Mario FX", five years before, while working on "Star Fox". Miyamoto came up with most of the ideas during the era of the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) and thought about using the Super FX chip to make it a SNES game, but decided to build it for the Nintendo 64 due to the SNES's technical limitations. On his Twitter Dylan Cuthbert stated that there was never a "Super Mario FX" game ever made, and that "Super Mario FX" was the internal code name of the FX chip.

Nintendo started making the game with the creation of the characters and camera system. Miyamoto and the other designers were initially unsure of which direction the game should take; months were spent selecting a camera view and layout that would be appropriate. The original concept involved the game having fixed path much like an isometric type game (similar to ""), before the choice was made to settle on a free-roaming 3D design. Although the majority of "Super Mario 64" would end up featuring the free-roaming design, elements of the original fixed path concept would remain in certain parts of the game, particularly in the three Bowser encounters. One of the programmers of "Super Mario 64", Giles Goddard, explained that these few linear elements survived to force players into Bowser's lair rather than to encourage exploration. The development team placed a great amount of attention, time, and effort on getting Mario's movements right. Before levels were created, the team was testing and perfecting Mario's animations on a simple grid. The first test scenario used to try out controls and physics involved Mario and a golden rabbit named "MIPS" by the developers (named for the MIPS-type CPU used by the Nintendo 64), the latter of which was included in the final release of the game as a way to find two of the Power Stars. At first, the developers tried to make the game split screen co-op using both Mario and Luigi. Initially, the two characters would start at separate points in the castle and work their way through the game together. However, developers were unable to make the gameplay work.

Shigeru Miyamoto's guiding design philosophy behind "Super Mario 64" was to "include more details" than found in games prior to the Nintendo 64. Some details were inspired by real life. For example, the Boos are based on assistant director Takashi Tezuka's wife, who, as Miyamoto explained, "is very quiet normally, but one day she exploded, maddened by all the time Tezuka spent at work. In the game, there is now a character which shrinks when Mario looks at it, but when Mario turns away, it will grow large and menacing." "Super Mario 64" is also known for having more puzzles than earlier "Mario" games. It was developed at the same time as "", but as "Ocarina of Time" was released more than two years later, some puzzles were taken from that game for "Super Mario 64".

Information about "Super Mario 64" first leaked out in November 1995, and a playable version of the game was presented days later as part of the world premiere for the Nintendo 64 (then known as Nintendo's "Ultra 64") at Nintendo Space World. The basic controls had at this point been set in place, and the game was reportedly 50% finished, although most of the course design remained. Thirty-two courses were made for the game. Miyamoto thought he would create more, up to 40 courses, not including bonus levels. The actual number turned out much lower in the final game, though, as only 15 courses could fit.

In the original "Super Smash Bros." for the Nintendo 64 console, Princess Toadstool's castle is a playable stage in which the fighters fight on top of the roof.

In "Mario Party", Peach's stage is a large birthday cake which the player can travel through.

In 1999, a sequel, titled Super Mario 64 2, was planned to be released for the Nintendo 64DD (N64 Disk Drive), but it was cancelled, due to the commercial failure of the Nintendo 64DD and unlike its predecessor, Luigi was going to be playable and there would be a multiplayer mode. "Super Mario 64 DS" is a 2004 enhanced remake made for the Nintendo DS console. In this game Mario, Luigi, and Wario all get a letter saying Peach baked a cake for them. Bowser has kidnapped Princess Peach, Mario, Luigi, and Wario and has jailed them in Princess Peach's castle, by Gomboss, King Boo, and Chief Chilly. Yoshi is told that he must save them. Yoshi finds a rabbit and unlocks the door to the castle. When the player finds keys, they save a character, and can play as them. "Super Mario 64 DS" also has a multiplayer wireless versus mode where up to four players can play and minigames which are unlocked by getting keys from rabbits. Here, there are 150 stars, 30 more than the original game.

MP3

MPEG-1 and/or MPEG-2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3) is a lossy data compression format for audio. Using it makes smaller computer files containing digitized music and other sounds.

Many people like to use MP3 files to copy music so they can listen to it on their computer. Record companies do not like it when people use the Internet to share these MP3 files with each other. They think it is a violation of their copyright. The record industries have a trade group called the RIAA that has sued people for sharing music. An Internet website called Napster was shut down because of this. Napster has since re-opened, but does not let people share MP3 files anymore.

In the 1980s, Dieter Seitzer started the development of a code for audio format of high-quality. Together with his team at the "German Fraunhofer Institut" in Erlangen, the professor had the idea to create code with a low bit-rate. The German institute received the patent for MP3 in 1989. MP3 was then passed to the International Organisation for Standardisation. In the same year the MP3 was included into MPEG-1 specification. (MPEG means Moving Picture Experts Group).

The first player for the MP3 format was designed by the same Fraunhofer Institute in 1990's. A Croatian student named "Tomislav Uzelac" developed "AMP MP3 Playback Engine" in 1997. After the player appeared on the Internet, two students named "Justin Frankel" and "Dmitry Boldyrev" transformed it into Winamp. They took the engine of the original player and added the interface of the famous Windows. 

When Winamp was launched into the net for free use it became successful at once. This way began the era of free music download. Soon various programmers started creating additional features for the MP3 player. Very often they created new encoders, rippers (software for transforming audio tracks into MP3 files) and players.

Because there is no need to pay licensing fees in order to build the player, today many software MP3 players are free. Some companies claim to have patents covering the MP3 format, but the validity of these patents is questionable because the format specification was published more than 20 years ago, meaning that any relevant patents would have expired. The most famous MP3 players are "Winamp", "Sonique", "iTunes" and "MusicMatch". The main feature of an MP3 player is to turn the MP3 files into standard audio form and then send them to the soundcard of the computer. The soundcard then outputs the files into speaker so the user can hear them. Every MP3 player interprets music differently, though each one of them uses the same code for playing the MP3 files. There are also stand-alone (without a computer) MP3 players. These may be portable, or they may be built-into a stereo system or car stereo. According to the MPEG standards, MP3 players are supposed to also be able to play MP1 and MP2 files, although many don't.

The MP3 format is a lossy compression format. This means that each time something is compressed with it, some information is lost. This information can not be recovered. When encoding to MP3 (converting some audio data to it), the encoder deletes some not important parts. The human ear can not hear certain sounds if they are masked by other sounds. This means that when encoding certain sound samples, some sounds can be left out as they will not be heard. This makes it possible to compress audio by a factor of about 5, without noticeable change to the sound of the music. With slight audible changes to the sound, compression factors of about 10 are possible.

When compressing, for each frame a small section of audio, the encoder first splits the audio into 32 different parts using a filter bank, similar to MP2. The audio is then split further into either 192 or 576 different parts (depending on the complexity of the audio being compressed more complex audio is split into "fewer" parts using the modified discrete cosine transform. The MP3 encoder then removes parts that it thinks the human ear cannot hear. The remaining parts are then compressed using Huffman coding. Decompression does these same steps except removal of parts of the audio in reverse.

Other formats for audio compression are Ogg Vorbis, and FLAC. Ogg Vorbis is very similar to MP3, although it has many improvements. FLAC is a lossless compression meaning no information is lost, and gets compression rates of 2-3.




King Crimson

King Crimson were a progressive rock band. They formed in England in 1968. Their music is usually called progressive rock, but they also have jazz, gamelan, classical music, heavy metal and experimental music in their sound. Their music has influenced a lot of bands and styles of music. King Crimson are most well known for their first album, "In the Court of the Crimson King", which helped create progressive rock. Only one person has been in the band since they started, guitarist Robert Fripp. 

In 1967, drummer Michael Giles and his brother, Peter, a bass guitar player, started a band with Robert Fripp. They recorded one album called The Cheerful Insanity of Giles, Giles and Fripp. This album did not do very well, and a lot of critics wrote bad reviews of it. After this, Ian Mcdonald joined playing keyboards, reeds, and woodwind instruments. Ian McDonald's friend, Peter Sinfield, joined to write lyrics, and Greg Lake replaced Peter Giles on bass guitar. Then they bought a mellotron, which helped them sound more like classical music. They changed their name to King Crimson, and did their first show in Hyde Park, London in 1969. Their first CD, In the Court of the Crimson King, was a huge success. Their original style impressed fans and critics.

Micheal Giles and Ian Mcdonald left the band to do solo work. The three of them still in the band, Robert Fripp, Peter Sinfield, and Greg Lake, released the single "Catfood/Groon". On the next album, woodwind player Mel Collins, singer Gordon Haskell, and Peter Giles all helped record a few songs with the band. King Crimson released their second album, In the Wake of Poseidon, in 1970. It was not very popular because it sounded too much like the first album.


Fleetwood Mac

Fleetwood Mac are a British-American rock band that formed in London, England in 1967. The group was started by Peter Green. The original group included Mick Fleetwood, John McVie, Jeremy Spencer and Bob Brunning. In 1968 Danny Kirwan joined the band. He was then an 18-year-old guitarist and singer. Peter Green left and, in 1971 was replaced by Christine and John McVie plus Bob Welch. When Welch left he was replaced by Americans Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks. The band became famous with the release of the album "Fleetwood Mac".


The Yardbirds

The Yardbirds are a English blues band. They formed in the 1960s. They are famous for having the guitarists, Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck, and Jimmy Page. Eric Clapton left the band after they turned from a blues band to a pop band, in keeping with the moving trend of music in the 1960s. He suggested Jimmy Page, who had been a studio musician at the time (performing on records for many stars but not being a member of a specific band). Unwilling to give up his career as a studio musician, Page suggested Jeff Beck. Shortly thereafter, Page joined the band, playing bass and lead guitar. 

Towards the end of the '60s, the Yardbirds broke up while in the middle of a tour. Page wanted to keep the band going, and eventually put together a band called "The New Yardbirds" consisting of vocalist Robert Plant, bassist John Paul Jones, and drummer John "Bonzo" Bonham. This group would soon gain a new name, allegedly taken from a quote by Who drummer Keith Moon. Moon had said previously said that their band would go over "like a lead zeppelin," and the name "Led Zeppelin" stuck.

Grateful Dead

The Grateful Dead was a rock band that formed in Palo Alto, California, United States in the 1965. They are known for their concerts, and devoted followers called "Deadheads". The band and their music are sometimes associated with the hippie and drug cultures. Their music style is psychedelic rock combined with other kinds of music like blues, country, folk, and bluegrass. They are also known for their artwork and logos, which include skeletons and dancing bears.

They were named number 57 on Rolling Stone's "100 Greatest Artists of All Time "and added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994. They have sold more than 35 million records worldwide and they have played for 25 million people, more than any other band.

The group were together from 1965 to 1995, when Jerry Garcia, the group's lead guitarist and singer, who was seen by many people as the group's leader, died. The other members were Bob Weir (guitar and singing), Phil Lesh (bass guitar), Ron "Pigpen" McKernan (keyboards, harmonica, and singing) and Bill Kreutzmann (drums). All of these members were in the group the entire time, they were together, except for McKernan who died in 1973. Other main members of the band were Mickey Hart (drums 1967 to 1971 and 1974 to 1995), Keith Godchaux (keyboards 1971 to 1979), his wife Donna Godchaux (singing 1972 to 1979), Brent Mydland (keyboards 1979 to 1990), and Vince Welnick (keyboards 1990 to 1995).

The group was known for their stage shows, which included improvising or "jamming" with their song and instruments, some Deadheads have recorded and collected many of these shows on tape.

Johnny Winter

John Dawson Winter III (February 23, 1944 – July 16, 2014) was an American albino blues musician from Beaumont, Texas. His brother, Edgar Winter, is also a famous musician. He also worked as producer and produced two Grammy winning albums of Muddy Waters (Hard again, I´m ready).

He died in his hotel room in Zurich, Switzerland, aged 70. It happened two days after his last performance there. The cause of his death is currently unknown.





Edgar Winter

Edgar Holland Winter (born December 28, 1946) is an albino musician and record producer from Beaumont, Texas. He is the brother of Johnny Winter who is also a famous musician. He mostly plays keyboards and the saxophone.


Albinism

Albinism is a condition some people, animals, and plants are born with. This condition is caused by a lack of pigment melanin (colour) in their hair, eyes, and skin. A person or animal with albinism is called an albino. Many albino people prefer to be called a "person with albinism". There are ten different types of albinism.

People with albinism can have white or light blonde hair. They can have very pale skin. Their eyes are blue, or rarely pink-ish. People with albinism can have problems such as bad vision, increased sweat and getting sunburnt easily. This is because people with albinism have less pigments in their eyes, skin and hair.

Albinism is rare in the United States. One out of every 20,000 people in the United States has albinism. There are about 15,945 people in the United States who have albinism.

Vision problems in albinism include nystagmus (irregular fast movements of the eyes), strabismus (where the eyes fail to balance) and refractory errors (like being "near-sighted" or "far-sighted").

In most environments, Albino animals are more easily seen and so may be attacked by predators. They lack the camouflage that the non-albino members of their species have. Also, where colour is a factor in mate selection, they may be at a disadvantage there, too.

Albinism is a hereditary condition. It is usually inherited in a recessive pattern; it means, both parents have to give the albinism gene to a child to cause albinism. Parents pass on pairs of genes to their children. One of the pairs of genes is in charge of making melanin. If both of these genes are flawed, then little or no pigment is made. If only one gene is flawed then pigment can still be made.



Paco de Lucía

Paco de Lucia (real name: Francisco Sanchez Gomez, (21 December 1947 25 February 2014) was a Spanish Flamenco guitar player. He was born in Algeciras, Andalusia. He died in Cancún, Mexico from a heart attack. 

Hearing

Hearing is one of the five senses. Ears detect vibrations in the air. These vibrations are sounds. Most animals can hear. Most land vertebrates hear through ears. Fish hear in several different ways. Many use their swim bladder to hear, and many use their lateral line.

In mammals, sound travels through three main parts of the ear to be heard. These are the outer, middle and inner ear.


Bhutan

Bhutan (officially called Kingdom of Bhutan) is a small landlocked country in the Himalaya mountains of South Asia. It is ruled by King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck, who has been king since 2006. Bhutan was founded in 1644 by Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyel. The Bhutanese people are proud that they have always been an independent country. Bhutan's capital city is Thimphu. The official language is Dzongkha.

About 700,000 people live in Bhutan. The people and government of Bhutan are proud of their culture which is based on Tibetan Buddhism. 97% of Bhutan's people are Buddhist.

Until 1974, Bhutan was closed to the outside world. Now people can visit the country, but only in small numbers. The only airport is in Paro District. The country is bordered on the south by the Republic of India and on the north by China. The Indian state of Sikkim separates Bhutan and Nepal. The main export of Bhutan is hydroelectricity which is sold to India. The economy of Bhutan is very small but is growing quickly. The currency is the Ngultrum, which is pegged at par with the Indian rupee.

Bhutan is the only carbon-neutral and carbon-negative country in the entire world.

The Royal Bhutan Army is Bhutan's military service. It includes the Royal Bodyguard and the Royal Bhutan Police. Membership is voluntary, and the minimum age for recruitment is 18. The standing army numbers about 16,000 and is trained by the Indian Army. Being a landlocked country, Bhutan has no navy. It also has no air force or army aviation corps. The Army relies on Eastern Air Command of the Indian Air Force for air assistance.

More than 770 species of bird and 5,400 species of plants are known to occur throughout the kingdom. Bhutan has a rich primate life with rare species such as the golden langur.

Bhutan is divided into 20 districts. Locally these are named "dzongkhags". The districts are:

The major cities of Bhutan are:

Bhutan's national sport is archery. Competitions are held regularly in most villages. Cricket has gained popularity in Bhutan, particularly since the introduction of television channels from India. The Bhutan national cricket team is one of the more successful affiliate nations in the region. Football is also an increasingly popular sport.



Caucasian race

Caucasoid was a word for a person from Europe, Middle East, Central Asia, North Africa, Horn of Africa and the mainland countries of East Asia like China, Japan and Korea along with most of Siberia. The group of these persons was called "Caucasoid race" or Caucasian race. In former times people divided race into 6 categories European (White), Asian, Middle Eastern, Pacific Islander, Hispanic and African (Black). While many scientists today all agree there are not 6 but only 3 race categories. Contrary to popular belief, the term ‘Caucasian’ in the United States is interchangeably used to address European Americans of Nordic, Germanic (blonde haired blue eyed) and Latin (red haired) stereotypes while not utilizing its true meaning. The three human races are "White (Caucasian)," "Brown", and "Black". Today, scientists agree there is 3 races. Modern genetic research has shown that the idea of 6 races was wrong.

German anthropologist Johann Friedrich Blumenbach (1752 – 1840) invented the name "Caucasian race" because he saw a connection to the Caucasus Mountains. 

In the United States, white people are often called "Caucasian". But the "Caucasian race" included people with a skin from white to dark brown.

Some persons in the pictures have white skin, others have brown skin. But in former times, scientists saw all persons in the pictures as members of the "Caucasian race".

Voice

A voice is used when a person speaks or sings. It describes human communication, rather than that of animals. 

The sound of the voice is carried by the air, and can be heard. A vocal sound is made when air is passed over the vocal cords, so making a meaningful sound. If a person has no voice, the condition is called muteness. 

The musical part of a song that is sung by a person using their voice is called vocals. 

Many terrestrial animals make sounds, especially those that are vertebrates. By extension, this might be called their voice, but another term is "animal sounds". That includes a wider range of noises which animals may produce. 

James Madison

James Madison Jr. (March 16, 1751 – June 28, 1836) was a Founding Father and the fourth president of the United States from 1809 to 1817. He was also the most important author of the United States Constitution and a slaveowner with a big plantation. Madison was the shortest president, with a height of .

James Madison Jr. was the eldest son of Col. James Madison Sr. and Nellie Conway Madison.

Madison married Dolley Todd (née Payne) on April 18, 1794.

Madison started his career in the Virginia state legislature. Madison learned many things from Thomas Jefferson. Madison wanted a stronger federal government of the United States than the Articles of Confederation provided. He was a member of the meeting that formed the current United States Constitution. Madison is called the "Father of the Constitution" because he helped write a large part of it and persuaded people that it was a good one.

Madison was elected to the United States House of Representatives. Madison helped write the first laws for the United States. Madison also was the main writer of the Bill of Rights, the first 10 amendments to the Constitution.

Madison and Jefferson were good friends and helped create the Democratic-Republican Party who wanted a weak federal government.

Madison was selected by Jefferson to be his Secretary of State.

Madison was selected by his political party to be the Democratic-Republican candidate for president in 1808. He won that election and the next election in 1812.

The War of 1812 started while Madison was president. Madison still hoped for peace, but Congress wanted war so he gave in and approved a declaration of war against Britain on June 18, 1812. People who still wanted peace called it "Mr Madison's War". Madison and his family were forced to flee in 1814 when British forces seized control of Washington D.C and burned the White House, and many other buildings, to the ground. Dolley Madison, his wife, famously saved a portrait of George Washington from the fire.

The war caused Madison to want a stronger government than he had before. While he originally was against a national bank, he realized that it was necessary and it was necessary for funding a war. When the charter of the national bank expired, Madison renewed it.

Madison retired to Virginia after his second term. Madison died on June 28, 1836.


James Monroe

James Monroe (April 28, 1758 – July 4, 1831) was the fifth president of the United States. He mostly agreed with Thomas Jefferson and James Madison, the two presidents before him. Many cities have been named Monroe. Monrovia, the capital of Liberia, is also named after him.

Monroe was born in Virginia. When James was 16, his father died. At age 18, he joined the Continental Army. He later studied law with Thomas Jefferson.

He married Elizabeth Kotright in 1789.

Monroe was an anti-federalist; he did not want the United States Constitution to pass. He was elected to the United States Senate in 1790. He helped form the Democratic-Republican Party with Jefferson and James Madison.

Monroe was Governor of Virginia from 1799 to 1802.

Monroe went to Paris to help negotiate the Louisiana Purchase, and later became Ambassador to Great Britain.

Monroe was Madison's Secretary of State and Secretary of War.

Monroe was president from 1817 to 1825. With his Secretary of State John Quincy Adams, Monroe got Spain to give the United States Florida. Monroe and Adams also created the Monroe Doctrine, which was a policy that said that the United States did not want Europe to be involved in the Western Hemisphere anymore.

Monroe signed the Missouri Compromise. The compromise was to delay the slavery issue in the United States. Monroe was the last president to have fought in the American Revolutionary War and the last one to be one of the Founding Fathers of the United States.

Monroe retired to Virginia. After his wife's death he moved to New York where he died on July 4, 1831 of tuberculosis.


Martin Van Buren

Martin Van Buren (December 5, 1782 – July 24, 1862) was the eighth president of the United States. He was the first president born after the United States Declaration of Independence, making him the first president who was born as a U.S. citizen after 1776.

Van Buren was born in Kinderhook, New York, in 1782. Van Buren studied law by working for Francis Sylvester and later became a lawyer in 1803. In 1821 he was elected as a member of the United States Senate, representing New York. President Andrew Jackson selected him as the Secretary of State in 1827. In 1832, he became vice President of the United States of America for Jackson, and in 1836, he became the 8th president of the United States. During most of the time he was president, the economy was in very bad shape, and he was blamed for it. He was the first president to have been born a United States citizen, since all of his predecessors were born British subjects before the American Revolution.

Van Buren lost the next presidential election in 1840 to William Henry Harrison. In 1848, he ran again to be president as a part of the Free Soil Party, but he did not win. Van Buren died on July 24, 1862, of heart failure after suffering from an asthma attack, on his Lindenwald estate.

Martin Van Buren was born on December 5, 1782 in Kinderhook, New York, south of Albany. Van Buren was the third born of five children. His father, Abraham Van Buren, was a farmer and a tavern owner. His mother was Maria Hoes Van Buren, the granddaughter of a Dutch immigrant. Martin Van Buren went to school at the Kinderhook Academy in the village where he lived. At Kinderhook Academy, he excelled in English and Latin. Van Buren left the school when he was 14 years old.

In 1796, Van Buren started working in the law office of Francis Sylvester, an attorney that worked in Kinderhook. He kept the office clean, copied documents and did other jobs. While he was working there, he learned about law. After six years under Sylvester, he spent a final year of apprenticeship in the New York City office of William P. Van Ness. Van Buren passed the New York State Bar Exam in 1803, and became a lawyer.

After becoming a lawyer, Van Buren moved back to Kinderhook to work as an attorney with his half-brother, James J. Van Alen, in 1803.

Five years later, Van Buren became the surrogate (legal officer) of Columbia County. There was no fixed term of office. That is, Van Buren would be there until the opposition party was able to elect someone else in his place. Van Buren held the office about five years until he was removed on March 19, 1813.

Van Buren represented New York in the United States Senate from 1821 to 1828. He left the Senate to become the governor of New York in 1829. On March 5, 1829 after he became the governor, President Andrew Jackson made Van Buren the Secretary of State, so Van Buren was only the governor for two months.

From 1833 to 1837, he was the Vice President. (Jackson was still President at this time.) He was also a leading member of and gained much voting support by the Free Soil Party.

Just a few months after Van Buren became president, there was a financial crisis called the Panic of 1837. Van Buren believed in limited government, and did not respond in a way that many people wanted. Even though it was probably Jackson's fault, many people blamed Van Buren for the economy becoming worse, and this made him less popular. He earned the nicknames "Little Magician" and the "Red Fox" for his cunning politics.

Van Buren married Hannah Hoes, a cousin, on February 21, 1807. They had five children together: Abraham, John, Martin Jr., Smith, and Winfield Scott.

After the presidency, Van Buren remained active in politics. He was able to outlive the four presidents that came after him. In 1848, Van Buren ran for president again with the Free Soil Party. However, he lost that election. Van Buren remained critical of many things like the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850. He supported Franklin Pierce in 1852, James Buchanan in 1856 and Stephen A. Douglas in 1860. As the American Civil War began in 1861, former president Franklin Pierce told Van Buren he should make a meeting with all the former presidents to try and make a solution. However, Van Buren said James Buchanan or Pierce should do it, but no one did. Van Buren supported the Union during the war.

Martin Van Buren developed pneumonia in the fall of 1861. Due to this, he was bedridden. In July, 1862, Van Buren had a serious asthma attack and began to weaken. Van Buren died on July 24, 1862, at his home in Kinderhook, New York, of heart failure. He was 79 years old.

South Holland

South Holland is a province in the west of the Netherlands. It is called "Zuid-Holland" in Dutch. It is surrounded by the North Sea and the provinces North Holland, Utrecht, Gelderland, North Brabant, and Zeeland. About 3,805,000 people are living in South Holland (2023).

The biggest cities are Rotterdam and The Hague. The Hague is the capital of the province. The Hague is also the administrative capital of the Netherlands. That means that the parliament is there.

Rotterdam has the largest port of Europe. Leiden, Gouda, and Delft have town centers with many old buildings. Zoetermeer is a quite new city. Most of it was built in the 1970s. Another important city is Dordrecht.

In South Holland there are some typical Dutch landscapes. Near Leiden there is a region that is known as the "Bollenstreek" ("bulb district"). In springtime many large fields with flowers can be found here. These fields are called "bulb fields". Near Rotterdam there is a small village called Kinderdijk with 19 windmills near each other.

The area south of The Hague is called Westland. Here are many greenhouses.

The south of the province has many islands. The largest of them are Voorne-Putten, Goeree-Overflakkee, IJsselmonde, the Hoeksche Waard and the island of Dordrecht. These big islands are connected by bridges and/or tunnels.

The most important rivers and other bodies of waters are Nieuwe Maas, Nieuwe Waterweg, Oude Maas, Haringvliet, and Hollands Diep.

Grand Theft Auto

Grand Theft Auto is a series of action-adventure games created by David Jones and Mike Dailly. Later titles were developed under the oversight of brothers Dan and Sam Houser, Leslie Benzies and Aaron Garbut. It is primarily developed by British development house Rockstar North (formerly DMA Design), and published by its American parent company, Rockstar Games. The name of the series references the term "grand theft auto", used in the United States for motor vehicle theft.

Gameplay focuses on an open world where the player can complete missions to progress an overall story, as well as engage in various side activities. Most of the gameplay revolves around driving and shooting, with occasional role-playing and stealth elements. The series also has elements of the earlier beat 'em up games from the 16-bit era. The games in the "Grand Theft Auto" series are set in fictional locales modelled after real-life cities, at various points in time from the early 1960s to the 2010s. The original game's map encompassed three cities—Liberty City (based on New York City), San Andreas (based on San Francisco), and Vice City (based on Miami)—but later titles tend to focus on a single setting; usually one of the original three locales, albeit remodelled and significantly expanded. The series centres on different protagonists who attempt to rise through the ranks of the criminal underworld, although their motives for doing so vary in each title. The antagonists are commonly characters who have betrayed the protagonist or their organisation, or characters who have the most impact impeding the protagonist's progress. Several film and music veterans have voiced characters in the games, including Ray Liotta, Dennis Hopper, Samuel L. Jackson, William Fichtner, James Woods, Debbie Harry, Axl Rose and Peter Fonda.

DMA Design began the series in 1997, with the release of the "Grand Theft Auto". , the series consists of seven standalone titles and four expansion packs. The third main title, "Grand Theft Auto III", released in 2001, is considered a landmark game, as it brought the series to a three-dimensional (3D) setting and more immersive experience. Subsequent titles have followed and built upon the concept established in "Grand Theft Auto III", and received significant acclaim. They have influenced other open-world action games, and led to the label "Grand Theft Auto" clone on similar titles.

The series has been critically acclaimed, with all the main 3D entries in the franchise frequently ranked among the greatest and best-selling video games; it has shipped more than 385 million units, making it one of the best-selling video game franchise. In 2006, "Grand Theft Auto" was featured in a list of British design icons in the Great British Design Quest organised by the BBC and the Design Museum. In 2013, "The Telegraph" ranked "Grand Theft Auto" among Britain's most successful exports. The series has also been controversial for its adult nature and violent themes.

There has been a lot of controversy about these games. Many people do not like how the player can murder random people, and sleep with prostitutes. Because of this, all 3D GTA games have been rated Mature so far.



Black Eyed Peas

The Black Eyed Peas are an American musical group from Los Angeles, California. Over the years their music has included hip hop, R&B, dance and Latin. The group currently has three members: Will.i.am, apl.de.ap, Taboo.


Before they became popular, the group's members were will.i.am, apl.de.ap, Taboo and backing vocalist Kim Hill. Hill left the group in 2000 and was replaced in 2003 by Fergie. They first became popular with the single "Where Is the Love" and the album "Elephunk" and their next album, "Monkey Business" was also successful. They have more recently released "The E.N.D.", an album that has had the successful singles "Boom Boom Pow", "I Gotta Feeling" and "Meet Me Halfway".


PlayStation Portable

The PlayStation Portable, or PSP, is Sony's first video game console to be released as a handheld. Designed and developed by Sony in Japan, it was first released there on December 12, 2004. It was later released in North America on March 24, 2005, and in Europe on September 1, 2005. It was first announced in 2003 at E3. Its first design was shown off the following year. In addition to video games, the PSP can also be used for playing or displaying music, video, and pictures. To transfer data to a PSP, a USB cable must be used in order to send these files from another device, such as a computer. Games, as well as movies, were released for the PSP on the "Universal Media Disc" (UMD), a specially designed optical disc contained within a plastic enclosure. The UMD can hold up to 1.8 GB of data, far more than a CD, but still less than a DVD. A Memory Stick Pro Duo can be used for additional data storage. The PlayStation Portable is the first handheld game console to use a disc as its media storage instead of a cartridge.

On January 31, 2014, shipments of the PlayStation Portable ceased in North America. Shipments ceased in Japan on June 30, 2014, and in Europe by the end of 2014.

There are over 700 games for the PSP. The movies look like the DVD. The reason the PSP can have movies is because the disc (Universal Media Disc) has a lot of memory space. In many countries, "Spider-Man 2" (the movie) was included for free with the console.

The PSP has built in Wi-Fi. This allows players who are traveling to download items, surf the web and play online. The PlayStation Portable can also connect with the PlayStation 3 as a sort of remote control for movie playback and for downloading content.

There are five versions of the PlayStation Portable, the PSP-1000 (also known as "PSP fat"), PSP-2000 ("slim and light" edition, a lighter version of the original PSP), PSP-3000 ("bright and light" edition, that includes a built in microphone and improved LCD), PSP-N1000 (or PSP Go, with a sliding screen design, bluetooth and internal storage of 16GB replacing the UMD drive.) and PSP-E1000 (similar to PSP-3000, but without stereo sound, Wi-Fi and microphone).
Sony subsequently released the successor to the PSP, the PlayStation Vita, in Japan on December 17, 2011 and starting worldwide on February 22, 2012.

The PlayStation Portable is similar to the Nintendo DS, because they are both for games you can take with you. However, Nintendo and Sony said they were made for different people. The DS has sold more units than the PSP.

PSP

PSP may refer to:

Abortion

An abortion is when a pregnancy is ended early, without the natural birth of the child.

A developing human usually takes about thirty-nine weeks to grow and be born. Normally, this occurs about forty weeks after the mother's last menstrual period. This developing human is called an "embryo" for the first eight weeks of the pregnancy, and "fetus" for the rest of the pregnancy. Abortion causes the embryo or fetus to die.

When an abortion occurs naturally, it is often called a miscarriage. Humans can also choose to end the pregnancy before birth takes place. This is called an "induced abortion". The term "abortion" often refers only to an induced abortion.

In both types of abortion, the embryo or fetus usually comes out of the womb. This is called a "complete" abortion. In some cases, the embryo or fetus remains inside the womb. This is called a "missed" abortion. Surgery is needed to remove the embryo or fetus from the womb so the woman does not get an infection.

Different countries have different laws regarding induced abortion. While abortion is illegal in many countries, there are often exceptions that permit it in cases such as family incest, rape, the fetus having severe disabilities or the mother's health being at risk.

People speak of "spontaneous abortion" or "miscarriage" when the embryo or fetus is lost due to natural causes before the 20th week of pregnancy. A pregnancy that ends this way, but that is between 20 and 37 weeks old is known as "premature birth" if the baby is born alive. If the fetus dies in the womb after 20 weeks, or while it is born, this is known as "stillbirth". Premature births and stillbirths are generally not considered to be miscarriages.

Spontaneous abortions (miscarriages) are common. About fifteen percent of pregnancies end in spontaneous abortion. In many cases, the woman is not even aware she was pregnant. The pregnancy is only a few days or weeks old and the woman believes the miscarriage is just her menses. About twenty-five percent of all women will have a spontaneous abortion during their lives.

Most miscarriages occur very early. Between ten and fifty percent of pregnancies end with a miscarriage,
where the mother or the doctors are aware of it. These figures depend on the age and health of the pregnant woman. Most spontaneous abortions occur so early in the pregnancy that the woman is not even aware that she was pregnant. One particular study showed that 61.9% of pregnancies end in miscarriage before 12 weeks. In 91.7% of these miscarriages, the woman did not know she was pregnant.

The risk of spontaneous abortion decreases sharply after the 10th week of pregnancy, with a loss rate between 8.5 weeks LMP and birth of about two percent; pregnancy loss is “virtually complete by the end of the embryonic period."

Those people who have already had several spontaneous or induced abortions run a greater risk of having a spontaneous one. Those with certain diseases, and those over the age 35 also run a greater risk. Other causes for abortions can be the infection of either the woman or embryo/fetus, or their immune response. Certain diseases or an accidental trauma can also cause a spontaneous abortion. Putting the woman under trauma or stress to cause miscarriage is considered induced abortion. Some countries call this feticide.

Most miscarriages are due to problems with the copying of chromosomes, but some are caused by environmental factors. When a human is conceived, it gets 23 chromosomes from its mother and 23 from its father. If it does not get the right number its development happens wrong (it does not grow right.) It may have many bad birth defects.

Most embryos and fetuses with chromosome problems will not live for a long time. They die very early. There are a few chromosome problems that babies can sometimes be born with. For example, Down syndrome happens when there are three copies of chromosome #21. (Usually people have 2 of every chromosome.) This is called "trisomy 21" (tri- means 3.)

The most common symptom is bleeding from the vagina. This can be very little blood (less blood than a normal menses.) It can be very much blood (much more than a normal menses.)
Some women have bad pains in their low abdomen when they have a miscarriage. This is sometimes like the pain of menses. It can be much worse. Or a woman may have no pain at all. If the pregnancy is many weeks old, the woman may see the embryo or fetus when it comes out. But if it is less than 12 weeks old a woman may not see anything but blood.

Usually, no treatment is needed for a miscarriage. However, sometimes some pregnancy tissue remains in the womb after the miscarriage and must be removed. Sometimes doctors do a surgical abortion. This is the same kind of surgery that is done for induced abortions. Doctors can also prescribe women medicines that can help the miscarriage finish without needing surgery.

An induced abortion is when things are done to end the pregnancy on purpose. These things are normally done by doctors. In countries where abortion can be done legally, it is often done by specialists who know a lot about women's bodies (gynecologists). Abortions done illegally are often performed by people without this special knowledge. This makes them more dangerous. Such abortions are usually called unsafe abortions, back-alley abortions or DIY abortions, mainly because the risk to the health of the mother is much higher than with abortions carried out by skilled doctors.

There can be medical reasons why an abortion is performed. These include:

There are two different kinds of induced abortions. The type of abortion that is done depends on a few different things, like what the woman wants, what her doctor thinks is best, and how far along a woman is in her pregnancy (how long she has been pregnant).

One type of induced abortion is called a "medical abortion" or a "medication abortion". In this type of abortion, a doctor gives the woman one or two medications that will end her pregnancy. A medication abortion can only be done early on in the pregnancy. This is because the medications that are used work best when they are started as early as possible, and after a woman has been pregnant for about two months, the medications usually do not work very well. Because of this, medication abortion usually is not used after a woman has been pregnant for 9 weeks. Some of the benefits (or reasons why some women choose this type of abortion) are that it can be started as soon as a woman realizes she is pregnant; it does not require anesthesia; and the woman does not have to have a procedure in a hospital or clinic to have the fetus removed, like with the other kind of abortion that is done. After a woman is given the medication or medications that end her pregnancy, the abortion happens like a "spontaneous" abortion or a miscarriage. (The woman passes the fetus, along with the blood and tissue that have built up in the uterus, from her vagina.)

The most common medications that are used for medication abortions are mifepristone and misoprostol. First, a doctor gives the woman mifepristone, which is sometimes also called "RU-468" or "the abortion pill". This drug blocks the hormone progesterone in the body. Without progesterone, the embryo cannot survive. The lining of the uterus becomes thinner, and the embryo cannot grow or stay attached to the lining of the uterus. After a few days, a doctor gives the woman misoprostol. This makes the uterus contract (or get smaller) and the embryo is expelled from (or pushed out of) the uterus through the woman's vagina. Sometimes, another medication, called methotrexate, is used along with misoprostol in medication abortions. A woman is given methotrexate, usually as a shot in a doctor's office, and the drug stops the embryo from staying attached to the lining of the uterus. Then misoprostol is given a few days later.

With the second type of abortion - called "surgical abortion" or "in-office abortion" - a doctor does a procedure that removes an embryo or fetus from the woman's uterus. This kind of abortion can be done in different ways, depending on how long the woman has been pregnant. Surgical abortion is simpler, and there are fewer problems that can happen, if it is done earlier on in the pregnancy. The most common form is called an "aspiration abortion" or a "suction curettage." This can be done in a doctor's office or clinic. First the woman's cervix (the top part of the uterus) is dilated (or made bigger). A medical tool is used to suction out everything inside the woman's uterus, including the fetus. If the woman has been pregnant for more than 12 weeks, the doctor first has to dilate the cervix (or make the cervix bigger), usually by putting small sticks into the cervix to help it open up. If another tool, called a curette, has to be used to scrape out tissue that is still inside the uterus, then this form of abortion is sometimes called a "dilation and curettage" (or "D&C").

A pregnancy that ends without a child being born also may cause some problems to the woman this happens to. There are two broad groups of things that can happen:

Abortion is safer than childbirth if it is done before the 16th week of pregnancy and it is done by a professional. Certain methods of abortion are pretty safe, and complications are rare. Generally, stopping a pregnancy that has gone on longer is riskier.

Women usually feel a small amount of pain during first-trimester abortion. In a 1979 study of 2,299 patients, 97% reported having some amount of pain. Patients rated the pain as being less than earache or toothache, but more than headache or backache.

Local and general anesthesias are used during the abortion.

Few studies have been done to see if an abortion affects the woman psychologically, or mentally. Those that have been done give contradictory results. One study looked at 13.000 women who had become pregnant even though they did not want to. The study found that having an induced abortion does not increase the risk of getting mental health problems; the group that was compared were women who also did not want to have a baby, but who did not have an abortion. Other studies showed similar results: women who had an abortion did better in school or at work after the abortion. Another study showed that women who had an abortion had a higher self-esteem and felt better than those who did not.

Many women who had an abortion felt better afterwards, they also felt relieved. They would do it again in a similar situation.

A study done in New Zealand in 2006 showed that many women who had an abortion developed severe depression up to 4 years after they had the abortion. They were also more likely to have problems with alcohol and illegal drugs than those women who did not have an abortion. The person who oversaw the study later told media that given these results it would be very hard to say that having an abortion has no psychological effects on the woman who has it. He called the abortion "a traumatic experience".

Both spontaneous and induced abortions have some risk for the woman.

If a bad thing happens because of a surgery or medicine that a doctor gives, or because of a miscarriage, it is called a "complication". Complications of abortions can be infection, bleeding, pain. There may or may not be problems getting pregnant again; this is still being researched. In places where induced abortions are legal less than 1% of induced abortions have a bad complication. If doctors do induced abortions, the risk to the woman is less than the risk of complications of childbirth (giving birth to a baby). In places where induced abortions are legal, less women have complications of induced abortion than in places where induced abortion is illegal. This is because induced abortions that are not done by doctors have much more risks. For example, after induced abortions became legal in the United States in 1973, less women died from having abortions. In the United States in 2000, 11 women died from the complications of legal abortion. The risk of death from a legal abortion is 1/100 of the risk of an appendectomy. The risk of death from an injection (shot) of penicillin (an antibiotic) is bigger than the risk of death from a legal abortion.

There can be emotional problems for the woman after a spontaneous or induced abortion. She may feel sad, angry, or guilty that she had a miscarriage or asked for an abortion. She may think she has done something that made the miscarriage happen, or that having an abortion was the wrong thing to do, and because of this she may feel intense grief. There are many places where women can get help dealing with these feelings.

Some women who have induced abortions may get criticism from friends or family who have different beliefs. When scientists look at this in research studies, however, they do not usually see that women have emotional problems after induced abortions. In 1987, President Ronald Reagan told the Surgeon General of the US to look at this question. Both president Reagan and the Surgeon General C. Everett Koop did not think abortion was right. Dr Koop looked at 250 papers that scientists wrote in scientific journals. Dr Koop said that the science we know does not show that induced abortions cause emotional problems for women who have them.

The number of induced abortions done are different for different parts of the world. This is also true for the reasons why women decide to have an abortion. Estimates are that about 46 million induced abortions are done worldwide, every year. 26 million of them occur in places where abortion is legal, 20 million happen in countries where it is illegal to have an abortion. Some countries, like Belgium (11.2 per 100 known pregnancies) and the Netherlands (10.6 per 100) have a low rate of induced abortion. Others, like Russia (62.6 per 100) and Vietnam (43.7 per 100) have a comparatively high rate. Overall, there are 26 induced abortions per 100 known pregnancies.

WHO estimated in 2001 that every year, about 210 million women get pregnant, and that there are about 135 mililon live births. The remaining 75 million cases are miscarriages or induced abortions. About forty percent of pregnancies are unplanned, and about a fifth of the pregnant women decide to end the pregnancy early. This results in about 42 million abortions per year. About 20 million of these are legal, the rest are against the law. Most of the illegal abortions are performed by those who are not medically qualified, often with poor hygiene, which often threaten the lives of the women. The WHO estimated that about 47.000 women died in 2008 because of illegal abortions. This number was lower than the estimate of 1990, mainly because in South America, women opted to take drugs to end the pregnancy.

Abortion rates vary. The length the pregnancy has gone on, and the method used to do the abortion influence these rates. According to data collected in the United States, 88.2% of abortions were done in the first twelve weeks of pregnancy, 10.4% between week 13 and week 20 of the pregnancy. The remaining 1.4% were done in week 21 or later.

90.9% were done by curettage, 7.7% were medical abortions (using drugs, mifepristone in most cases), 0.4% by "intrauterine instillation" (saline or prostaglandin), and 1.0% by "other" (including hysterotomy and hysterectomy). The Guttmacher Institute estimated there were 2,200 intact dilation and extraction procedures in the U.S. during 2000 - 0.17% of the total number of abortions performed that year. Similarly, in England and Wales in 2006, 89% of terminations occurred at or under 12 weeks, 9% between 13 and 19 weeks, and 1.5% at or over 20 weeks. 64% of those reported were by vacuum aspiration, 6% by D&E, and 30% were medical. Later abortions are more common in China, India, and other developing countries than in developed countries.

In 1998, a study was done in 27 countries. This study wanted to find the reasons, why women wanted to end their pregnancy. It found that women often gave one of the following reasons:

A different study, done in the United States in 2004 came to similar conclusions.

Women who had an abortion in Finland and the United States usually did not state that the pregnancy posed a risk to their health. In Bangladesh, India and Kenya, however, more such women thought the pregnancy was a risk to their health. 1% of women in the 2004 survey-based U.S. study became pregnant as a result of rape and 0.5% as a result of incest. Another American study in 2002 concluded that 54% of women who had an abortion were using a form of contraception at the time of becoming pregnant. Inconsistent use was reported by 49% of those using condoms and 76% of those using the combined oral contraceptive pill; 42% of those using condoms reported failure through slipping or breakage. The Guttmacher Institute estimated that "most abortions in the United States are obtained by minority women" because minority women "have much higher rates of unintended pregnancy."

Some women have an abortion because the society they live in pressures them to.
Any of these factors might force a pregnant woman to have an abortion.

Induced abortion is not legal in every place. In some countries, a doctor who does an induced abortion is committing a "crime". In Canada, Japan, China, many countries in Europe, and some states of the United States, abortion is legal (not a crime). In some places like Nigeria and the US state of Texas, it is legal only to save the life of the woman. In a few countries, like El Salvador, abortion is never legal, including in cases where the woman risks dying from continuing the pregnancy.

In countries where induced abortion is not legal many more women die from abortion. Women still get induced abortions, but they cannot get them in safe hospitals and clinics. These induced abortions have more complications than abortions done by doctors.

Women who live in places where abortion is illegal, or heavily frowned upon sometimes travel to other places where an abortion can be done legally, so they can have an abortion. This is a form of medical tourism.

Spontaneous abortions occur in various mammals. In sheep, it may be caused by crowding through doors, or by being chased by dogs. In cows, abortion may be caused by contagious diseases, such as Brucellosis or Campylobacter. This can often be controlled by vaccination, though.

Abortion may also be induced in animals, in the context of animal husbandry. For example, abortion may be induced in mares that have been mated improperly, or that have been purchased by owners who did not realize the mares were pregnant, or that are pregnant with twin foals.

Feticide can occur in horses and zebras. Usually this is done because males harass pregnant mares or force copulation. Scientists have raised the question, how often this occurs in the wild, though. Male Gray langur monkeys may attack females following male takeover, causing miscarriage.

Induced abortion is a subject that is controversial. Each person has a system of moral values. Based on their system of morals, people have different opinions about it. Religion can also influence this opinion.
A number of opinion polls have been carried out around the world. They have tried to find out what people think about abortion. Results were different for different countries, but also varied with the questions that were asked.

In May 2005, a survey was done in ten European countries. The people were asked, if they could agree with the statement: "If a woman does not want children, she should be allowed to have an abortion". The highest level of approval was 81% in the Czech Republic; the lowest was 47% in Poland.

A poll was done in November 2001. The poll asked people in Canada in what circumstances they believed an abortion should be permitted. 32% responded that they believe abortion should be legal in all circumstances, 52% that it should be legal in certain circumstances, and 14% that it should never be legal. A similar poll in April 2009 surveyed people in the United States about abortion; 18% said that abortion should be "legal in all cases", 28% said that abortion should be "legal in most cases", 28% said abortion should be "illegal in most cases" and 16% said abortion should be "illegal in all cases". In a Gallup poll taken in July 2011, however, 47% of Americans identified themselves as pro-life and the same percentage of Americans identified themselves as pro-choice. A November 2005 poll in Mexico found that 73.4% think abortion should not be legalized while 11.2% think it should.

Of attitudes in South America, a December 2003 survey found that 30% of Argentines thought that abortion should be allowed in Argentina "regardless of situation", 47% that it should be allowed "under some circumstances", and 23% that it should not be allowed "regardless of situation". A March 2007 poll about abortion in Brazil found that 65% of Brazilians believe that it "should not be modified", 16% that it should be expanded "to allow abortion in other cases", 10% that abortion should be "decriminalized", and 5% were "not sure". A July 2005 poll in Colombia found that 65.6% said they thought that abortion should remain illegal, 26.9% that it should be made legal, and 7.5% that they were unsure.

Some people have strong feelings about abortion. People who think that the law should let women choose to have abortions are called "pro-choice". People who think that abortion is wrong and that the law should not allow it are called "pro-life".

People who are pro-choice believe that women should be allowed to have control over their own bodies when it comes to ending or continuing a pregnancy. They believe that, because the embryo or fetus is inside the woman's body and does not have developed enough organs to survive on its own until later in the pregnancy, it is not yet a person with rights. Pro-choice people also make the argument that abortion needs to be legal in order to protect women, because when abortion is illegal, it does not completely stop abortions from happening, but makes it so that women try to do abortions on themselves or get them done by people who are not trained doctors, which puts those women in danger of death or injury. Pro-choice people believe the way to prevent abortion is to make sure women only get pregnant when they want to. In addition to advocating the legality of abortion, pro-choice groups like Planned Parenthood often try to improve people's access to things used to prevent pregnancy (called "contraception"), and try to teach young people about sex to reduce the number of teen pregnancies.

People who are pro-life believe that all humans, including the unborn, have a right to life. For this reason, they believe abortion is wrong and that it is murder. They think the law should make abortion a crime in order to protect innocent life within the womb. However, though pro-life people think abortion is wrong, there are rare cases in which "some" pro-life people would allow an abortion to happen, like if the pregnancy puts the woman's life at risk or if she got pregnant from rape. Pro-life people think women who are pregnant and do not want to raise a child should look for alternatives to abortion such as giving the baby up for adoption. There are many crisis pregnancy centers pro-life people have started to discourage women from having abortions. They have also started advocacy groups, like the American Life League, Feminists for Life and Live Action, to try to convince more people to believe that abortion is wrong and to try to get governments to make laws to restrict abortion. Some pro-life people have used violence to try to stop abortions from happening. However, most people who are against abortion do not do such things and so they try to stop abortions from happening through peaceful activism.

Many religions have a view on abortion. These views span a broad spectrum from acceptance to rejection. Most religions generally oppose abortion.

Generally, when there is a debate about whether abortion laws should be changed in a country, there are advocacy groups. Some of the arguments these groups often have are outlined below.

There is a hypothesis that induced abortion raises the risk of getting breast cancer. People who support this, call it a "link", rather than a "hypothesis".
The subject has been controversial, but currently, scientists agree that there is no link between abortion in the first trimester, and increasing the risk to get breast cancer.

In early pregnancy, levels of estrogen increase. This causes the breast to grow, and to prepare for lactation. In the 1890s, studies were done on rats, before this hypothesis was put forward.

It is currently unclear from what moment the embryo or fetus can feel pain. This is also used in the debate about abortion. Many researchers think that a fetus is unlikely to feel pain until after the seventh month of pregnancy. Others disagree. At about twenty-six weeks of pregnancy, certain connections are made in the thalamus of the growing fetus. Developmental neurobiologists suspect that these connections may be critical to perception of pain by the fetus. However, legislation has been proposed by pro-life advocates requiring abortion providers to tell a woman that the embryo or fetus may feel pain during an abortion procedure.

Researchers from the University of California, San Francisco published a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association. The study analyzed data from dozens of medical reports and other studies. The researchers concluded that fetuses are unlikely to feel pain until the third trimester of pregnancy. However a number of medical critics have since disputed these conclusions. There are certain connections in the thalamus of the fetuse. These connections develop at about twenty-six weeks of pregnancy. At the end of the 20th century there was an emerging consensus among developmental neurobiologists that these connections are very important when it comes to the perception of pain in the fetus. Other researchers such as Anand and Fisk have challenged this late date, positing that pain can be felt around twenty weeks.
Pain can have many different aspects: It might be purely relying on sensory input, but it might also involve emotions and thought. For this reason, it is perhaps impossible to know exactly when the embryo or fetus feels pain, even if it has developed the links in the thalamus.


Clock

A clock is a device that tells the time. Some clocks can only show the time. Other clocks can show other things. For example, some clocks can show the date as well as the time, or show other information, like the timer
temperature or the weather, some have stopwatch and some have alarm.

Clocks use different ways to measure time. Clocks need some sort of steady beat or motion to track the change in time. Ancient water clocks worked by the steady movement of water from a container with a hole in the bottom to another container without a hole. Other clocks use pendulums, springs and gears to track the change in time correctly.

Digital clocks work by measuring the vibrations of quartz crystals when charged with electricity. The vibration frequency of the crystal does not change. 

Atomic clocks use the electromagnetic waves absorbed and emitted by atoms such as caesium to measure time. They are the most precise clocks in the world.watch image

The two most common types of displays on clocks are "analog" and "digital". 

Analog clocks use angles to tell time. They have "hands" that rotate around the clock's "face" (the front of the clock). The position of the hands shows the time. The face of the clock is a flat disk. It will often have the numbers one through twelve on the face to make it easier to read. Analog clocks commonly have two or three hands. If it has two, there is a large hand or "minute hand" and a smaller hand, the "hour hand". Clocks with three hands also have a "second hand". This hand is usually about as long as the minute hand, but much thinner. 

Each hand shows the time it is named for and moves around the face of the clock one complete rotation for each movement to the next larger hand. For example, the second hand moves around the face of the clock in 60 seconds. It moves once each second. When it moves all the way around the clock, the minute hand moves forward one space. When the minute hand moves all the way around the face of the clock (which takes 60 minutes), the hour hand moves forward one section. The second and minute hands take 60 movements to move all around the face of the clock. The hour hand only needs 12 movements to do the same.

Digital clocks use numbers to show the time. LCDs and LEDs are common for digital clocks. Unlike analog clocks which are based on 12 hours, digital clocks can use either a 12-hour clock (often with "am" for morning and "pm" for afternoon/night) or a 24-hour clock. Digital clocks are usually smaller and easier to both use and read than analog clocks but they can also be made much larger. New digital clocks can even correct themselves using the internet or radio signals.

There are also clocks that use sound, usually along with a dial or some other means, to show the time. The sound could be as simple as a bell or so complex that it sounds the same as a person. Many clocks that do this are old and are driven by springs or weights rather than batteries or other forms of electric power. Some special clocks are often used by people who are blind or cannot see well enough to read an analog or digital clock. They can also be used by people with mental problems that cause them to be unable to read other clocks.

There are many different types of clocks and watches. They are different in what they are used for, what they can do or how they are made. Examples include:


Sexual orientation

Sexual orientation is forms of sexual attraction to people. There are many different groups. Some examples are: attraction to a different gender (heterosexuality), attraction to the same gender (homosexuality), attraction to more than one gender (bisexuality), and no attraction any gender (asexuality).

The groups are part of sexual identity. Some people use something such as "pansexual" or "polysexual". Other people use nothing at all. "Androphilia and gynephilia" are an alternative to the gender binary in homosexual and heterosexual. "Androphilia" is attraction to a man or masculinity (any quality or behavior linked to a man). "Gynephilia" is attraction to a woman or femininity. "Sexual preference" overlaps with sexual orientation but is different. A bisexual person may like one gender more than another. "Sexual preference" may also give the idea of a degree of choice. The scientific consensus (position in the community of scientists) is that sexual orientation is not a choice.

Scientists do not know the exact cause of sexual orientation. There is some evidence of genes involved, however the main theory is related to hormones when a baby is growing inside the mother. For males, there is better proof of a biological cause of sexual orientation than social causes. In women, there is some evidence that social factors may play a small role.

Sexual orientation is important in biology, psychology, anthropology, history, and law.

Sexual orientation includes heterosexuality, bisexuality, and homosexuality, and asexuality. An asexual has little to no sexual attraction to people. This may be thought of as a lack of a sexual orientation. There is a large amount of discussion over whether or not this is a sexual orientation.

Sexual identity and sexual behavior are connected to sexual orientation but are different. Sexual identity is a concept of self. Sexual behavior is sex with other people. Sexual orientation is connections to other people. An individual may or may not show sexual orientation from behavior. A person who is not heterosexual by sexual orientation and has a heterosexual sexual identity is 'closeted'. This term may show a stage of change in any society that attempts to support the sexual minority. In any sexual orientation study, scientists use the terms "concordance" (sexual attraction, sexual behavior, and sexual identity match) or "discordance" (sexual attraction, sexual behavior, and sexual identity do not match)"." Here is an example of discordance. A woman with attraction to women says she is heterosexual and only has sex with men. Sexual orientation (homosexual), sexual identity (heterosexual), and sexual behavior (heterosexual) of the woman do not match.

"Sexual identity" may also describe a perception of the "sex" of a person. "Sexual preference" is almost the same as "sexual orientation". The main difference is "sexual preference" gives the idea of a degree of choice. The Committee on Sexual Orientation and Gender Diversity of the American Psychological Association says the term supports a "heterosexual bias".

"Androphilia" and "gynephilia" (or "gynecophilia") are terms in behavioral science (the study of human and animal behavior) that describe sexual orientation. It is an alternative to the gender binary in homosexual and heterosexual. The terms describe the focus of attraction with no need to credit a sex assignment or gender identity to the person. Other terms such as "pansexual" and "polysexual" also do not make any connection to the person. People may also use terms such as "queer", "pansensual," "polyfidelitous," or "ambisexual".

Some scientists support use of the terms to avoid bias in concepts of human sexuality in the West. Sociologist Johanna Schmidt says that a term like "homosexual transsexual" cannot line up in a society where a third gender is supported. One example would be Samoan Fa’afafine.

Bruce Bagemihl is also against "homosexual transsexual". This is because Bageminl thought this makes it simple to say a straight transgender woman is a homosexual male looking to run from stigma.

"Same gender loving" is a term by African Americans that is the same as homosexual.

Very early writers thought sexual orientation connects to the gender expression of the person. Karl Heinrich Ulrichs, Richard von Krafft-Ebing, Magnus Hirschfeld, Havelock Ellis, Carl Jung, and Sigmund Freud are some of the more famous writers. It was thought that a female person with attraction to female people is always masculine. They thought that a male person with attraction to male people is always feminine. This understanding of homosexuality as sexual inversion was a discussion at the time. By the second half of the 1900s, gender identity was seen as different from sexual orientation. Transgender and cisgender people may be attracted to men, women, or both. A homosexual, heterosexual, or bisexual person may be masculine, feminine, or androgynous. Studies by J. Michael Bailey and Kenneth Zucker say most of gay men and lesbians describe different degrees of not matching gender roles as a child.

Today, the sexual orientation of transgender people matches the gender. A trans woman who experiences attraction only to women is a lesbian. A trans man who experiences attraction only to women is a straight man.

Sexual orientation sees a more complex understanding of both sex (male, female, or intersex) and gender (man, woman, or third gender).

A gay or lesbian person may do sexual behaviors with someone of a different gender for many reasons. One reason is the desire for a family. Another reason is to avoid bias. A third reason is to avoid punishment in religion and another reason is to simply be friends with benefits. Not all LGBT people keep quiet about orientation to a wife or husband. Some who come out as gay or lesbian have a healthy continuous heterosexual marriage.

Sexual identity can change through the life of an individual. This may or may not line up with sex, sexual behavior, or sexual orientation. Sexual orientation is stable and will not change for most people. Still, some tests say that some people may experience change in sexual orientation. This is more common for a woman than for a man.

Scientists do not yet know the exact cause of sexual orientation. People thought that homosexuality was the result of wrong brain development. Early life experience and sexual abuse was thought to cause wrong brain development. This thought process comes from bias about homosexuality. Now many people guess that biology and environment play a complex part as a cause.

Tests link many biological factors which may have relation to the development of sexual orientation. The factors are genes, prenatal hormones, and brain structure.

Some scientists have a belief that sexual orientation is not from any one factor. Instead, this is thought to be from a combination of genetics, hormones, and environment. There is more proof that supports a biological cause of sexual orientation than a social one. It is not thought that sexual orientation is a choice. Some scientists have the belief that this is set at fertilization. Statistics say there are biological differences between gay people and heterosexuals. This may result from the same cause as sexual orientation itself.

Identical twins are more likely to have the same sexual orientation than fraternal twins. This means genes are linked to the development of sexual orientation. Studies have not found single 'gay genes'. Several thousand genes of a small influence are involved in sexual orientation.

The hormone theory of sexuality holds that certain hormones play a part in the sexual orientation that shows later in a mature person. Hormones in the fetus may be the prime effect on sexual orientation. This also may be one of many factors that combines with genes, environment, and social conditions to make a sexual orientation.

In humans, it is normal for females to have two X chromosomes. For males, it is normal to have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome. A human fetus starts as female so the Y chromosome is what makes the changes necessary to switch to male. Androgen hormones control this process. These androgens are testosterone and dihydrotestosterone. The testicles in the fetus are responsible for the existence of androgens. The androgens will work together to make differences between males and females. Some scientists change androgen levels in mammals during fetus and early life as experiments.

More than one study says the chance of homosexuality in a male increases with each successful birth of a male child. This effect ends if a male uses his left hand more than his right hand since birth.

"Fraternal birth order" effect is a theory that has strong proof of its prenatal origin. Tests give the idea that this may be from the immune system. This is an immune reaction from the mother against a substance important to the development of the male fetus. This reaction is more probable after every successful male birth. It is thought that this immune effect changes future males prenatal development. This process is the maternal immunization hypothesis. This starts when cells from a male fetus enter the blood stream of the mother. The immune system of the mother cannot support the Y proteins because she is female. This causes the development of antibodies. An antibody travels through the placenta into the section with the fetus. From here, an antibody crosses the blood–brain barrier of the brain of the fetus. This alters sex differences in brain structures relative to sexual orientation. This cause the son to experience more attraction to a man than a woman.

Research has examined the impact of social environment on sexual orientation. In males, there is not good evidence that social environment plays a role. In women, there may be some influence of the social environment, however more scientific research is needed.

Common ideas about the cause of homosexuality such as parenting or sexual abuse have flaws. Gay men often show feminine behavior in early childhood, which makes them targets for sexual abuse and for mistreatment by peers and family. This means it cannot be assumed that certain experiences caused their sexual orientation.

A sexual orientation change effort is a plan that will try to change a same gender sexual orientation. This is cognitive behavioral therapy or conversion therapy.

No mental health organization gives approval to any effort to change sexual orientation. Almost all have a statement that says not to get a treatment that claims to change sexual orientation. Some organizations with that statement are the American Psychiatric Association, American Psychological Association, American Counseling Association, National Association of Social Workers, Royal College of Psychiatrists, and Australian Psychological Society.

In 2012, the Pan American Health Organization made a statement that says not to get a service that claims to change people with a not heterosexual sexual orientation. This is because there is no medical need. This is also a serious threat to the well-being of people that use this service. The scientific consensus is that homosexuality is a normal and natural form of human sexuality. Homosexuality cannot be thought of as a disease. The Pan American Health Organization says governments, schools, organizations, and communication outlets need to support respect for differences. Sometimes, a gay child will have to go to a "treatment" without choice. A gay child is sometimes put in a place separate from everyone for many months. Any places that have such poor treatment be subject to punishment under government law. This is for two reasons. The first reason is because this is against the moral concepts of medical care. The second reason is because this is against human rights that the international agreement keeps safe.

The National Association for Research & Therapy of Homosexuality (NARTH) takes takes issue with how the mental health society describes the success of conversion therapy. It also takes issue with how the mental health society describes sexual orientation for two reasons. One reason is because it is not a fixed two part quality. The second reason is because it is not a disease. Instead, it describes as a continuous order of sexual attraction and emotional attraction. The American Psychological Association and the Royal College of Psychiatrists say there is trouble with the positions of the NARTH. Science cannot support the positions. The positions also make an environment in which bias increases.

Different definitions and strong social rules about sexuality makes sexual orientation hard to measure.

In the 1860s, Karl Henrich Ulrichs made small books about a sexual orientation organization system. The organization system is only for males. It separates males into three simple groups. The groups are "dionings, urnings" and "uranodionings". Ulrichs outlined a set of questions to check if a man was an "urning". A "dioning" is the same as heterosexual male. An "urning" is the same as a homosexual male. An "uranodioning" is the same as a bisexual male. "Urnings" are put into four groups. A "mannling" is a masculine "urning". A "weibling" is an effeminate "urning". A "zwischen" is an androgynous "urning". A "virilised" is an "urning" that will only have heterosex sex.

In 1896, Berlin sexologist Magnus Hirschfeld made a system that measured the strength of sexual desire of an individual. This system measures on two different scales of 10 points. The scales are A (homosexual) and B (heterosexual). A heterosexual individual may be A0, B5. A homosexual individual may be A5, B0. An asexual is A0, B0. Someone with a strong attraction to both genders may be A9, B9.

Alfred Kinsey, Wardell Pomeroy, and Clyde Martin made the Kinsey scale. This scale was in "Sexual Behavior in the Human Male and Sexual Behavior in the Human Female." It was made to fight the idea that people can only be homosexual or heterosexual. Kinsey saw that many people were not all heterosexual or all homosexual. Such people experience both heterosexual and homosexual behavior.

The Kinsey scale is a measure of sexual orientation. The position on the scale is based on the relation of heterosexuality to homosexuality in their history.

Even with eight groups, it is still hard determining which group to put an individual in. Masters and Johnson talk about the difficulty of sexual comparisons with the Kinsey results. They find it hard to put an individual between the numbers 2 to 4 if the individual has a large amount of heterosexual and homosexual experiences. This is because it becomes hard for that individual to judge the relative amount of each without bias.

Kinsey thought about two areas of sexual orientation. The two areas are sexual reactions and sexual experiences. Weinrich says important information is lost when the two values combine into one final result. A person only with same gender sexual reactions is different from someone with little sexual reactions but a large amount of same gender sexual experiences. Also, there are more than two areas of sexuality to be thought about. Attraction and identity are other areas to judge. This is fixed in the Klein Sexual Orientation Grid.

A 1970s study on masculinity and femininity says that the concepts are better on separate scales. The scales are in place of single continuous scale. Each end of the scale is representative of total opposites. When on the same scale, one will have to decrease for the other to increase. To be more feminine, one has to be less masculine. To be more masculine, one has to be less feminine. However, if they are thought of as separate areas, one can be both very masculine and very feminine. In the same way, heterosexuality and homosexuality on separate scales would allow one to be both very heterosexual and very homosexual. Or someone can be not very much of either. This makes determining the degree of heterosexual and homosexual in an individual easy. It is easy because each area is thought as independent rather than attempts to match a specific balance like the Kinsey scale.

Many people have been discriminated against because of their sexual orientation. In many cultures, people who are homosexual or bisexual have been teased (made fun of), fired from their job, or made to suffer violence because of who they are. In many countries and states, there are laws against having sex with somebody of the same gender, and people can be put in jail because of who they have sex with. In the United States, these laws were struck down (repealed) by the United States Supreme Court in the last few years. The Yogyakarta Principles are made to combat such discrimination and United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights also made a document "Born Free and Equal" to counter them by international human rights law.


Smiley

A smiley (also called a "smiley face" and an "emoticon") is a picture of a smiling face that is used to show emotion. The first smileys to be widely used were made as yellow buttons, but now the most common smileys are made using computer keyboard symbols. Smileys are used by many people in emails and other types of computer messages. A "smiley" is also sometimes spelt wrongly as "smily" or "smilie".

There were a number of early uses of simple graphics representing a smiling face. Some of these used a large circle containing two dots for eyes and a curve for the mouth. The most well-known smiley face was created in 1963 by Harvey Ball for an insurance company in Massachusetts. This design was a bright yellow circle representing a face, with black oval eyes and a big curved mouth with smile creases at the ends.

The design was made popular in the early 1970s by a pair of brothers, Murray and Bernard Spain, who though of a great plan to sell novelty items. The two used the "smiley face" on buttons as well to decorate coffee mugs, t-shirts, bumper stickers and many other things. They also used the phrase "Have a happy day" (which was the idea of Gyula Bogar). "Smiley" buttons were very popular from the 1970s onwards.

Smiley is a brand developed by Franklin Loufrani since 1971. He controls Smileyworld Ltd, a company whose mission is to make the world a happier place to live. Its brand Smiley is sold all over the world in several lifestyle industries, and its designers are constantly developing very creative and edgy products. The company donates ten percent of its royalties to a charity called the Smiley World Association, active with social actions in several countries. Its baseline is "Share your smile with those in need".

In 1997 Franklin's son Nicolas Loufrani has started to create a new world with icons based on the original Smiley logo. Today over 1200 icons are used as part of a brand called Smileyworld. This brand is based on a communication concept aimed at helping people to communicate better through various social expression products (greeting cards, gifts, etc.). It is also an educative project with books, toys, interactive products as well as a lifestyle brand for children.

Smiley has been a registered trademark since 1971. The Smiley name and logo now registered and used in over 100 countries for 25 classes of goods and services. More than 1200 Smiley emoticons are registered with the Washington Library of Congress and protected by the Universal Copyrights Convention. In the past 10 years, Smileyworld Ltd has signed more than 800 licensing contracts worldwide and has been using its rights in most classes of goods and services in all important countries on the 5 continents. Smileyworld Ltd works with over 60 law firms to protect its IP.

In the 1990s people started using the internet and emails as a regular way of communicating. So that they could show happiness or fun in an easy way, people started making little smiling faces using some of the symbols on the keyboard. A keyboard smiley has a colon ":" for the eyes, a hyphen "-" for the nose, and a parenthesis ")" for the mouth. Some people make the smiley without the hyphen for a nose. The "smileys" that are made in this way are sideways.

Here is a smiley:

When you tilt your head to the left, it looks like a smiling face.

Smileys are usually used as part of a written message, but sometimes a smiley is just sent on its own to say "I am happy with your last message." Smileys are a useful way to show feelings to someone who cannot see the face of person sending the message.

From the smiley came other ideas for showing emotions using keyboard symbols:

Some people use different symbols, or do not use a nose, etc.

Flamenco

Flamenco is a style of baile. It is a form of entertainment with song, music and dance. It is very popular in Spain and is known worldwide. Its foundation is in Andalusia in Spain. In its evolution Andalusian gypsies played an important part. The term 'flamenco' was first recorded in the late 18th century but many believe the art form is much older.

Flamenco has acoustic guitar music, singing, hand claps, heel stamps, castanets. It is danced by a man and a woman in traditional Spanish costumes. The dance has no set tempo. It may have both fast and slow passages, rising to a climax near the end. 

Flamenco performance has evolved during the history of this musical genre. In the beginning (the 18th century at the latest), songs were sung without any guitar accompaniment. During the 19th century, the guitar was used to accompany songs. Since the second half of the 19th century, the solo guitar is played in flamenco concerts.
On November 16, 2010, UNESCO declared Flamenco one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity.


Examples of flamenco:

Cream (band)

Cream was a British rock band in the late 1960s. They played and recorded together from 1966 to 1968. The members of the group were Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce, and Ginger Baker. They were called a power trio, as there were three musicians, who all played essential roles in the band. Their sound of heavy blues-rock was a great influence on many other bands. They were one of the most skilled rock bands of all time; the guitarist and bassist were able to solo at the same time. Clapton helped pioneer the use of the wah-wah pedal and played a famous guitar called The Fool. Clapton developed what he called the "woman tone" on his guitar, while Bruce played a fretless bass guitar, and Baker played unusual rhythms on drums to create the band's distinctive sound.

Cream's hit records included the songs "Strange Brew", "Sunshine Of Your Love" and "White Room". Their last album, titled "Goodbye", included a song called "Badge", written by Eric Clapton and George Harrison of The Beatles.

Cream made four studio albums.


Blind Faith

Blind Faith was an English blues-rock band. It was formed in 1968 by members of other bands. Eric Clapton and Ginger Baker had been in the band Cream. Steve Winwood and Rick Grech had been in the band Traffic. Many people had high expectations but the new band was only together for about one year. The name of the band came about as a result of the "blind faith" shown by many people. These people had thought that the band would go on to greatness. Before they broke up in 1969, they released a self-titled album. It caused controversy because it only had six songs and featured a topless teenage girl holding a toy airplane on the English album cover. This image was replaced by a photograph of the band in America.

The Guess Who

The Guess Who is a Canadian rock band. They formed in Winnipeg in 1963 and broke up in 1975. Their best known songs include, "American Woman", "Share The Land", "No Time", and "These Eyes".

The band was inducted into The Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1987.

Bruce Springsteen

Bruce Frederick Joseph Springsteen (born September 23, 1949) is an American rock musician from New Jersey. His songs include "Born to Run" and "Born in the USA". For more than 30 years he has been a singer along with his "E-Street Band." Also, he is now a member in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Jon Landau, a music writer for "Rolling Stone" magazine, once said: "I have seen the future of rock and roll, and its name is Bruce Springsteen." Springsteen won an Oscar for his song "Streets Of Philadelphia", written for the Tom Hanks' movie "Philadelphia".

Springsteen was born in Long Branch, New Jersey, and spent his childhood and high school years in Freehold Borough. His father, Douglas Frederick Springsteen, was a bus driver. His mother, Adele Ann (née Zirilli), was a legal secretary. He has two younger sisters, Virginia and Pamela. Pamela was an actor but left this profession and became a photographer. She took photos for the "Human Touch" and "Lucky Town" albums.

Raised Catholic, Springsteen attended the St. Rose of Lima Catholic school in Freehold Borough. Old teachers have said he was a "loner, who wanted nothing more than to play his guitar." He completed high school, but felt so uncomfortable that he skipped his own graduation ceremony. He briefly went to Ocean County College but had no degree.

Till the early 1970s he played with different bands in the Atlantic area. In 1972 he signed a record contract with Columbia Records. His first album "Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J.", released in January 1973, was commercially not a success but was highly favored by music critics. Also his second album "The Wild, the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle" was more acclaimed than sold.

In the May 22, 1974, issue of Boston's "The Real Paper", music critic Jon Landau wrote after seeing a performance at the Harvard Square Theater, "I saw rock and roll future, and its name is Bruce Springsteen. And on a night when I needed to feel young, he made me feel like I was hearing music for the very first time." Landau became Springsteen's manager and producer.

The commercial breakthrough was his third album "Born to Run", which was released on August 25, 1975. Due to this Springsteen was on the covers of Time magazine and Newsweek. After a legal battle with his old manager Mike Appel, he could release his third album "Darkness on the Edge of Town" not earlier than 1978. In 1978, he worked together with Patti Smith, who had a hit with Springsteen's song "Because the Night". Also Manfred Mann ("Blinded by the Light") and the Pointer Sisters ("Fire") had success with songs of Bruce Springsteen. The next album was "The River". The single from this album "Hungry Heart" was his first Top 10 hit. "The River" brought Bruce Springsteen in a wide range of styles from ballads to rock songs.

His next album was "Nebraska" (1982) which he recorded in a studio at his home. The only instruments in this record were guitar and harmonica. The songs are about outsiders of the US society. Despite its commercial flop it is regarded by critics as one of Springsteen's best albums.

He is probably best known for his next album "Born in the USA" which sold 15 million copies in the USA. It contains 7 hit singles which all reached the Top 10. The following tour was also a huge success. The title track of the album was widely misunderstood as patriotic hymn. In fact it was a comment on the poor treatment of Vietnam veterans. In later years Springsteen performed the song only with acoustic guitar to make the meaning of the song more clear. An acoustic version also appeared on "Tracks", a later album. Videos for the album were made by famous movie directors Brian De Palma and John Sayles.

The next album was "Live/1975–85", which summed up the powerful live performances of Bruce Springsteen. It was a five records box-set and was the first set which reached #1 in the charts.

After "Born in the USA", Springsteen recorded again more sedate and contemplative albums like "Tunnel of Love" (1987). In late 1989 he dissolved the E-Street Band and married Patti Scialfa. The couple relocated to California. In 1992 he released two albums at once, "Human Touch" and "Lucky Town". After he had received many Grammy Awards he also was winner of the Academy Award in 1994 for his song "Streets of Philadelphia", which appeared on the soundtrack to the movie "Philadelphia".

In 1995, he released his second solo guitar album, "The Ghost of Tom Joad", inspired by John Steinbeck's "The Grapes of Wrath". Following the album he made a solo acoustic tour where he played the new songs but also many of his older songs in acoustic form. After the tour he and his family went back to New Jersey.

In 1999, the E Street Band and Springsteen officially played together again. They made a reunion tour which lasted over one year. The last two concerts of the tour were recorded for an HBO Concert also a DVD and album was released under the title "Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band: Live in New York City". The same year Springsteen was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
About the 1990s Springsteen said: "I didn't do a lot of work. Some people would say I didn't do my best work."

In 2002 the artist released "The Rising" the first studio album with the E Street Band for 19 years. The 2005 album "Devils & Dust" was again mostly acoustic and recorded without the band. In November 2005, Sirius Satellite Radio started a 24-hour, seven-day-a-week radio station on Channel 10 called "E Street Radio". This channel brings commercial-free Bruce Springsteen music, including rare tracks, interviews, and daily concerts of Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band recorded throughout their career. In April 2006, Springsteen released "We Shall Overcome: The Seeger Sessions", a project with folk songs which were made popular by Pete Seeger. It was recorded with a large ensemble of musicians including only Patti Scialfa, Soozie Tyrell, and The Miami Horns from past efforts. The end of the decade brought three albums. ("Magic" (#1), "Working on a Dream" (#1) and "The Promise" (#16), which featured again outtakes of different songs). On January 11, 2009, Springsteen won the Golden Globe Award for Best Song for "The Wrestler", from the Mickey Rourke movie by the same name.

In September 1979, Springsteen and the E Street Band joined the Musicians United for Safe Energy (MUSE) anti-nuclear power collective at Madison Square Garden for two nights, playing an short set and two songs from his next album. 1988 Springsteen headlined the worldwide Human Rights Now! tour for Amnesty International. 2008 he supported Barack Obama's presidential campaign
and he was the musical opener for the Obama Inaugural Celebration on January 18, 2009. He performed "The Rising" with a female choir. Later he performed Woody Guthrie's "This Land Is Your Land" with Pete Seeger.

Springsteen's lyrics often explore highly personal themes such as disappointment and unhappiness with life in everyday situations.

He did most of his records with the E Street Band. The band was formed in October, 1972. Although Springsteen played with other bands, the E Street Band was his band for 40 years. The band took the name from a street in Belmar, New Jersey where the mother of a founding member lived and allowed the band to practice. The band members do also solo works and play as session musicians (for example: Bittan and Van Zandt for Bob Dylan on "Empire Burlesque"). Clemons and Lofgren also went on tour with Ringo Starr and his All-Starr Band in 1989.
Although Springsteen informed the band in 1989 that he would not play with them they stayed friends and from 1999 onwards they again played and recorded together.

Major studio albums (along with their chart positions in the U.S. Billboard 200 at the time of release):

Live albums



Intersex

Intersex variations occur (though rarely) in species which use sexual reproduction. Intersex people are born with sex characteristics that lie between those of typical males and typical females. Hermaphrodite is a term that gets confused with intersexual, and while all hermaphrodites are intersexual, not all intersexual people are hermaphrodites. The clinical term 'disorders of sex development' (DSD) is very controversial.

An intersex individual's genitalia may be atypical in some way. It can be difficult to determine if an intersex baby is genetically male or female (with XY chromosomes or XX chromosomes). They may also have male and/or female secondary sex characteristics (such as body shape). However, there is a wide range of variation in sexual anatomy. There are many more subtle forms of sex anatomy, or sex chromosome differences. These don't even show physically. Some won't show up until later in life. Sometimes, the variation may appear when the baby reaches puberty or becomes an adult. It may not even be detected in an individual's lifetime, but as technology gets more advanced, that chance dims down.

Up to 0.018% of people may be born with an intersex variation.

Most causes of intersex are congenital, or born with it, usually because of a genetic condition. All development is governed by genes which regulate the process of growth.

The most common intersex variation is a hormone condition. This causes genetically female fetuses to have a more masculine body appearance, because the babies' adrenal gland produces higher levels of androgen hormones (hormones that act like testosterone). This may cause the female baby to appear male even to doctors and parents.

Some intersex people may be so because of abnormalities with their sex chromosomes, resulting in genetic disorders. One disorder known as Turner's Syndrome, is when instead of having an XX (female) or XY (male) genotype, a person has X0. A person with Turner's Syndrome usually looks like a girl, but they are shorter in height and do not go through puberty, meaning they cannot reproduce.

Another genetic disorder is Klinefelter Syndrome, where a person has an XXY genotype. This disorder affects men, causing infertility, smaller genitalia, and less facial hair. Men with this disorder can have a variety of symptoms which can be so unnoticeable that they may never be diagnosed.

Surgery may be used on intersex babies to give a more usual cosmetic appearance. This is sometimes thought to make children more normal, but this idea lacks evidence and is contested. Early cosmetic medical interventions can lead to problems in later life, including decreased sexual function and sensation. The children concerned cannot consent to those surgeries, and their parents may not understand the full implications. There is no medical consensus about surgical interventions, including their type, timing, necessity and conduct.

Medical interventions can cause mental and emotional harm to the child when it grows and begins to go through puberty. Children may not feel like they are the gender that is assigned to them by their parents or doctors, causing issues with gender identity. Some people believe it is best to leave the genitalia as it is when the child is born and allow them to make decisions about it when they are old enough.

Civil society organizations and human rights experts including authors of the Yogyakarta Principles have called for an end to medical interventions on intersex children that are carried out for social reasons. United Nations and other human rights experts regard these medical treatments as harmful.

In 2011, Christiane Völling became the first intersex person known to win a legal case taken because of non-consensual surgical intervention. In April 2015, Malta became the first country to end medical interventions to modify the sex anatomy of intersex children.

Several countries protect intersex people from discrimination, including South Africa, Australia, and Malta.

As intersexuality becomes more recognized all over the world, there are many activist groups created to promote recognizing and supporting members of this community. One major activist group known as the Intersex Society of North America, or INSA, teaches people what intersexuality is and the harms of children having gender assignment surgery without their permission to consent.

One of the major issues intersex people face is other people who are not intersex making them feel uncomfortable about their sex and gender. Intersex people may not feel the need to identify themselves at all in their lifetimes, preferring to maintain ambiguity. However, those who are not a part of this community feel as though people need to chose and be more clear about their genitalia. This invasion of privacy is often protested against and discussed by activist groups who believe intersex people are allowed to be private and deserve to be treated the same as those who are not intersex.


Digestive system

The digestive system is the parts of the body that digest food. It is the gastrointestinal system. It breaks down food into simple chemicals which can be absorbed into the blood stream. 

From the blood stream, nutrients go to the liver, which is a kind of chemical factory for the body. The liver adjusts the nutrients so that the mix is what the body needs. 

In the stomach, gastric acid is introduced. This is basically dilute hydrochloric acid. It is very reactive and has a pH level of 1.5 to 3.5. The stomach has a layer of mucus to protect itself from the acid. 

The digestive system also get rid of waste material. The gastrointestinal system starts at the lips and ends at the anus. Animals like worms, insects, mammals, birds, fish, and people all have digestive systems.

The digestive system is not just the gut, but also other organs which help us digest food. For example, digestive enzymes are needed to break down carbohydrates and meat into substances which can be absorbed.

The parts of the human digestive system are the same in many animals:

Other organs that are part of the gastrointestinal system but are "not" part of the gut are:
Food does not go through these organs. But they help the gut digest the food. They also have other work. For example, the pancreas, thyroid, liver, and parathyroids are also endocrine glands that make hormones like insulin.

There are many diseases that affect the gastrointestinal system. Doctors who study the gastrointestinal tract are called gastroenterologists.

Mouth

The mouth is an opening in the face and is the first part of the alimentary canal (digestive system). It is the place where food is chewed. The mouth has teeth to help eat/chew the food.

In addition to its main role as the start of the digestive system, in humans the mouth also plays a great part in communication. The tongue, lips, and jaw, which are parts of the mouth, are needed to produce the number of sounds in human language. People also kiss and show their feelings with the mouth.

Deacon

A deacon is a role in the Christian church. The job of a deacon is different depending on the church he or she is a part of. A deacon usually helps to run the church and teaches people about Christianity. A deacon can also witness marriages.

Men who intend to become priests are usually named deacons for some time before advancing onto the rank of priest.

In the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches men are not allowed to marry after they have become deacons. Deacons in Protestant churches are allowed to marry. 

A protodeacon is an honorary rank given to certain married deacons in Eastern Christian churches. In the Russian Orthodox Church it is an honorary title given to married deacons, as a mark of which, the clergyman is entitled to wear a burgundy-colored skufia.

Friedrich Engels

Friedrich Engels II (28 November 1820 – 5 August 1895) was a German political thinker and writer. He wrote about Communism with philosopher Karl Marx. They wrote the book "The Communist Manifesto" together.

Friedrich Engels II was born in Barmen, Germany in 1820. His father was a very rich factory owner. His father sent Friedrich to England to run one of his factories. Engles became upset with the way the workers were living at the factory. He was upset with the class system. At about this time, Engles began to write about politics and the struggles of the workers.

In 1844, he met Karl Marx in France. The two men became friends. They also began to write together. The two men worked together until the death of Marx in 1883. Engels' influential work, "The Condition of the Working Class in England," highlighted the harsh realities of industrialization. His partnership with Marx laid the foundation for modern communism, and his writings continue to shape discussions on class struggle and societal transformation.

After Marx died, Engels spent the rest of his life editing and translating Marx' writings. He also wrote about women and marriage. Engles died of throat cancer in London in 1895, leaving a lasting legacy in the realms of political philosophy and social critique.

Dinner

Dinner is a word with a few different meanings.

In North America dinner usually means a large meal that is eaten in early evening. Sometimes dinner can mean a meal eaten in the middle of the day. This meaning is more common in the Southern United States and the United Kingdom . 
A more formal definition of "dinner", especially outside North America, is any meal that has several courses. The minimum number of course is often regarded as two but there can be as many as seven. If there is only one course and it is the main meal of the day, then it is called dinner.

Dinner is very important to some cultures. Dinner is a large part, often a tradition, on many American holidays including Thanksgiving and Christmas.

Rosa Luxemburg

Rosa Luxemburg (5 March 1871 in Zamość, Russian Poland – 15 January 1919 in Berlin) was a Polish-Jewish Marxist politician working in both Poland and Germany. Her birth name was Rosalia "Luxemburg". She was born into a Jewish family. She was the fifth child of her parents. Her father was a wood trader/timber trader. His name was Eliasz Luxemburg III. Her mother's name was Line (maiden name: Löwenstein). 
In one of her earliest publications, 'Reform or Revolution?' (1900) Luxemburg accepted Marx's argument that capitalism promoted exploitation and was at odds with humanity's natural, fraternal instincts. She also agreed that evolutionary socialism was impossible: only revolution could create real change. However, like Lenin, she had little sympathy for Marx's 'historicism' and denied that for a revolution to occur, capitalism would have to reach an advanced stage of development. However, Luxemburg's analysis of how the revolution should come would distinguish her from both Marx and Lenin.
After WW1 Luxemburg helped establish the German Communist Party (KDP). She organised a socialist uprising in Germany but was killed by a right-wing group called the Freikorps. Rosa Luxemburg made many new communist ideas that continue to influence communism today. Rosa Luxemburg supported the Russian Revolution led by Lenin and Trotsky, but she saw them both as making undemocratic mistakes in organizing what was supposed to be a more democratic nation. She also insisted the freedom of assembly, freedom of the press, freedom of speech and abolition of death penalty. In 1913 she published an essay "The Accumulation of Capital" that urges that capital accumulation causes the imperialism. 

Rosa Luxemburg was assassinated by the Garde-Kavallerie-Schützendivision of the Freikorps.

Liver

The liver is an organ in the abdomen. It is part of the digestive system. Sometimes people use "hepar- or hepat-" as a prefix when they talk about the liver.

The liver is the body's chemical factory. It does many important things:

There are many different liver diseases. Liver disease can make someone very sick because of all the important work the liver does. People who have bad liver disease usually die unless they can get a liver transplant. This is when the liver from someone who has just died is put in another person by surgery. Such surgeries are usually technically challenging but can be life-saving.

The symptoms of liver disease happen because the liver does not do the work it should. 

The liver cannot metabolize toxins and waste so these bad things stay in the blood longer. One thing that builds up is a substance called bilirubin. When red blood cells die, the hemoglobin in them leaks into the blood. The hemoglobin becomes bilirubin (a yellow substance that makes bile yellow). The liver takes the bilirubin out of the blood and puts it into the bile. The bile goes into the intestines and then goes out with the waste from your body. If the liver is hurt, it does not remove the bilirubin, so the bilirubin stays in the body. This makes the person's body look yellow and is known as jaundice. So yellow eyes and yellow skin are symptoms of liver disease.

Other symptoms of liver disease are:

Hepatitis is when liver cells get "inflamed" (swollen, or increased in size). This can be from virus infections. This can be caused by toxins or poisons. The most common toxin to cause hepatitis is "alcohol". It can also have genetic, or autoimmune causes, when the body's immune system hurts itself.

Cirrhosis is caused by death of liver cells that happens again and again. When the cells die, scar tissue forms. This scar tissue damages the structure of the liver. This makes the liver not work as well. But it also makes the pressure in the veins that go to the liver very high. This high pressure makes "esophageal varices". The most common reason for cirrhosis in the world is hepatitis B virus infection.

Some diseases cause bad things to build up in the liver. Hemochromatosis causes extra iron to build up in the liver. Wilson's disease causes extra copper to build up in the liver. Both of these diseases hurt the cells and can cause very bad liver disease that kills people.

You can also get cancer of your liver. This can be metastatic cancer that came from some other place in your body. The liver is a common place to get metastases because it takes bad things out of the blood. So it takes cancer cells out of the blood and they grow in the liver. Cancer can also grow in the liver. If it grows in the liver it is called "hepatocellular carcinoma" (liver cell cancer). Most hepatocellular carcinoma is from cirrhosis.

Some liver diseases can be treated easily with medicine. Hemochromatosis is treated by taking (removing) blood from patients at intervals (times) based on the seriousness of the disease in amounts about equal to what would be taken from a normal blood donor (~470 ml).

Some liver viruses can be stopped before they start. Two types of viral hepatitis can be stopped with an immunization. Hepatitis A and Hepatitis B can be prevented with a total of five shots in a person's life. 

Some liver diseases can only be treated by a liver transplant.

The liver from livestock is a source of protein like muscle meats. It also a great source of some micro-nutrients. The flavor might be strong for some people, so it might be slightly over-seasoned. It might be toxic if you eat way too much of it.


Neck (disambiguation)

Neck can mean:


Coachella Valley

The Coachella Valley is a desert valley in the Colorado Desert of Southern California. It is famous as a resort destination and an agricultural region. It is a dry rift valley.

The cities of the Coachella Valley from west to east are:


Many people visit the area during tourist season, which is from September to June. It has a hot desert climate (BWh in the Koeppen climate classification) Winter in the Coachella Valley is warm. Summer is very hot, with temperatures over 100 degrees Fahrenheit/40 degrees Centigrade. Although the area is a desert, there is lots of water both under the ground and in aqueducts from the Colorado River. The weather is so similar to that in the Middle East that the area grows more than 95% of the nation's crop of dates. A grapefruit called the "Coachella Grapefruit" was first grown there.

One of the world's greatest engineering feats is in Palm Springs. The Palm Springs Aerial Tramway brings visitors from the floor of the valley to the top of Mount San Jacinto, 8516 feet (3000 metres) up.

Derivative work

Derivative work is a phrase used in copyright law. It is a piece of work (for example: a novel, a song or a painting) that is based on what someone else created.

Copyright law says that if someone writes a book, draws a picture, or writes a song, then it belongs to them. Other people are not allowed to copy it unless the person who created it says that they can. This is important because it means the person who created the work can sell what they created and get money.

A derivative work is one that is based on something else. If a person watches a movie, and then writes a story about the people in the movie, that story is a derivative work. If after hearing a song, someone sings the same tune with different words, the song they sung is a derivative work.

In the law, if someone else has a copyright on something, no one is allowed to create a derivative work unless they say it is allowed. So if someone watches a movie, they are not allowed to write a story about the people in the movie unless the people who made the movie give them permission.

This only applies to the things that are known about by the person creating the work. If a movie is made, but they do not go and see the movie, and then they write a book that has the same story as the movie, that is not a derivative work.

Rugby football

Rugby football is a sport people play in many countries. It is usually called rugby or rugger.

Rugby football is named after Rugby School, the public school in England where it was developed. Legend has it that one day in 1823, a senior boy called William Webb Ellis elected to run with the ball rather than retiring to kick it as was the normal mode of play in Rugby School football matches. "Running in" was considered a bit like cheating then but was later accepted in the laws of Rugby Football (first published in 1846).

Its rival, Association football (soccer), came later. It was not formalised until 1863. Even then handling of the ball was allowed, but not catching it and running with it. In the mid-1860s an attempt was made to provide one set of laws for all football but there were irreconcilable differences, mainly concerning "hacking" (kicking an opponent in the shins). The "hackers" went on to eventually play rugby football even though hacking was barred a few years later. The "anti-hackers" went on to form Association Football, eventually banning any handling.

There are two types of rugby, called Rugby Union and Rugby League. Originally, Rugby Union was played in England by gentlemen amateurs, and Rugby League was played by working class guys for pay. There are many similarities between the two types of rugby, but they have developed different sets of rules over time. The split between the two types occurred because of a disagreement about the way players were treated when they were injured during a game.

Rugby Union is the most popular form of rugby, and it is the national sport in New Zealand, Wales, Fiji, Samoa, Tonga and Madagascar. Rugby League is played by many people in the UK (especially in northern England), Australia, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea. In most other places, the word "rugby" refers to rugby union.

Rugby football is played on a field by two teams of 15 people. The objective of the game is to obtain more points than the opposing team within 80 minutes of playing time. Points are gained through scoring tries or kicking goals.

At each end of the playing field there is a field goal made out of poles, shaped like the letter H in English. There is also an area called the in-goal. A goal is scored when a player kicks the ball through the top of the H of the other team's goal.

Play starts when a player from one team kicks the ball from the halfway line towards the opposing team's field goal. Play continues until a try is scored, the ball crosses the side line or dead ball line, or an infringement occurs. The ball can be moved up the field either by carrying or kicking it. The ball can be passed between team members, but it cannot be passed to team members who are closer to the opposing team's goal than the person who is currently carrying the ball.

Players score a "try" if they manage to touch the ball to the ground on or beyond the other team's in-goal. After a try, the team that scored the try then has an opportunity to kick a goal. This is known as a "conversion kick". A goal that is scored from a conversion kick is worth two points in addition to the points of a try. A try is worth five points in rugby union, and four points in rugby league. After a team scores points, play restarts with the non-scoring team kicking the ball from the halfway line toward the opposing team's field goal.

Players tackle members of the other team to prevent the opposing team from scoring. Tackling in rugby means grabbing the other person and either stopping them from moving or making them fall on the ground. The main rule for tackling in rugby is that there should be no contact with the neck. Only players carrying the ball can be tackled. Once a tackle is completed, the opposition can compete for the ball.

The Rugby World Cup is a championship of rugby union teams from countries all over the world. The Rugby World Cup is held every four years, and will next be held in 2023, in France.

There is also the Rugby League World Cup, which is made up of member nations of the Rugby League International Federation (RLIF). The tournament has an irregular schedule. The next tournament will be in 2017, and will be hosted by Australia, New Zealand, and Papua New Guinea.

Kidney

The kidneys are two organs in the abdomen of vertebrates which are shaped like beans. They regulate the amount of water and salts in the blood. They make urine so it can be removed from the body. 

The adjective which is used for kidneys is "renal". For example, "renal failure" is when the kidneys are sick and do not work. 

The prefix "nephro-" is also used in words to mean "kidneys". For example, a "nephrologist" is a specialist who studies kidneys.

The kidney makes hormones. The two most important ones that it makes are erythropoetin and renin.

Erythropoetin is made by the kidneys if there is less oxygen in the kidney. Erythropoetin signals the bone marrow to make more red blood cells. This means there will be more oxygen carried in the blood.

Renin is made by the kidney if there is low blood pressure, low volume of blood, or too low salts in the blood. Renin makes the blood vessels smaller and tells the adrenal gland to make aldosterone (which tells the kidneys to save salts). It also makes a person feel thirsty. All of this makes the blood pressure go up.

The kidney's most important work is keeping homeostasis. Homeostasis means that the body keeps a stable environment inside itself. The body needs to have the consistent and proper amount of water, salt, and acid in the blood. The kidney keeps these things constant.

If there is too much water, the kidney puts more water in the urine. If there is not enough water, the kidney uses less water in the urine. This is why people make less urine when they are dehydrated.

There are many types of kidney diseases. A kidney disease makes the kidneys unable to work perfectly but they do work in part. People can have mild kidney failure and have no symptoms. As long as it does not become worse, people may not even know they have it. "Severe" kidney failure means "very" bad failure. The kidneys do not work very much at all. People with severe kidney failure "always" have symptoms. They need special care from doctors. 

The main kinds of kidney diseases are:

If a person's kidneys do not work properly, they are very sick. If they have severe kidney failure, they cannot live unless they have a replacement for their kidneys.

There are two ways to replace the kidneys: dialysis and transplantation.

Dialysis is when doctors use a machine and medicines to do the work of the kidneys. There are two kinds of dialysis: hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis.

Peritoneal dialysis is when doctors put a plastic tube into the person's abdomen. Every day the person fills the abdomen with fluid. The extra salts, waste, and water that the body does not need goes into the fluid. Then the fluid comes out and takes the wastes with it. This does part of the job that kidneys do.

Hemodialysis is when doctors take blood from a person, clean the blood with a special kind of filter, called a" haemodialyser," and put it back in the person. When the blood is cleaned; water, salts and wastes are taken out of it. This must be done 2–4 times every week (usually 3 times.) It takes 2–4 hours to do this each time.

Hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis are not perfect. They do some of the work of the kidney, but it is not as good as a real kidney. So people who need dialysis are not as healthy. They must take medicines. For example, in kidney failure, the kidneys do not make any erythropoetin. Doctors have to give people erythropoetin so they make enough red blood cells.

A better way to do the kidneys' work is to give the person another kidney. This is called a kidney transplant. Kidney transplants are the most common type of organ transplant. It is the most common because we have two kidneys, but only need one kidney to live. People who are alive can donate a kidney to another person.

Even transplanted kidneys are not the same as kidneys people were born with. A person who gets a renal transplant must take strong medicines to stop their body from attacking the new kidney. Sometimes, after years, the transplanted kidney stops working. But sometimes a patient can get a new transplanted kidney after the first one stops working.

It was widely believed in Europe that the conscience was actually located in the kidneys. This idea was taken from the Hebrew Bible. In modern times, medical scientists have shown kidneys do not have this kind of psychological role. 

Prefix

A prefix is a part of a word or a word, within a word. It is put at the start of another word to make a different meaning. It can also mean a number that is put in at the start to show which number something is in a group. It is a type of affix.
compound nouns (in other cases also compound adjectives).
The following examples illustrate real prefixes.

Often people want to use a prefix to mean "not". There are many prefixes that mean "not".

We also learnt the prefixes anti which means against and auto is used to mean self "or own"

Some examples of these prefixes:

antisocial which means non social

anti glare which means it will prevent sun and light glare on a screen

autograph which means a person's signature

autopilot which means working by itself

Other examples of prefixes:


Scientists and doctors use prefixes in many words.
Sometimes people make up words by adding a prefix. These words are not in a dictionary. But if people use these words enough, sometimes they go into dictionaries.
For example, we can make the word "unsimple", which splits up into "not simple". This is not a word in a dictionary.

Compare to suffix. Suffixes are letters put at the end of a word to change its meaning.

UNESCO

UNESCO is the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (). It is an agency of the United Nations (UN). 

UNESCO says its purpose, as defined just after the end of World War II, is "to build the defenses of peace in the minds of men and women". It does this by helping nations work together, through education for all, science, and culture. This is supposed to help other nations follow the rule of law and human rights. It also helps promote some freedoms in the UN Charter.

UNESCO has 195 Member countries.

UNESCO tries to achieve what it wants to do through six programs: education, natural sciences, social and human sciences, culture, communication and information. Some projects sponsored by UNESCO are literacy, technical, and teacher-training programmes. UNESCO also decides what will become World Heritage Sites. A World Heritage Site is an important, special, interesting or beautiful place. If a place is a World Heritage Site, the place can not be destroyed, as it can give useful information for the future. The Uluru, for example, gives a lot of information on the culture of Aborigines. UNESCO is also a member of the United Nations Development Group. and works for Millennium Development Goals.


Human rights

Human rights are rights and freedoms that all people should have. 

Today, the ideas of human rights are protected as legal rights in national and international law.
They are seen as "universal," which means they are meant for everyone, no matter what their race, religion, ethnicity, nationality, age, sex, political beliefs (or any other kind of beliefs), intelligence, disability, sexual orientation, or gender identity are.

Every person has all of these rights, it is not possible to only grant some of them:

The idea of human rights originated from ideas found in religion and philosophy in Western Europe. The modern Western idea of human rights started in the European Enlightenment. In the 16th century, some people started suggesting that everyone had the religious and political right to choose their religion and their leaders. This sort of thinking was important in the English Civil War. After the war, the philosopher John Locke argued that people should have a certain set of human rights. These ideas were also important in the American revolution and the French revolution in the 18th century.

In the 19th century, John Stuart Mill was an important philosopher who also thought about human rights. He said that people should be able to control their own bodies and minds. He talked about three special ideas:

Hegel was a philosopher who wrote about the idea of free will. He believed that in order to have freedom, a person should be able to: 

Because people believe that human rights are important, countries make laws to protect them. These laws say that governments cannot take away people's basic rights. They make sure people who take away other people's rights are punished. However, many countries in the world do not protect the human rights of their people.

Some major political groups and countries have made statements that promote human rights. Many governments and international groups punish human rights violators by refusing to trade with them, or even helping groups that want to overthrow their governments.

Some of the important places that human rights laws are written is in constitutions. The United States Constitution and Constitution of France are two of the oldest set of laws based on human rights.

In 1948 the United Nations made the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. This is a widely respected document that lists what the United Nations believes are human rights. It is not a law, but two important agreements have been written based on its ideas:
These are United Nations human rights "Covenants": agreements between people or countries. The countries who sign these two covenants agree to follow them.

In addition to those Declaration and Covenants, there are many treaties and documents made by United Nations and other international organizations. Those treaties and documents are called "International human rights law".

Not everyone agrees on what the basic human rights are. It is clear that few countries permit all these rights. Also, there are countries in which the rights are not illegal, but nothing is done to promote them. Here is a list of some of the most recognized rights:

"See the article Fundamental rights"





Human rights abuses are when a person is hurt in a way that violates (goes against) his/her human rights. Human rights abuses are also often called "human rights violations".


Many people, groups, and countries think protecting human rights is very important. But not everyone in the world believes in human rights. If people who do not believe in human rights have political power they can hurt many people. Even if these people have no political power, they can be violent to other people. There are many people who work to protect everyone's human rights; some of these are government groups, and some are not with any government. They are sometimes called "human rights organizations". Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch are examples of human rights organizations.

In the UK, every Act of Parliament must comply with the European Convention on Human Rights. Nonetheless, a person can challenge an Act if it violates the convention. However, the Government are not bound to change the law due to incompatibility, and they have the power to pass a law that contravenes with the Human Rights, if they wish.



Nationality

The nationality of a person is that person's legal relationship with a state, for example a Swedish person's legal relationship with the kingdom of Sweden. Nationality is not identical to citizenship but in the majority of states most of the population are both citizens and nationals. Dual nationality means that the person has a legal relationship with two different states at the same time, for example with the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. The rights and duties of individual people and the states they belong to vary from country to country. 

"Nationality" can take on different meanings depending on the country, language and culture in question. For example, someone of Italian descent may be called "Italian" even if the individual, a member of the Italian diaspora, has no right to an Italian passport and citizenship. In past centuries, the usual meaning of "nationality" was not political, but rather meant membership in an ethnic group. In modern cases such as in airports, when officials ask your "nationality," they are asking to see the passport you use for travel to foreign countries.

Race

Race has many meanings in English. It can mean:

Medical ethics

Medical ethics is the set of ethical rules that medical doctors follow. These ethics guide doctors as to how they should treat patients.

The earliest set of ethical ideas in medicine was the "Hippocratic oath" (an oath is an important promise). It was supposed to be written by Hippocrates.

There are 6 major principles (important ideas):

Here are some kinds of medical ethics questions:


Sperm

Sperm are the male reproductive cells. Most animals and plants use sperm to reproduce. They have different ways of making and releasing the sperm. In all cases the sperm meets with the egg of the female and together they grow into a new organism.

The name sperm is taken from the Greek word "sperma" meaning "seed".

An animal sperm cell is capable of movement, as it has to get to the uterus to meet with the ovum. Animal sperm cells (including humans) have small 'head' and a long tail called a "flagellum". The flagellum acts like a motor to propel the sperm cell through the female reproductive system. 

Human sperm is made in the testicles of a man. Human sperm contains 23 chromosomes. A human needs 46 chromosomes, so a sperm cell is called a "haploid" as it only has half. The other half is contained within the ovum or egg of a female. During sex, semen is shot out of the man's penis during ejaculation.
Semen carries the sperm into the woman's vagina and down to the ovum in the uterus. During ejaculation millions of sperm cells are released in the semen, but only one hundred or so reach the egg.
The egg can merge with one sperm cell that reaches it. Because it now has 46 chromosomes, it is called a "diploid", like ordinary cells of the body. This diploid is called a zygote, and it can grow into a fetus and eventually a baby.

Some plants such as ferns and mosses have sperm that move. Flowering plant sperm cells cannot move by themselves. The flowering plant sperm cells are contained within pollen grains.
Thus, they rely on "transportation" to take their sperm cells to other plants. For example, a bee lands on a plant to collect the nectar. Some pollen will get stuck to the bee. The bee moves on to another plant and the pollen falls onto that plant. The sperm is moved down a "pollen tube" until it reaches the ovule at the bottom of the flower.

Semen

Semen () is the fluid that comes out from the end of a man's penis when he has an orgasm (the height of sexual excitement) and ejaculates. It is usually a white or yellowish, sticky substance made up of sperm (male cells for sexual reproduction) floating in a fluid called seminal plasma that has water and different chemicals in it. Normally, an ejaculation makes between 1.5 and 5 millilitres (up to one teaspoonful) of semen.

Many cultures around the world once thought or still think that semen has special or even magical qualities. Showing semen in forms of popular culture such as art and movies has for a long time been taboo, that is, not generally accepted by society. However, since the late 20th century, artists and moviemakers have done so more often.

The English word "semen" comes from the Latin word "sēmen", which means "seed". In fact, "seed" was an old-fashioned name for semen. The Latin word "sēmen" itself came from another Latin word, "serěre", which means "to plant (a plant into the ground) or to sow (seeds in the earth)". It was once thought that semen was like a seed that grew into a baby after being "planted" inside a woman's body.

Another name for semen is "ejaculate". Some slang words for semen are "cream", "cum", "jism", "jizz", "jazz" "load", "spooge", "spunk", "nut", or "wad".

Semen is the fluid that comes out from the end of a man's penis when he has an orgasm (the height of sexual excitement) and ejaculates. It is usually white, but may also be slightly grey or yellow. If there is blood in the semen, it can look pink or reddish. This is a condition called hematospermia, and may be because of some blockage, inflammation, infection or injury to some part of the male sex organs, such as the urethra, epididymis, prostate or testicles. A doctor should be seen if the pink or reddish colour does not go away after a few days.

Men ejaculate different amounts of semen. Normally, an ejaculation makes between 1.5 and 5 millilitres (up to one teaspoonful) of semen. More semen usually comes out if a man has not ejaculated for many days, or if he has been stimulated (made sexually excited) for a long time. Older men make less semen. If a man ejaculates an unusually small amount of semen, this is a medical condition called hypospermia.

After a man has ejaculated, semen first becomes slightly thick and sticky, and may feel a bit like jelly and clump together in globs. Scientists think that semen does this so that if the man has had sex with a woman and has ejaculated inside her vagina, the semen stays in her vagina for longer and does not leak out. Between five and 40 minutes after this, semen becomes more liquid and watery. This probably allows the sperm in the semen to move through the vagina and into the woman's uterus and Fallopian tubes to try and fertilize an ovum (egg cell). If semen is ejaculated outside the body, after becoming watery it eventually dries up.

Semen is made up of sperm (male cells for sexual reproduction) floating in a fluid called seminal plasma. Sperm, also called spermatozoa, are made by a man's testicles and mature (grow up) in the epididymis. The fluids in seminal plasma come from different glands in the man's body: the seminal vesicles, prostate and bulbourethral glands (also called the Cowper's glands). (Glands are special organs in the body that make chemicals.) The table below shows the substances that make up semen and the glands that produce them:

Seminal plasma protects and provides food for sperm as they travel inside a woman's body. The inside of a woman's vagina does not suit sperm cells as it is acidic. To protect the sperm from the acid, seminal plasma is alkaline. A woman's immune system also tries to kill organisms (living things) that are not part of her body. Seminal plasma has chemicals called prostaglandins in it to stop the woman's body from killing the sperm.

Semen that does not have any germs in it (see below) is not harmful if it is swallowed. That is common when a person has oral sex with a man and the man ejaculates in that person's mouth. Some partners are happy to swallow semen. Others prefer not to. Semen usually has a slight smell of chlorine and ammonia. Some people say semen tastes sweeter if the man eats a lot of fruit. Scientists have not proved this. Smoking, or drinking coffee, tea or colas that contain caffeine can create a bitter flavor. Semen is slimy when wet. Eventually, it dries in the air and hardens like glue. Although semen is not poisonous, it is very bad if it gets in an eye. The enzymes semen contains to penetrate the egg in a female will also attack the eye. Be careful not to ejaculate into your eye or your partner's eye. If it happens, wash the eye well with warm water.

If people get semen on their fingers during sexual foreplay, they should wash their hands with soap or detergent and warm or hot water before touching a female's sex organs. Hand sanitizer also kills sperm but should be rinsed off the hands before touching sensitive skin areas. Sperm in a swimming pool will be killed quickly by the chlorine or other chemicals in the water.

"Semen quality" refers to how well the sperm in a man's semen can fertilize a woman's ova. The better a man's semen quality is, the better chances he has to make a woman pregnant. A 1992 World Health Organization book said that an ejaculation of normal human semen has:


The number of sperm in an ejaculation of semen depends on many things. There may be more sperm if:

If there are an unusually low number of sperm in an ejaculation, this is called oligospermia. If there are no sperm at all, this is called azoospermia. A man with oligospermia or azoospermia is usually infertile, and cannot or finds it very hard to make a woman pregnant by having sex with her.

If the semen does not have infections, it is okay to swallow semen. A woman cannot get pregnant from swallowing semen in her mouth. It is okay if a man swallows his own semen.

Studies seem to say that semen is an anti-depressant. This means that it causes women not to feel depressed or sad. The studies found that when men had sex with women without using condoms, and the men's semen was taken into the women's vaginas, the women had better moods and felt happier. Scientists do not yet know if the same thing happens when semen is swallowed after oral sex, but some of them think it may.

If a man has a sexually transmitted infection or STI (an infection that is passed from one person to another by sex), the germs that cause the disease can appear in his semen. If the person that the man has sex with touches the semen, he or she can become infected by the germs and pick up the disease. HIV, chlamydia, gonorrhea, hepatitis B, herpes and syphillis are examples of STIs. Human papillomavirus (HPV), which is very common and has many types, can increase the risk of throat cancer. Vaccinating young people (both girls and boys) before the age when they might try oral sex can reduce their risk of contracting HPV. The United States CDC says the HPV vaccine should be given at age 11 or 12 years but says that HPV vaccination can be started at age 9. One of the ways for a man to lower the chance of passing on an STI to his sexual partner is to wear a condom on his penis when having sex. While it is very common for people to use a condom when having sexual intercourse (vaginal or anal sex,) very few people use a condom when having oral sex. Getting semen in your mouth can be bad if the penis or semen has infections, especially you have a cut or sore in your mouth.

If semen gets in the eye, the eye will hurt. Wash the eye with warm water. Wash the eye for a few minutes. Some doctors say to get tested for infections.

Some scientists think that parts of semen, such as sperm and seminal plasma, can make another person's immune system weaker. Experiments show that when substances in a man's semen enter another person's body, that person's body makes antibodies. Antibodies are large Y-shaped proteins used by the body's immune system to stop foreign objects from harming the body. However, the antibodies made in response to substances in semen attack one of the body's own cells, called T lymphocytes. This weakens the body's immune system.

In a very small number of cases, people have experienced allergic reactions when they touched semen. This is called human seminal plasma hypersensitivity. The symptoms (signs of the medical problem) can either be near the part of the body which touched the semen, or all over the body. They may include itching of the vagina, redness, swelling or blisters within 30 minutes of contact. They may also include itching and hives (large, red, itchy patches) all over the body, and even difficulty breathing.

The best way to test for human seminal plasma hypersensitivity is for a man to use a condom when having sex. When a condom is used, after ejaculation the man's semen stays inside the condom and does not touch the body of the person he is having sex with. If the man's sexual partner usually has allergic symptoms to semen but does not have any when a condom is used, this may show that his partner's body is extra-sensitive to semen. A person can often get over a mild semen allergy by coming into contact with semen often. If the allergic reaction is very bad, the person should see a doctor, especially if she is a woman trying to get pregnant. In such cases, it may be necessary for the woman to have a baby through artificial insemination. This is a medical way of fertilizing a woman's ova using a man's sperm without the man and the woman having sexual intercourse.

Many cultures around the world once thought or still think that semen has special or even magical qualities. Some examples are set out below:

Displaying semen in forms of popular culture such as art and movies has for a long time been taboo, that is, not generally accepted by society. However, since the late 20th century artists and moviemakers have done so more often.

The American photographer Andres Serrano sometimes takes photographs of body fluids and displays them as artworks. One example is "Blood and Semen II" (1990), which is a picture of blood and semen mixed together. Some people are shocked by such pictures and think it is wrong of him to make them, while others think that as an artist he is free to create such works. Another of Serrano's pictures, "Blood and Semen III", was featured on the cover of the 1996 music album "Load" by the American heavy metal band Metallica.

The United Kingdom-based artists Gilbert Proesch and George Passmore, better known as Gilbert and George, have also used semen and other body fluids to create artworks.

Apart from pornographic movies showing people having sex, semen is usually not shown in movies as many people think that doing so is obscene (not decent). However, some movies that have shown semen are the American comedy movies "There's Something about Mary" (1998), "American Pie" (1999), "Scary Movie" (2000) and "Scary Movie 2" (2001). In the Spanish movie "Y tu mamá también" ("And Your Mother Too", 2001), there is a scene where two high-school boys who are friends lie on diving boards over a swimming pool and masturbate (make themselves sexually excited). Semen is later shown floating on the water. Such movies are usually not thought to be suitable for children to watch.

Bilbao

Bilbao () is a city in the Basque Country, in the North of Spain. There are 350,000 people living in Bilbao. 

In Bilbao is the Nervión river, which ends in the Bay of Biscay. Bilbao has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Köppen climate classification).

Bilbao was an industrial city, but today it is a tourist city. There are many things to see in Bilbao:




Middle school

In the United States, a middle school is a school between elementary school (grades 1-5, 1-7, 1-6, 1-4 or 1-8) and high school (grades 9-12 or 10-12). Depending on location, middle school contains grades 5-8, 6-8, 7-8, or 7-9. Middle school is also sometimes called an intermediate school, junior high school or just "junior high".

The school day is often very different in elementary, middle, and high schools. Unlike elementary schools, where students often stay with one or two teachers for most of the school day, middle school is usually the first time in which students change teachers after each class of usually about one hour. Students often study 6 subjects. They will be taught by a different teacher for each subject.

The change from a one teacher-all subjects way of teaching helps create more independence for the pupil. They no longer have the guidance of just one main teacher. Also, students will often have more of a choice in what classes they take. This is mainly in dealing with subjects which are taken in addition to the basic subjects such as mathematics, English, history and general science.

In general, middle school acts as a transition between the elementary school structure where most people are all treated the same and the high school structure were most people are treated as individuals. However, some critics see middle schools as having gone "soft," overemphasizing self-esteem building at the expense of academic rigor.

Historically, local public control (and private alternatives) have allowed for some variation in the organization of schools. Elementary school includes kindergarten through to sixth grade, or kindergarten through to fifth grade, i.e., up to age 12, but some elementary schools have four or eight grades, i.e., up to ages 10 or 14 (also known as the intermediate grades). Basic subjects are taught and pupils often remain in one or two classrooms throughout the school day, except for physical education, library, music, art, and computer classes. In 2001, there were about 3.6 million children in each grade in the United States. "Middle schools" and "junior high schools" are schools that span grades 5 or 6 to 8 and 7 to 8, respectively, but junior high schools spanning grades 7 to 9 are also common.

The range defined by either is often based on demographic factors, such as an increase or decrease in the relative numbers of younger or older students, with the aim of maintaining stable school populations. At this time, pupils are given more independence, moving to different classrooms for different subjects, which includes math, social studies, science, and language arts. Also, pupils are able to choose some of their class subjects (electives). Usually, starting in ninth or tenth grade, grades become part of a pupil's official transcript. In the U.S., children within this grade-range are sometimes referred to as "junior highers".

The “junior high school” concept was introduced in 1909, in Columbus, Ohio. Junior high schools were created for "bridging the gap between the elementary and the high school", an emphasis credited to Charles W. Eliot. In the late 19th century and early 20th century, most American elementary schools had grades 1 through 8, and this organization still exists, where some concepts of middle school organization have been adapted to the intermediate grades. As time passed, the junior high school concept increased quickly as new school districts proliferated, or systems modernized buildings and curricula. This expansion continued through the 1960s. Jon Wiles, author of "Developing Successful K–8 Schools: A Principal's Guide", said that "[a] major problem" for the original model was "the inclusion of the ninth grade", because of the lack of instructional flexibility, due to the requirement of having to earn high school credits in the ninth grade and that "the fully adolescent ninth grader in junior high school did not seem to belong with the students experiencing the onset of puberty".

The new "middle school" model began to appear in the mid-1960s. Wiles said, "At first, it was difficult to determine the difference between a junior high school and a middle school, but as the middle school became established, the differences became more pronounced".

The faculty is organised into academic departments that operate more or less independently of one another.

The middle school format has now replaced the junior high format by a ratio of about ten to one in the United States, but at least two school districts had incorporated both systems in 2010.

List of Disney animated movies

Below is a list of animated movies from Walt Disney Pictures/The Walt Disney Company. For a list of live-action movies from the company, see List of Disney movies.

The following is a list of movies which are said to be the Walt Disney Feature Animation (WDFA) canon. They are also known as the Walt Disney Animated Classics. The canon includes animated movies that were or are being produced entirely by WDFA. Movies which are not part of the canon are movies which include both animation and live-action, spin-offs from Disney television programs, the direct-to-video movies produced by the DisneyToons studio in Australia (some of which received theatrical releases), or the Pixar movies (which Disney "presents" but does not produce). WDFA once announced that "Home on the Range" (released April 2, 2004) would be its final traditionally animated movie. They also said that from "Chicken Little" (released November 4, 2005) onwards, all future WDFA movies will be computer animated. However, this changed in July 2006 when a new traditionally animated movie, "The Princess and the Frog", was revealed to be in development.


The following is a list of films that were released by Miramax Films when the studio was a subsidiary of Disney at the time of release.

Notes


Release Notes

Studio/Production Notes
Studio Ghibli films original release dates

List of Disney movies

This is a list of movies produced by Disney and its current label, Walt Disney Pictures. In December 14th 2017 - The Walt Disney Company acquired 21st Century Fox for $52.4 billion.

All movies listed are theatrical releases and/or US movies unless specified. Movies labeled with a ‡ symbol signify a direct-to-video release or streaming release exclusively through Disney+; a † symbol signifies a premium video on demand release through Disney+; a § symbol signifies a simultaneous release to theatres and on premium video on demand; a * symbol signifies a non-US movie.

Movies not produced by Walt Disney Pictures are not on this list, even if they distributed it. This list also does not include movies labeled, produced or distributed by other Disney imprints or subsidiaries, and does not include any direct-to-video releases or theatrical re-releases. Disney films; Disney, Pixar, Touchstone Pictures, Miramax Films, Hollywood Pictures, Marvel Comics, Lucasfilm, PBS Films and Onyx Collective/NPR documentaries.

This list is not for movies produced by Disneynature or Touchstone Pictures.

These films are unspecified but have confirmed dates from The Walt Disney Studios.

Ku Klux Klan

The Ku Klux Klan is an American white supremacist hate group. It was started in Pulaski, Tennessee on December 24, 1865 and quickly spread among white people in the southern United States. Most of its hate has been towards African Americans, but it has also attacked Catholics, Jews and immigrants. Known as the KKK for short, it has sought to keep "white power", often through very violent acts, including killing people. The first Ku Klux Klan broke up and does not exist anymore. However, other groups with the same name and the same ideas have been created.

The group was started after the American Civil War. It began as a social club for former Confederate soldiers, who during the war fought to defend slavery. The Klan quickly became a terrorist organization. It was one of several resistance movements against the Reconstruction of the United States.

When the KKK started, the ex-Confederacy states were occupied by soldiers from the north. Klan members feared white people in the South could lose their supremacy over black people. The Klan acted against black voters to intimidate them. At times, Republicans were also targets of attacks by the Klan,

The methods of acting against people were often the same: the Klan members tried to frighten the people that the Klan wanted to go out of town. The KKK tried to scare people by burning crosses or by threatening them. If people did not react, the Klan would kill them. The growing violence which was promoted by the KKK led to many lynchings (execution without a fair trial and killing them, often by hanging). The KKK was "prohibited" (made against the law) in 1871. After 1871, many KKK members were imprisoned (put in Prison). However, the Klan had achieved many of its original goals. For example, the occupation troops were moved out of the Southern states, to the West. The KKK affected many African Americans throughout the last century. The establishment of Jim Crow laws restored white supremacy in the South and the "first era" KKK disbanded.

In 1915, William J. Simmons, an Atlanta businessman, started the Ku Klux Klan for a second time. A movie called "The Birth of a Nation" had just been released. It showed African-American men (played by white actors in blackface) as stupid and sexually aggressive towards white women. It also showed the Ku Klux Klan as a heroic force. The movie proved to be an excellent recruitment tool for the KKK. Most of the rituals and traditions of the "old" Ku Klux Klan were kept. Any white Protestant man could join the KKK. The KKK still attacked African Americans, but they also attacked Jews and Catholics this time. In 1920, the Klan began attracting recruits from all over the nation. They promised better law enforcement, better government, better schools and to restore traditional family values.

The KKK strongly argued for "white supremacy". "White supremacy" is the belief that white people are superior to other racial groups.

In 86 years, the KKK killed an estimated 3,446 black people. Most often these were hangings and were not legal executions because there were no trials. Many people now call these acts a form of terrorism because the KKK used fear to control African Americans and take away their political rights. After reaching its height of political influence, the second Klan began to decline. There was a number of scandals, a great deal of internal feuding and people getting tired of their violent image. In the 1920s they had reached a peak of about 5 million members. By the 1930s they were down to about 30,000. They survived another 14 years before disbanding in 1944. This was after they had been prosecuted for failure to pay federal income taxes.

In 1954, the United States Supreme Court (the highest court in the US) made an important decision. The case was "Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, Kansas". The court "ruled" (decided) that it was unconstitutional to have different schools for black and white children. When this ruling passed, many independent Ku Klux Klan groups attacked African Americans.

In the summer of 1964, Edgar Killen killed three African Americans who participated in the civil rights movement. Killen was a member of the Ku Klux Klan. There was an early trial in 1967, but in this trial there was an all-white jury. It resulted in a hung jury so Killen was set free. In 1988 a movie called "Mississippi Burning" was made which talked about the events of this case. In 2005 there was another trial. Killen (at the time 80 years old) was sentenced to prison for 60 years. He died on January 11, 2018 in prison in Parchman, Mississippi at age 92.

In 2011 they were estimated to be perhaps as many as 5,000 members.

Brown v. Board of Education

Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, 347 U.S. 483 (1954) (full name George Brown, et al. v. Board of Education of Topeka, Kansas) was a Landmark decision by the Supreme Court of the United States.

In 1950 in Topeka, Kansas, a black third-grade girl named Linda Carol Brown had to run more than a mile through a railroad switchyard to get to her segregated school for black children. However, there was an elementary school for white children less than seven blocks away. At that time, many schools in the United States were segregated. Black children and white children were not allowed to go to the same schools.

Her father, Oliver Brown, tried to get Linda into the white school, but the principal of the school refused. Twelve more black parents joined Oliver Brown in trying to get their children into the white elementary school. The two schools were supposed to be "separate but equal." However, they were not.

In 1951, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) helped the parents file a class action lawsuit. There were five lawsuits in Kansas, South Carolina, Virginia, Delaware, and the District of Columbia about having black students going to legally segregated schools. In 1896, the Supreme Court had ruled in "Plessy v. Ferguson" that segregation was legal, as long as separate places for blacks and whites were "separate but equal." The NAACP's lawyers argued that the white and black schools in Topeka were not "separate but equal."

Kenneth Clark is a psychologist that gave young African-American children black and white dolls to see how they felt about segregation and integration. The children liked the white dolls. After the doll test, Clark also gave the black children drawings of a kid and asked them to color it like themselves. Some of the children colored themselves with a white or yellow crayon, which was also used in the case.

The case eventually went all the way to the Supreme Court. After years of work, in 1954, Thurgood Marshall and a team of other NAACP lawyers won the case. It was named "Brown" because she was alphabetically the first name on the list of plaintiffs. After the lawsuit many of the plaintiffs lost their jobs and respect in society.

The Supreme Court has nine justices. The vote on Brown "v. Board of Education" was unanimous, meaning that all nine justices voted the same way. One of the judges, Robert Jackson, had recently had a heart attack and was not supposed to come back to court until the next month. However, he came to the court when the judges read their decision, possibly to show that every one of the judges agreed.

The ruling in the case was written by Earl Warren, who was Chief Justice. He said "“separate educational facilities are inherently unequal."" This decision made the racial segregation of schools against the law in every US state.

Some states did not obey this court decision at first. The supreme Court ruled the schools had up to 5 years to desegregate. It was not until the early 1970s that all United States public schools were integrated (the opposite of segregated). Integrating America's schools required many state and Supreme Court decisions to force schools to integrate.



Well

A well is a hole that is dug into the Earth to get a fluid. Most wells are to get water. There are also oil well s and gas wells. 

A qanat is an ancient complex water well system used in the Middle East. Wells can be as simple as a hole that a bucket on a rope can be lowered into, or very complex with pipes and high-powered pumps to get the water out. Most cities that are not close to fresh water lakes or rivers get their water from wells. 

It is important to be careful what rubbish is put into the ground near a well. If something toxic is put in the ground, it could go in the groundwater and the well and make people sick.

Water is a problem for many African countries. Many charities are helping to build wells in local villages need not go far to get water.

A well only works if underneath there is an aquifer which feeds it.

Honey

Honey is a food made by honeybees from nectar. They put the honey into a honeycomb, which for them is a storage unit. Honey is sweet and can be used instead of sugar. It is a supersaturated liquid. As the temperature drops, glucose comes out of solution. Then it is a semi-solid rather than a liquid.

Honey is first mentioned in the Book of Exodus, and is often linked with pleasant and comfortable things. "Land of Milk and honey". It is also referenced in the Qur'an, with similar associations to good and evil.

The name honey is derived from the Old English ''.

Much like wine, there are several kinds of honey with different tastes, colors and textures. Some common types are got from bees who use the clover flower's pollen. It is thick and has a medium color. It tends to form crystals or grains more quickly when exposed to air. Acacia flowers make another common variety.

Honey from bees using flowers from oleanders, rhododendrons, some laurels, and azaleas may cause honey intoxication. Symptoms include dizziness, weakness, sweating, nausea, and vomiting. 

Expert beekeepers solve this problem by moving their hives to areas where the right flowers are available. Bees like to get their nectar locally, and do not go more than two miles from the hive.

Honey tastes quite different according to which flowers the bees used. Key things are its smell, taste and how clear it is; also no bad qualities.

Most microorganisms cannot grow in honey and a honey that's packed therefore does not get spoiled. Samples of honey discovered in archaeological contexts in Egypt and some other countries have proven that honey is perfectly edible even after thousands of years.

Honey can be classified by the type of flower that the bees make the honey from.
Most commercially available honey is a mixture of two or more honeys that differ in the source of the flower, color, flavor, density, or geographic origin.
Polyfloral honey, also called wildflower honey, is gotten from the nectar of many types of flowers. The taste may be different from year to year, and the smell and the taste can be more or less powerful, depending on which flowers are blooming.
Monofloral honey is made mainly from the nectar of one type of flower. To make monofloral honey, beekeepers keep beehives in place where the bees have access, as far as possible, to only one type of flower. However, a small amount of any monofloral honey will be from other flower types.

Honey can be classified by packaging and processing.

In 2017, the world produced 1.9million tonnes of honey. China produced 29% of the world total. Other major producers were Turkey, Iran, United States, and Ukraine.

Sweet

Sweet can mean:


Cracker

A cracker is a thin and crispy piece of baked bread. Crackers can be eaten by themselves, but they can also be eaten with things on them called toppings. Common toppings include cheese, peanut butter, and sliced meats. Crackers are most often eaten as a snack, or crumbled into soup.
It was 1792 when Theodore Pearson of Newburyport, Massachusetts, made a cracker-like bread that was made from only water and flour which he called "Pearson's Pilot Bread." This was the first cracker bakery in the United States, and made crackers for more than a century.

Surgery

Surgery is an operation that involves cutting, taking out, changing or fixing parts of the human body. Doctors who do surgeries are called surgeons. Many surgeons are experts in certain areas; for example, a surgeon that operates on bones is called an orthopaedic surgeon.

Surgery (operations) can be very simple, like taking a tooth out. Surgery can also be very complicated, like repairing a damaged heart.

Operating rooms have to be very clean places. The doctors and nurses go to great lengths to keep the room clean where the surgery is done. Regular cleaning of the room and its tools keeps everything clean and germ-free.

Everyone in the operating room must wear special clothes, hats, shoes, gowns, gloves and masks that are clean and germ free. The only people allowed there are the doctors and nurses as well as the patient.

When people have operations they are normally put to sleep with general anaesthesia. When the patients are asleep, they cannot feel anything. In some kinds of surgery local anesthesia (stopping the pain in the place where the cutting is done) is enough.

In recent years, many patients that cannot get the required surgery in their own country, or find the costs too high, travel to another country for medical care. This is called medical tourism.


Pizza

Pizza is an Italian food that was created in Italy (The Naples area). It is made with different toppings. Some of the most common toppings are cheese, sausages, pepperoni, vegetables, tomatoes, spices and herbs and basil. These toppings are added over a piece of bread covered with sauce. The sauce is most often tomato-based, but butter-based sauces are used, too. The piece of bread is usually called a "pizza crust". Almost any kind of topping can be put over a pizza. The toppings used are different in different parts of the world. Pizza comes from Italy from Neapolitan cuisine. However, it has become popular in many parts of the world.

The origin of the word "Pizza" is uncertain. The food was invented in Naples about 200 years ago. It is the name for a special type of flatbread, made with special dough. The pizza enjoyed a second birth as it was taken to the United States in the late 19th century.

Flatbreads, like the focaccia from Liguria, have been known for a very long time. Pizzas need to be baked at temperatures of 200250 °C. Hardly any household oven could reach such temperatures at the time. Because of this, the pizza was made at home, and then given to the town bakery to bake. In June 1889, the Neapolitan chef Raffaele Esposito created the "Margherita" in honour of Queen Margherita, and was the first pizza to include cheese. 

Pizza was brought to the United States with Italian immigrants in the late nineteenth century; and first appeared in areas where Italian immigrants concentrated. The country's first pizzeria (place that focuses in pizza), Lombardi's, opened in 1905. Veterans returning from World War II's Italian Campaign were a ready market for pizza. Since then, pizza consumption has increased in the U.S. Pizza chains such as Domino's, Pizza Hut, and Papa John's, have outlets all over the nation. Thirteen percent of the U.S. population eats pizza on any given day. 

In the 20th century, pizza has become an international food. The toppings may be quite different depending on the local tastes. These pizzas consist of the same basic design. They also include many types of ingredients such as anchovies, egg, pineapple, banana, coconut, sauerkraut, eggplant, kimchi, lamb, couscous, chicken, fish, and shellfish. Sometimes, meats prepared in styles such as Greek lamb, Gyros or chicken tikka masala, and non-traditional spices such as curry and Thai sweet chili are added too. Pizzas can also be made without meat for vegetarians, and without cheese, for vegans.

Neapolitan pizza ("pizza Napoletana"). Authentic Neapolitan pizzas are made with local ingredients like San Marzano tomatoes, which grow on the volcanic plains to the south of Mount Vesuvius and Mozzarella di Bufala Campana, made with the milk from water buffalo raised in the marshlands of Campania and Lazio in a semi-wild state (this mozzarella is protected by its own European law). 

The genuine Neapolitan pizza dough consists of Italian flour, natural Neapolitan yeast or brewer's yeast, salt and water.The dough must be kneaded by hand or with a low-speed mixer. After the rising process, the dough must be formed by hand without the help of a rolling pin or other mechanical device, and may be no more than 3 mm (1/8 in) thick. 

Pizza is cooked in an oven. When cooked, it should be crispy, tender and fragrant. Neapolitan pizza has gained the status of "guaranteed traditional specialty" in Italy. This admits only three official variants: Pizza marinara, which is made with tomato, garlic, oregano and extra virgin olive oil (although most Neapolitan pizzerias also add basil to the marinara), Pizza Margherita, made with tomato,mozzarella, basil and extra virgin olive oil, and Pizza Margherita DOC made with tomato, buffalo mozzarella from Campania in fillets, basil and extra virgin olive oil.

Lazio style: Pizza in Lazio (Rome), as well as in many other parts of Italy is available in 2 different "flavors": 1) In take-away shops so-called "Pizza Rustica" or "Pizza a Taglio". Pizza is cooked in long, rectangular baking pans and relatively thick (1–2 cm). The crust similar to that of an English muffin and mostly cooked in an electric oven. When purchased, it is usually cut with scissors or knife and priced by weight. 2) In Pizza Restaurants (Pizzerias) it is served in a dish in its traditional round shape.

Other types of Lazio-style pizza include:


Sicilian-style pizza has its toppings baked directly into the crust. 

White pizza ("pizza bianca") uses no tomato sauce, often substituting pesto or dairy products such as sour cream. Most commonly, especially on the East Coast of the United States, the toppings consist only of mozzarella and ricotta cheese drizzled with olive oil and basil and garlic. In Rome, the term "pizza bianca" refers to a type of bread topped only with olive oil. Some white pizzas use Alfredo sauce as the pizza sauce for a better flavor.

Pizza al taglio or pizza al trancio was invented in Rome. It is usually rectangular, and sold by weight. The name translates to pizza by the slice. Stands selling pizza al taglio are common in Italy. It is also common in other areas of the world where there are many Italian immigrants. 

Antica Pizzeria Port'Alba, the first pizzeria in Italy, started making pizzas in 1738 and still serves pizza today.

Some global pizza franchises are Pizza Hut, Domino's Pizza, Cici's Pizza, Papa John's and Little Caesars.

Frozen pizza is pizza that has been prepared beforehand, and is then deep-frozen, to be distributed in supermarkets. It is among the most successful and popular types of convenience food. It is prepared slightly differently: First the dough with the tomato sauce is pre-cooked, then the toppings are added. The dough of frozen pizza is different. Its dough also contains modified starch and leavening agents. This makes it possible to cook the pizza directly, without first defrosting it. One main frozen pizza brand is Digiorno. 

Pepperoni

Pepperoni is a meat food that is sometimes sliced thin and put on pizza. It is a kind of salami, which can be quite spicy. It comes from the United States.

Conception

Conception has different meanings:


Abdomen

The abdomen is the part of the body that is between the chest and the thigh. It contains (has in it) the abdominal muscles and many organs. Some of the organs in the abdomen are:

Heaven

Heaven, also known as Paradise, the Garden or Kingdom Come, is a place where good people go when they die. It is a concept of the afterlife (what happens after somebody dies) in many religions. Some people who believe in heaven say it is a perfect place. They believe heaven is where people go after they die if they have been good in life. Some people also believe in Hell, a place bad people go when they die if they have been bad in life. Ideas of Heaven and Hell are not the same in all religions.

According to the Bible, there are different meanings for the word:

The Bible does not have a lot to say about what it looks like. The apostle Paul tells about a vision he had of being taken up to "the third heaven," where he saw and heard things too wonderful to describe. But, much of what Christians believe Heaven to be like comes from the vision that John saw in a vision while praying, including:

Catholics believe Mary is the Queen of Heaven, officially defined by Pope Pius XII in 1954. However many Protestants see this as not in the Bible.

According to the Quran and Hadith, Heaven is a place of reward for those believers who accept the true faith and practices the teaching of Prophet Muhammad. The eternal life will be perfect, with thousands of types of food and clothing more beautiful than humans could ever imagine. There will also be no sad feelings, stress or pain and related problems of life.

Baha'is believe that Heaven or (hell) being specific places as symbolic. The Aqdas, the holy book of Baha'is, along with other Baha'i books, describe heaven as a "spiritual condition" where being close to God is called heaven. Hell is seen as being separated from God. Bahá'u'lláh, the founder of the Bahá'í Faith, said that the afterlife is beyond human understanding.

Summerland is the name given by Wiccans and other Pagan (old European religions) to their belief of afterlife (life after death).

Button

A button can have three meanings.


Multiprocessing

Multiprocessing is the use of two or more central processing units (CPUs) within a single computer system. The CPUs do not have to be the same. Systems that treat all CPUs equally are called symmetric multiprocessing (SMP) systems.


Computer multitasking

Multitasking means that a computer can run more than one item of software in the same time frame; switching between several computer programs running on a single CPU. It can also refer to a person who is working on more than one task at the same time (for instance, talking on the telephone while filing papers).

Computers which can appear to run more than one program even with only one CPU. Computer scientists solve the problem that a CPU can only do one thing at a time by programming it so that it switches rapidly between tasks. This happens so rapidly that it appears that the computer is running more than one program at once. This is called "multiprogramming". This action is often controlled by the operating system (OS) controlling the hardware of the system.

The more things the computer has to do at once, the more time it has to spend deciding which to give more time to, and the less time each one receives. This tends to make the computer perform its tasks more slowly, unless it uses a multi-core processor, acting as multiple CPUs, which is called "multiprocessing".


Multithreading

Multithreading means that a computer can work on different parts of the same program at the same time. This usually allows the program to run faster.


Fertilization

Fertilization (British English spelling: fertilisation) is when a male's sperm enters a female's ovum (or "egg"). Fertilization is also called "conception". Biologists call a fertilized egg a zygote. A zygote grows into an embryo.

Fertilization occurs in animals, including humans and birds, in plants, fungi, protists, in fact all eukaryotes. Fertilization makes a cell with twice as many chromosomes. The eukaryote life cycle includes meiosis which divides the chromosome number in half.

In animals, there are two types of fertilization, internal and external. Internal fertilization happens in the female body. External fertilization happens outside of the body. Mammals, birds, and reptiles use internal fertilization. Amphibians and most fish use external fertilization. Some animals with internal fertilization give birth to live offspring. Others such as birds, most reptiles, and some mammals such as the Platypus, lay eggs.

Internal fertilization happens during mating (sexual intercourse in humans). Sperm cells travel from the male testicles to the female uterus. One sperm attaches to the egg in the uterus. Together, they become a zygote.


Decision

The word Decision can refer to different concepts:




Whiteboard

A whiteboard, also called a markerboard, is a drawing surface on which markings made with markers are visible. It is used as a surface to write on. Whiteboards are often used to help teach. Special markers are used that can be erased. Whiteboards usually have a shiny surface. Before there were whiteboards, people used blackboards so much. Chalks are used for writing on blackboards. Now, there is another improvement, people are now using electronic whiteboards, where it is controlled by a computer - this is sometimes called an interactive whiteboard (IWB). These were particularly popular in English schools in the 2000s.


Chemist

A chemist is a scientist who studies chemistry. In England, it can also mean a pharmacist (person who dispenses prescription medication). 

Chemistry is the study of elements, atoms, molecules, and how they react together. Chemists research and test medicines, fuels, foods, explosives, household chemicals, plastics, and a lot of other things. Chemistry is an important science. It helps industry and pharmacology.

Chemists are people who study compounds and find new ways to do chemical reactions. They make chemicals in order to find new ways to do things, like to make a better glue, or to make new medicines, or to make things clean, for example. They also use compounds to find out more about the laws of chemistry. 

Biologist

A biologist is a scientist who studies biology. Biologists study living organisms.
There are many different kinds of biologists. Some of these include:


Francesco Redi is the creator of experimwntal biology. Robert Hooke was an English philosopher. He used a microscope to discover the "cell". Charles Darwin and Alfred Wallace found evolution independently, without the help of the other.

Testicular cancer

Testicular cancer is cancer in one or both testicles, a part of the male reproductive system. In the United States, about 8,000 to 9,000 people are diagnosed with the cancer every year. Every male has a 1 in 250 (four tenths of one percent, or 0.4%) chance of being diagnosed with it. It is most common among males aged 15-40 years. Testicular cancer has one of the highest cure rates of all cancers; more than 90%. This is most often achieved by removing one or both testicles. Even in the small number of cases where the cancer has spread widely, chemotherapy offers a cure rate of at least 50%.

Because testicular cancer is curable (stage I can have a success rate of >95%) when detected early, experts recommend regular monthly testicular self-examination after a hot shower or bath, when the scrotum is looser. Men are advised to feel each testicle, feeling for pea-shaped lumps.
Symptoms of testicular cancer include one or more of the following:

How bad the cancer is and whether it is present at all is often discovered through ultrasound of the testicles, x-rays, and/or CT scans. Blood tests are also used to identify and measure tumour markers that are only in a person's blood if they have testicular cancer. Biopsies should not be performed because it increases the risk of migrating cancer cells into the scrotum.

Future

The future is something that has not happened yet. Once that something has happened, it is called the past. If it is happening now, it is called the present. And the study of social advancement in the future is called futurology.

Movies, television shows and books that tell made-up stories about the future are often called science fiction, but there is also science fiction which takes place in the past, and fiction that takes place in the future but is not science fiction.

Fetus

A fetus or foetus is the stage that an organism goes through before it is born as a baby. In humans a fetus is the stage (time of development) after the embryonic stage, and begins during the third to eighth week of development after fertilization of the egg. The "fetal" stage lasts from 8 weeks after fertilization to birth. This stage can also take 9-12 weeks, if any mutations happen.

Past

The past is something that has already happened. If something has not happened yet, it is called the future.

Professors and researchers that study the events of the past, and try to explain why these events happened are called history professors or historians.

Many books, movies, and television shows tell made-up stories about the past. These are called historical fiction. Some books, movies, and television shows from a style called science fiction or fantasy tell made-up stories about being able to travel through time back to the past.

Particle

A particle is a tiny bit of matter that makes up everything in the universe. In particle physics, an elementary particle is a particle which cannot be split up into smaller pieces.

There are many different types of particles, with different particle sizes and properties.

"Macroscopic particles" are particles that are larger than atoms or molecules. They have volume and shape. Powder and dust are some examples of macroscopic particles. Nanoparticles are an intermediate size, being a very fine powder but much larger than atoms.

Atoms and molecules are called "microscopic particles". "Subatomic particles" are particles that are smaller than atoms. The proton, the neutron, and the electron are subatomic particles. These are the particles which make atoms. The proton has a positive charge (a + charge). The neutron has a neutral charge. The electron has a negative charge (a - charge), and it is the smallest of these three particles. In atoms, there is a small nucleus in the center, which is where the protons and neutrons are, and electrons orbit the nucleus.

Protons and neutrons are made up of quarks. Quarks are subatomic particles, but they are also elementary particles because we do not know if they are made up of even smaller particles. There are six different types of quarks. These are the up quark, the down quark, the strange quark, the charm quark, the bottom quark, and the top quark. A neutron is made of two down quarks and one up quark. The proton is made up of two up quarks and one down quark.

Ellen DeGeneres

Ellen Lee DeGeneres (born January 26, 1958) is an American stand-up comedian, television host and actress. She is the host of the talk show "The Ellen DeGeneres Show". She starred in two television sitcoms, "Ellen" from 1994 to 1998 and "The Ellen Show" from 2001 to 2002. She is seen as a very generous person when it comes to giving presents on her talk show "The Ellen DeGeneres Show." She is also seen as an inspiration to people to be who you are. 

During the fourth season of "Ellen" in 1997, DeGeneres came out publicly as a lesbian in an appearance on "The Oprah Winfrey Show". Since 2004, DeGeneres has been in a relationship with Australian actress Portia de Rossi. They were married on August 16, 2008.

Ellen Lee DeGeneres was born at Ochsner Foundation Hospital in Jefferson, Louisiana, She is the daughter of Elizabeth Jane "Betty" Pfeffer DeGeneres, a speech therapist, and Elliott Everett DeGeneres, an insurance agent. She has one brother, Vance. Her brother is a musician and producer. She is of French, English, German, and Irish ancestry. She was raised as a Christian Scientist until age 13. In 1973, her parents filed for separation and were divorced the following year. Shortly after, Ellen's mother married Roy Gruessendorf, a salesman. Betty Jane and Ellen moved with Gruessendorf from the New Orleans area to Atlanta, Texas. Vance stayed with his father.

DeGeneres graduated from Atlanta High School in May 1976. Her first years of high school were at Grace King High School in Metairie, Louisiana. She moved back to New Orleans to attend the University of New Orleans, where she majored in communication studies. After one semester, she left school to do clerical work in a law firm with a cousin, Laura Gillen. She also held a job selling clothes at the chain store the Merry-Go-Round at the Lakeside Shopping Center.

Her early jobs included working at J. C. Penney, being a waitress at TGI Friday's and another restaurant, a house painter, a hostess, and a bartender. She talks about her experiences as a child and at work in her comedic work.

On a February 9, 2011, episode of "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", DeGeneres shared a letter from the New England Historic Genealogical Society. It said that she is Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge's 15th cousin via their shared common ancestor Thomas Fairfax. Madonna is DeGeneres' eleventh cousin.

In 2007, "Forbes" said that DeGeneres's has a financial worth of about US$65 million.

She is a fan of the National Football League, and has shown particular support for the New Orleans Saints and the Green Bay Packers. In 2011, she attended a Saints practice dressed as Packers Hall of Famer Don Hutson.

In November 2011, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton named her a Special Envoy for Global AIDS Awareness.

DeGeneres took a selfie at the 86th Academy Awards in 2014 with actors such as Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie, Bradley Cooper, Jared Leto, and Lupita Nyong'o. It became the most retweeted image ever on Twitter, with over 3 million retweets.









Rosie O'Donnell

Roseann "Rosie" O'Donnell (born March 21, 1962) is an American television personality, actress, comedienne and writer. She gained exposure by appearing on "Star Search", a talent show.

Her daytime talk show, "The Rosie O'Donnell Show", began in 1996 and ran until 2002. She briefly hosted a primetime talk show on the Oprah Winfrey Network called "The Rosie Show" from 2011 until 2012.

O'Donnell won an Emmy Award in 1999. She is openly lesbian and has been married twice. She has adopted five children.

O'Donnell was the host of the panel talk show "The View" on ABC from 2006 until 2007, when she was replaced by Whoopi Goldberg. She returned to "The View" in 2014 for a few months.

In August 2012, O'Donnell suffered a heart attack. She hosted a stand-up comedy event that aired on HBO for Valentine's Day in 2015, called "Rosie O'Donnell: A Heartfelt Standup". In the documentary, she detailed her life since her heart attack.

She has appeared on the Showtime series "Smilf" as the character Tutu since 2017.

In October 2018, she became engaged to Boston police officer Elizabeth Rooney. They dated for a year beforehand.



Ass

Ass can mean different things:



Tissue

A Tissue forms part of an organ in plants or animals. Tissues are groups of cells that work together to do a job in the body. They are a group of cells having the same origin, structure and function. The cells look the same or almost the same. The work the cells in a tissue do is the same or almost the same. 

The four main kinds of tissue in animals are:

Organs are made up of more than one kind of tissue. The heart is an organ. It is made up of different tissues. It has muscle tissue called myocardium. It has connective tissue on the inside (endocardium), and on the outside (pericardium). The heart has valves that make sure the blood goes the right way through the heart. So the heart is an organ made from several tissues. 

The study of the structure of tissues under a microscope is called histology.

Cock

Cock can mean different things:


Shit

Shit is a slang word for feces. Shit is a swear word (an offensive, rude, or impolite word) to most English speakers. It can mean bad things other than feces, depending on the context. It can be used as an angry exclamation, which is something said loudly or with strong emotion. It can be an adjective that means low quality or worthless. It can be a verb that means to produce feces (poop). The related form bullshit is a slang word with meanings that include nonsense and lies.

The general etymology of this is from the three words (of different languages): Old English "scitte", Dutch "schijiten", German "scheiße". A word in Japanese with a similar meaning is "kuso" (糞).

Piss

Piss or pissed are slang words for:

Cunt

Cunt is an abusive word that is used against people as an insult. It can also be slang, for the vagina, or vulva.

Unlike many words of profanity that came from Anglo-Saxon, this word came from a Latin one ("cuneus", meaning a wedge shape). After the Norman invasion of England, it replaced the native word for vagina, 'mægeþblæd'.

Dick

Dick could mean:


Dick's could mean:



Nut

Nut or nuts can mean different things:

Bitch

A bitch is a female dog. 

It is also used as a slang insult used to mean a nasty woman. It is possibly derived from the fact that "bitch" is used in other ways, however, such as in the phrase "son of a bitch" (also "son of a gun") or "bitchy". Bitch became a term to degrade and insult women as early in 15th century. It's use then surged specially in music industry in 70's. Women started to embrace the word as a term of empowerment.

Ball and chain

A ball and chain is a device historically worn by prisoners. It consists of a heavy iron ball attached to the prisoner's ankle with a chain and shackle. It stops the prisoner from running away.

The ball and chain was mainly used in the British Empire and its penal colonies. It was used from the 17th century until as late as the mid 20th century.

Cum

Cum can mean different things:

Faggot (food)

A faggot is a kind of meatball, a traditional dish in the UK, especially the southwest of England, Wales, and the Black Country. It is made from meat off-cuts and offal, especially pork. A faggot is usually made from pig heart, liver and fatty belly meat or bacon minced together, with herbs for flavouring and sometimes breadcrumbs. The mixture is shaped in the hand into balls, wrapped round with caul (a membrane from the pig's abdomen), and baked. A similar dish, "almôndega", is traditional in Portugal. This dish is also popular in the United States.

Llanfairpwllgwyngyll

Llanfairpwllgwyngyll, officially Llanfair­pwllgwyngyll­gogery­chwyrn­drobwll­llan­tysilio­gogo­goch (pronounced "llan-vire-pooll-gwin-gill-go-gare-urch-wyn-drob-ooll-andus-ilio-gogo-goch"), also known as Llanfair Pwllgwyngyll, Llanfair PG or just Llanfairpwll, is a large village and community on Anglesey, an island in Wales. In a 2018 study, it had a population of 2,999 residents.

It is situated just across the Menai Strait from the city of Bangor.

It is famous for having for the longest place name in Europe and the second-longest official one-word place name in the world, right after the hill Taumaoa­whakatangihanga­koauau­o­tamatea­turi­pukaka­piki­maunga­horo­nuku­pokai­whenua­ki­tana­tahu located in Pōrangahau, New Zealand. The village's official name contains 58 characters and 19 syllables. It translates into English as "St Mary's Church in the Hollow of the White Hazel near a Rapid Whirlpool and the Church of St. Tysilio near the Red Cave". The village was given this long name as a publicity stunt to bring people to the village in the Victorian era of railway tourism. The stunt was successful.

A 2011 survey revealed that 71% of the village's population can speak Welsh.

The village has a railway station, known as "Llanfairpwll railway station". The station is known for its huge sign of the village's name and how to pronounce it. The station provides direct trains to Holyhead to the west and Manchester, Crewe, Chester, Shrewsbury, Birmingham, and South Wales to the east.The station is also what is called a request stop making it not have any trains scheduled to stop.

Pneumoconiosis

Pneumoconiosis is a form of occupational lung disease that is not infective. It is a progressive (gets worse with time) degenerative disorder. It is caused by air pollution in the form of tiny particles. It was common among coal miners, who inhaled coal dust regularly.

Another type of pneumoconiosis is 'asbestosis', caused by inhaling asbestos fibers. A third type is caused by inhaling very small silica particles, called 'silicosis'. All forms of pneuomoconiosis shorten life, and have no cure.

Indications:

Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a lung disease caused by the breathing-in of very small particles of sand or quartz dust found in volcanoes. It was first seen in the Oxford English Dictionary, in 1936. It is "an artificial long word", invented by in 1935 by Everett Smith, president of the National Puzzlers' League (N.P.L.), at its annual meeting. 


Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu

Taumatawhakatangi­hangakoauauotamatea­turipukakapikimaunga­horonukupokaiwhen­uakitanatahu is the Maori name of a hill in New Zealand. The short form Taumata is used in everyday talk. The hill is 305 meters high.

It has eighty-five letters in its name. It is one of the longest place names in the world.

Something Awful

Something Awful is a comedy website and forums. The part of the website where people are paid to write comedy is called the "front page," and the part where people talk about a variety of things is the forums. People have to pay money to join the forums to talk with other people around the world. It currently costs $9.95 to join. The money they pay goes towards keeping the website online, and is said to make the forums higher quality, because members of the forums have something to lose if they are banned. Because of the comedy nature of the website, people on the forums often post to try to make people laugh instead of posting seriously.

Something Awful was started by Richard "Lowtax" Kyanka in 1999.

In March, 2008 Richard "Lowtax" Kyanka left forums management to Kevin "Fragmaster" Bowen, in order to focus on operating the main site.



Fark.com

Fark is a comedy website and forums.

Fark was started by Drew Curtis in 1999 as a weblog where users post current news articles and other information. Then other users make comments on these articles. There are two classes of users; users with free subscriptions are able to post comments in the forums and submit new articles. There is also a subscription service called TotalFark that grants access to more news stories. Regular subscribers are known as Farkers and paying subscribers are often called TotalFarkers or TFers.

Fark is what's known as a news aggregator. The page is divided into several tabs, "Not News", "Sports", "Business", "Geek", "Showbiz", "Politics", "Music", and "Video" Users submit stories that are relevant to each tab, and staffers and subscribers decide which ones are posted. Once a story is posted, a corresponding forum thread is created where any subscriber can comment on the story.


Menstruation

Menstruation, or menses, is when an unfertilized female has blood come out of her vagina for 2–7 days every month. A more common word for menstruation is a "period". 

Inside the thick part of the uterus are blood vessels and nutrients that a baby will need to grow. Every month in a human female who has gone through puberty, the brain sends signals to the ovaries that tell them to release an ovum (or egg). The ovum then travels through the fallopian tubes (with the expectation of becoming fertilized by a sperm cell) into the uterus. If an ovum is fertilized, it sticks to the wall of the uterus and starts to grow. If the ovum is not fertilized, it does not stick. The uterus then gets rid of the ovum and the extra tissue by releasing it from the body. The tissue and blood flows out of the uterus through the vagina. This is called menstruation or having a period. The bleeding normally lasts about 3-5 days, though some people may bleed longer or have a bit of bleeding between periods.

The uterus then starts preparing for another ovum. For most people, the time between their periods is about one month. For about 2 years after menstruation starts, the time between periods is not always the same. Some menstruators may skip a month, or have 2 periods close to each other. It is also possible and normal (within reasonable limits) to have cramps (rather painful squeezing feelings) or to feel bloated (swollen up) in the abdomen at periods.

People who have periods often use sanitary napkins or tampons to soak up the blood and tissue. A sanitary napkin is a piece of material that absorbs (takes in) liquids which is worn between the vulva and underpants. A tampon is a stick of absorbent material that is placed in the vagina. Pads and tampons can be disposable or reusable.The use of a menstrual cup or disc is also possible. A menstrual cup is a silicone cup that is inserted inside the vagina to collect blood and other tissues. A menstrual disc follows the same concept but is made of more flexible material and is round and flatter than a cup, it is also inserted higher in the vagina.

Most people menstruate for 3–5 days every month. However, anywhere from 2–7 days is normal. The amount of blood lost is normally about 50ml. Menstruators usually use a pad or a tampon to keep the blood from staining their undergarments, but there are many other forms of 

Menopause is menstruation stopping at the age of around 45-70, which is caused by hormones. Symptoms include irritability, heat, vaginal burning and/or discomfort, and vaginal dryness. A slang word for it is called "the change". Most people must take a few months to adjust to the dryness. After they stop their period they can no longer produce babies.

The fluid that comes out looks like blood, but it is more than just blood. It also has endometrial tissue. This is the tissue that lines the inside of the uterus (womb).

Menses happens in the first days of the menstrual cycle. This is the changes that happen in a woman's body every month. These changes are started by changes in hormone levels in the blood. These changes also cause a person to ovulate and make an ovum (also called "egg"). Menstruation usually starts around the age of 11, even as early as 9 years old, and ends when the menstruator is too old to have children. However, some females can still have children from the age of 50-70.

Some people have pain in the low part of the abdomen when they menstruate. This is called dysmenorrhea, or cramps. Extreme and continuous cramps are not normal and should be checked upon with a medical practitionner. The hormones that are produced before and during a period can also make a woman feel moody, or just strange. This is called premenstrual syndrome (PMS), or premenstrual tension (PMT). A person can feel bloated or swollen and have long cramps. Some menstruators have extremely bad reactions to menstruation and may even feel suicidal. This is called premenstrual dysphoric disorder, or PMDD. Other physical effects include headaches, tender breasts, lower back pain, fatigue, acne, diarrhoea or constipation, trouble sleeping and more.

Most menstruators use something to absorb or catch their menses. There are a number of different methods available. The most common methods of absorbing the "flow" are sanitary towels (sometimes called "pads"), tampons and padded underwear. Some people use sea sponges, towels and other reusable absorbing items.

In addition to products to contain the menstrual flow, pharmaceutical companies likewise provide products — commonly non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) — to relieve menstrual cramps. Some herbs, such as dong quai, raspberry leaf and crampbark, are also claimed to relieve menstrual pain, however there is no documented scientific evidence.


Period

Period means different things.


Corinthian-Casuals F.C.

The Corinthian Casuals are a football team in Tolworth, Surrey, England. They play in the Isthmian League Division One South.

Nightclub

A nightclub is a type of theatre or bar or club where there are shows, singers and dance girls. Examples of this are the "Folies Bergère" in Paris, the "Tropicana" in Havana and the "Cotton Club" in Harlem, Manhattan.

Also the name is used for places where adults socialize and meet others and drink alcoholic beverages, like wine, beer, and mixed drinks.

Most nightclubs are only open in the evening and in the night. Some are open during the day, but in these cases, the facility usually provides a different service, such as a restaurant service.

Nightclubs, in the original sense, put on shows which people watched sitting in chairs, often at a table where food and drink was served.

Today, the word is used for venues with a dance floor and a DJ playing pop, rock, and dance music recordings. Some nightclubs have entertainment such as pop bands, rock bands, or comedians. Some nightclubs have a quieter lounge area with couches, sofas, and low tables, so that people can talk together.
They mostly have burgers and wings for the people at the party

Some nightclubs also serve a small selection of food, usually snacks or finger food. Nightclubs often have a much wider selection of alcoholic drinks than pubs (pubs specialize in beer and ale). Most nightclubs sell a number of different brands of spirits, liquers, wine, sherry, Some nightclubs have a large selection of expensive brands of alcohol (these are called "premium" brands).

The bartenders (also called "barmen" or "barmaids") at nightclubs often make a much larger variety of mixed drinks than pubs. Mixed drinks and cocktails are alcoholic drinks that consist of one or more types of alcohol (e.g., rum, vodka, whiskey, etc.) mixed with flavorings such as orange juice, cream, chocolate syrup, or soda. Many mixed drinks also include ice, crushed ice, or sliced lemon or lime. 

Some well-known mixed drinks include the martini, the "Rum and Coke", and the "screwdriver" (orange juice mixed with vodka).

Nightclubs hire a variety of staff to do different jobs. Bartenders (also called "barmen" or "barmaids") at nightclubs serve alcohol and mix drinks. Some nightclubs hire servers to bring drinks to people who are sitting at tables or in chairs. Some nightclubs also hire people to take away empty bottles and glasses. 

Security in nightclubs is provided by door staff, often called "bouncers". Door staff check the identification of people entering the nightclub, to ensure that people that are too young to drink do not enter the club. Door staff also prevent drunk or aggressive people from entering the nightclub. They also escort people out of the club if they are too drunk, fighting, or taking drugs. Door staff may also call the police if they cannot deal with a situation.

Nightclubs that serve food have cooks, dishwashers, and servers to prepare, cook, and serve the food. Nightclubs also have coat check employees who hang up the patron's coats, sound technicians to maintain the sound system (the CD players, amplifiers, and speakers), and cleaners (to sweep the floors and clean the bathrooms). Some large nightclubs may hire DJs to work in the club every week as employees. 

DJs, bands, comedians who entertain patrons during the evening are usually not usually employees of the nightclub. Instead, the nightclub signs a contract with these entertainers, in which the entertainer promises to come to the club on a specified night, in return for a sum of money.

Freezing

Freezing is the process when a liquid turns into a solid. Freezing occurs when heat is lost from an object, which causes the molecules to slow down and form tighter bonds. One example of freezing is when water turns into ice. Freezing is the opposite of melting, and two steps away from evaporation. Freezing occurs at below 0 degrees Celsius with water, while some other liquids become a solid at higher or lower temperatures.

Most liquids can freeze. It is a necessary step in casting for example.



Precious metal

A precious metal is a type of metal that is worth a lot of money compared to most other metals. Some precious metals are gold, silver, and platinum. Many pieces of jewelry are made out of precious metals.

The precious metal worth the most amount of money for the same mass is Rhodium.


Jewellery

Jewellery (or jewelry) refers to any clothing accessory that is worn as a decoration. 

In itself, jewellery has no other purpose than to look attractive. However, it is often added to items that have a practical use. Items such as belts and handbags are mainly accessories but may be decorated. A broach, often worn to keep a cloak closed, could be highly decorated with jewels.

Necklaces, finger rings and earrings are the most usual kinds of jewellery.

Humans have made jewellery for a long time. There are many forms of jewelry worn for traditional, social or religious reasons. Jewellery can come in many forms, worn on any part of the body or clothing. Jewellery most often are rings, chains, bead strings, pendants and piercings, worn around or on different body parts.

Jewellery can be made from any material. The first jewellery was made from bone, animal teeth, wood or stone. Jewelry often uses gemstones and precious metals.

"Fashion jewellery" or "costume jewellery" is jewellery that is worn just for fashion, and is not made of expensive materials.



Potassium

Potassium is a chemical element in the periodic table. It has the symbol K. This symbol is taken from the Latin word "kalium". Potassium's atomic number is 19. It has 19 protons and electrons. Potassium is not found as an element in nature, because it is so reactive.

Potassium has two stable isotopes, with 20 or 22 neutrons. Its atomic mass is 39.098. The unstable isotope with 21 neutrons is one of the most common radioactive materials.

Potassium is a soft gray metal. It can be cut easily with a knife. Its melting point is 63 degrees Celsius (145.4 degrees Fahrenheit). It melts at a very low temperature. It is an alkali metal. It is the second lightest metal, after lithium.

Potassium reacts in many chemical reactions similar to sodium and other alkali metals. It tarnishes in air to produce a whitish oxidized layer on the surface. This is why it is stored in oil. It also reacts very fast with water, which is another reason for its storage in oil. The hydrogen produced during its reaction with water can burst into flames when a large amount of potassium is added to water. Potassium hydroxide is also produced. Potassium also burns in air easily, to make the peroxide or the superoxide.

Potassium compounds are only in one oxidation state: +1. Potassium ions are colorless and similar to sodium ions. Potassium chloride can be used as a substitute for table salt. Potassium hydroxide is used in the electrolyte of alkaline cells. Most potassium compounds are nontoxic. If they are toxic, it is because of the anion. Potassium chromate is colored because of the chromate, not the potassium. Potassium chromate is toxic because of the chromate, not the potassium.

The word potassium comes from the word "potash". Potash is a mixture of potassium carbonate and potassium hydroxide that has been used for a very long time. In past centuries potash was made from ashes in pots. It is used to make fertilizer, soap, and glass.

Potassium does not occur in nature because it is too reactive. It is found in minerals, though. It is extracted from them by electrolysis of potassium hydroxide or potassium chloride. The potassium hydroxide or potassium chloride has to be melted at a very high temperature.

Potassium metal is used to absorb water from solvents. It is also used in some scientific instruments.

Potassium compounds are used in soap, fertilizer, explosives, and matches.

Potassium ions are very important to organisms. That is why fertilizers have potassium compounds in them. The ions send messages from cells to other cells. It helps biological membranes "depolarize". This means go from a negative to a positive electrical charge. This is needed for muscles to "contract" (get shorter and move things.) It is needed for the heart to "beat" (push blood through blood vessels.) If the potassium level in the blood is too high or too low it can cause death because the heart stops. A few good sources of potassium are bananas, apricots and raisins.

Potassium metal is very dangerous and can form an explosive coating if it is kept in air. It also reacts violently with water, spewing corrosive liquid. Potassium compounds are not normally dangerous, unless they contain a toxic anion like chromate or chlorate.



The Simpsons

The Simpsons is an American animated sitcom. It was created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The show started on December 17, 1989 and so far over 700 episodes have aired in 34 seasons. As of today, the show is in its 34th season. As a full-length movie, "The Simpsons Movie", was released on July 27, 2007 as a celebration of the franchise. It is aimed at the whole family.

The comedy takes place in the fictional town of Springfield, although it is speculated that this town may correspond to the real-life cities of Springfield, Oregon (a city near where Groening grew up) or Springfield, Wyoming, from the adventures of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie. Homer's name is an Homerous. His full name is Homer J. Simpson. Bart's name is an anagram of Brat. His full name is Bartholomew Jojo Simpson. This TV show has a yellow skinned cartoon family. In 1998, Phil Hartman was murdered by his wife, resulting in his characters being removed from the show. In 2000, Ned Flander's wife, Maude Flanders was killed off. Also in 2000, Barney Gumble became sober. In 2002, the production of The Simpsons had switched from cels to digital ink and paint. During that time, The Simpsons had suffering of franchise fatigue. "Sneed's Feed and Seed" from the episode E-I-E-I-(Annoyed Grunt) became an internet meme.

The television show "The Simpsons" was originally shown as short shows on "The Tracey Ullman Show". Fox then decided to give them their own show in 1989. It has been tremendously successful since onwards.

Seasons of The Simpsons mostly have a total of 22 episodes.

Many episodes begin with a scene of Springfield Elementary School, where Bart Simpson is shown writing lines on a chalkboard as punishment for being bad. For example, in one episode, Bart writes, "I will not conduct my own fire drills." The line is supposed to be humourous. Not every episode has a new one and sometimes the chalkboard gag may be cut (removed) because there is not enough time. 
In the opening, all the Simpsons come home after work or school. After Homer Simpson is almost or is hit by Marge's car, they all go into the living room, where something comical happens again. These are called "couch gags". On one couch gag Homer Simpson walked onto the screen like James Bond and shot the camera. Sometimes if an episode is a short one, then the couch gag will be very long. A couple of couch gags have been over one minute long. Couch gags in earlier seasons were simple but then became more interesting in later seasons.

At the end of the show, the credits are shown. Sometimes they might be changed. In one episode, the ending showed Homer reading from a document about Dateline. In another episode, where all of the characters sing in song, Snake keeps firing his gun in order to make the music that was playing stop.

A film based on the show, "The Simpsons Movie", was released in 2007, specifically on the day that it was released. It included the character Spider Pig as Homer's new pet after rescuing him from a chain restaurant, Krusty Burger.

Series 6-8 Were In CBeebies

Series 9-11 Were In 4Severn

Series 12-13 Were In Sky One

Teresa Heinz

Teresa Heinz Kerry (born October 5, 1938) is a Portuguese-American businesswoman and philanthropist. She was born in Maputo, Mozambique to Portuguese parents. She is the wife of United States Senator John Kerry. She was previously married to former U.S. senator H. John Heinz III, until his death. She is a naturalized American citizen. She has breast cancer.

Museum

A museum is a building which is open to the public. It is also the institution where things are collected and then shown to people.

The word, museum, originates from Musa which is the goddesses of literature, art, and science who appears in Greek mythology.

According to the International Council of Museums (ICOM), the definition of museums has changed over time. 

The oldest museum structure in the world is the "Shōsō-in" in Nara, Japan.

Today's museums are non-profit, permanent institutions in the service of society and its development.

A museum acquires, conserves, researches, communicates and exhibits the and the heritage of humanity and the environment.

Museums exist for the purposes of education, study and enjoyment.

Some museums have things that visitors can do. For example, ecomuseums exist.

Museums can be about different things such as art, national history, natural history, or science. People go to museums sometimes to learn, or to simply have fun. 

Museums with live animals are called zoos.





Camera

A camera is a device that takes pictures (photographs). It uses film or electronics to make a picture of something. It is a tool of photography. A lens makes the image that the film or electronics "sees".

A camera that takes one picture at a time is sometimes called a "still camera". A camera that can take pictures that seem to move is called a "movie camera". If it can take videos it is called a "video camera" or a "camcorder". The majority of cameras are on a phone. This is called a "Camera phone".

All cameras are basically a box that light can not get into until a photo is taken. There is a hole on one side of the camera where the light can get in through the lens, and this is called the aperture. On the other side is a special material that can record the image that comes through the aperture. This material is the film in a film camera or electronic sensor in a digital camera. Finally, there is also the shutter, which stops light from getting in until a photo is taken.

When a photo is taken, the shutter moves out of the way. This lets light come in through the aperture and make a picture on the film or electronic sensor. In many cameras, the size of the aperture can be changed to let in more light or less light. The amount of time that the shutter lets light through can be changed as well. This also lets in more light or less light. Most of the time, electronics inside the camera control these, but in some cameras the person taking the picture can change them as well.

A ciné camera or movie camera takes a rapid sequence of photographs on image sensor or strips of photographic film. Unlike a still camera the ciné camera takes a series of images, each one is called a "frame". The frames are later played back in a ciné projector at a specific speed, called the "frame rate" (number of frames per second). While viewing, human visual system merges the separate pictures to create the illusion of motion. The first ciné camera was built around 1888. By 1890 several types were being made. The standard film size for ciné cameras was quickly established as 35mm film. This remained in use until transition to digital cinematography.
A professional video camera (often called a television camera) is a high-end device for creating electronic moving images. Their use includes music videos, movies, corporate and educational videos.


News

News is when people talk about current events (things that are happening right now). News Media is a portrayal of current affairs, perspectives and social influence. The news can be given in newspapers, television, magazines, or radio. There are several news channels on cable television that give news all day long, such as Fox News and CNN. There are several news magazines, such as "Time", "The Economist", and "Newsweek". A newsman is a person who helps out with the news. News media can be viewed in many forms, such as newspaper, television, and radio. 

Export

An export is a product that is sold to people outside of the country in which the product was made. Canada exports maple syrup to the United States and to many other countries. Tropical areas like the countries in the Caribbean send sugar cane to other countries.


Observatory

An observatory is a place for making observations. The term is most used for astronomical observatories, which are places for looking at the sky. A modern astronomical observatory has a large telescope, or several. It is usually high up on mountains or hills, because higher places have cleaner, clearer, dryer air. Observatories also have to be away from places that have lots of light pollution, like cities. Too much light can make it so that the astronomers cannot see out of the telescope very well.

Epidemic

An epidemic is a disease that spreads over a large area and affects many people at the same time. Epidemics are when a disease spreads from person to person faster than doctors can control. If the disease spreads over the whole world, sometimes it is called a pandemic.

Such diseases must be treated quickly and properly otherwise they can infect people on large scale and pose a danger to the world. It is very important that timely vaccination and treatment is provided. The study of epidemics is part of epidemiology.

George of the Jungle

George of the Jungle is an animated television series created by Jay Ward Productions in the late 1960s as a parody (pretending to be but in a way that makes fun of) of Tarzan. In 1997, it was made into a live-action movie by Disney, with Brendan Fraser as the main character. There was a sequel George of the Jungle 2 released direct-to-video in 2003. There was and is a video game based on the film which was and is 2D Platformer game "George of the Jungle" by Ignition Entertainment/Crave in 2008.

Westminster Abbey

Westminster Abbey is a large and famous Anglican church in Westminster, London. It is the shrine of Edward the Confessor and the burial place of many kings and queens. Since it was built it has been the place where the coronations of Kings and Queens of England have been held. The present structure dates from 1245, when it was started by Henry III.

The status of the Abbey is that of a Royal Peculiar. This means it is place of worship that falls directly under the jurisdiction of the British monarch, rather than under a bishop. The concept dates from Anglo-Saxon times, when a church could ally itself with the monarch and therefore not be subject to the bishop of the area. Technically speaking, it is not a cathedral, though it is regarded as one in practice.

One of the most famous tombs at Westminster Abbey is that of the Unknown Warrior.

Westminster Abbey and its small parish church, St Margaret's, form a UNESCO World Heritage site, which also includes Westminster Palace.

Since the coronations in 1066 of both King Harold and William the Conqueror, coronations of English and British monarchs were held in the Abbey. Henry III was unable to be crowned in London when he first came to the throne because the French prince Louis (later Louis VIII) had taken control of the city. So the king was crowned in Gloucester Cathedral, but this coronation was deemed by the Pope to be improper, and a further coronation was held in the Abbey on 17 May 1220. The Archbishop of Canterbury is the cleric in the coronation ceremony.

King Edward's Chair (or St Edward's Chair), is the throne on which British sovereigns sit when the crown is put on their heads. It is kept in the Abbey, and has been used at every coronation since 1308. From 1301 to 1996 (except for 1950 when it was briefly stolen by Scottish nationalists), the chair also housed the Stone of Scone upon which the kings of Scotland are crowned. Although the Stone is now kept in Scotland, at future coronations the Stone will be returned briefy to St Edward's Chair for the moment of coronation.

Until the 19th century, Westminster was the third seat of learning in Oxford and Cambridge. It was here that the first third of the King James Bible Old Testament and the last half of the New Testament were translated. The New English Bible was also put together here in the 20th century.





Eagles (band)

The Eagles are an American country rock/hard rock band. They formed in Los Angeles, California in 1971. They are known worldwide for their hit songs "Hotel California" and "Take it Easy". In 2006 they held the record for most albums sold, with their "Greatest Hits, Volume I"

On January 18, 2016, Glenn Frey died of pneumonia at age 67. His son Deacon replaced him in the band the next year.

Himalayas

The Himalayas are a mountain range in South Asia.

The west end is in Pakistan. They run through Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh states in India, Nepal, and Bhutan. The east end is in the south of Tibet. They are divided into 3 parts Himadri, Himachal and Shiwaliks.

The 15 highest mountains in the world are in the Himalayas. The main ones are Mount Everest, Annapurna, and Nanga Parbat. Mount Everest is the highest mountain on Earth, at 8,849 meters. Of the fifteen highest mountain peaks in the World, nine are in the Nepali Himalayas.

The word "Himalaya" means "House of Snow" in Sanskrit, an old Indian language. The Himalayas are so high that they kept the Indian and Chinese people separate from each other most of the time. India is a peninsula that is cut off from the rest of Asia by the mountains. It is often called the Indian subcontinent because it is larger and more isolated than other peninsulas.

North of the Himalayas is the Tibetan Plateau. It is called “the roof of the world”. However, the Tibetan Plateau is very dry because the plateau and the mountains act as a gigantic rain shadow. The rain falls instead on the south side of the mountains. This has greatly influenced the climate of the Indian subcontinent. Not only does it block the extremely cold winter winds blowing from Central Asia from entering Subcontinent, it also forces the Bay of Bengal Monsoon branch to shed its moisture along NE and Northern Indian States, Bhutan, Nepal and Bangladesh.

Geologically, the origin of the Himalayas is the impact of the Indian tectonic plate. This travels northward at 15 cm per year, and joined the Eurasian continent about 40-50 million years ago. The formation of the Himalayas resulted in the lighter rock of the seabeds of that time being lifted up into mountains. An often-cited fact used to illustrate this process is that the summit of Mount Everest is made of marine limestone.

The Indian plate is still moving north at 67 mm per year. Over the next 10 million years it will travel about 1,500 km into Asia. About 20 mm per year of the India-Asia convergence is absorbed by thrusting along the Himalaya southern front. This leads to the Himalayas rising by about 5 mm per year, making them geologically active. The movement of the Indian plate into the Asian plate also leads to earthquakes from time to time.

The Himalayas are very popular for tourists because it has a lot of wildlife. The types of plants and trees, which are common in the place, are Oak, Pine, Fir, Rhododendron, Birch, Juniper, and Deodar. Common animals, which are seen mostly in the different parts of the Himalayas, are snow leopards, blue sheep, musk deer, tigers, elephants, wild boar, and crocodiles. Even endangered species of animals and plants are also found there. In the north part of the Himalayas where the temperature falls below freezing point, animals cannot survive well. However, those who adapted can survive. During the cold winters most of the animals migrate to the lower regions of the Himalayas while others like the brown bear hibernate instead. The Yak is mostly seen in the cold desert. They are like wild ox and they are the largest animals in this region. In regions of Ladakh animals like Nyan, the wild and the most largest sheep are found.

Some of the major places for wildlife attractions in the Himalayas are:

The five main rivers of the Himalayas are the Jhelum, Chenab, Ravi, Beas, and Satluj. The rivers are the main source of human and animal life in those areas.

Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport

The BEST or the Brihanmumbai Electricity Supply and Transport is Mumbai's public transport service and electricity provider. The government owned organisation, which was set up in 1873, operates one of India's largest bus fleets. Originally setup as a tramway company, it branched out into supplying electricity to the city in 1905, and later into operating buses in 1926. The BEST is run by the city's municipality as an autonomous body.

The bus transport service covers almost the entire city and extends its operations outside city limits. In addition to buses, it also operates a ferry service. The electricity division of the organisation is also one of the few electricity departments in India to garner an annual net profit. Until 1995, BEST stood for Bombay Electricity Supply and Transport. After the name of the city was formally changed from Bombay to Mumbai, this was also reflected with the adjustment to Brihanmumbai, which means "Greater Mumbai".

Gelderland

Gelderland or Guelders is a province in the east of the Netherlands. The capital city is Arnhem, but Nijmegen and Apeldoorn are bigger. Other important cities are Zutphen, Doetinchem, Harderwijk and Tiel. About 2,134,000 people are living in Gelderland (2023).

It is surrounded by the provinces of Limburg, North Brabant, South Holland, Utrecht, Flevoland and Overijssel and the German federal state North Rhine-Westphalia. 

The most important rivers are the Rhine ("Rijn"), the Waal, the IJssel and the Maas (border with North Brabant). The border with Flevoland is formed by the so-called "randmeer" ("border lake") of the Flevopolder. 

In the 11th century, Guelders was a county. It was called "Gelre" in Dutch and "Geldern" in German. In 1339, it became a duchy. At first, it existed of the surroundings of the city of Geldern (now in Germany). By the end of the 14th century, it included most of the modern province of Gelderland and parts of the province of Limburg and of the German District of Cleves. It became part of the Habsburg Netherlands in 1543, one of the Seventeen Provinces.

Canvas

Canvas is a thick material usually made of woven cotton. It is used for tents and sails on boats and other places where a sturdy material would be good. It is similar to the material in blue jeans. It is often a white or pale tan color. It can also be used for painting or even making shoes.

Large format lens

A large format lens is a lens that can be used on a large format camera. These cameras usually cover an area of 4x5 inches or more. The picture taken is then recorded on photographic film, or as a digital image.


Ramones

Ramones were an American punk rock group who formed in New York City in 1974 and broke up in 1996. All the members of the group had stage names which replaced their real last names with "Ramone." They were one of the first punk bands. Some others were The Clash, Sex Pistols, and The Damned. Three of the four founding members of the Ramones died within eight years of the band breaking up.

The original lineup was made up of Joey on drums, Johnny on guitar and Dee Dee on bass and vocals. Tommy was their manager. Then Dee Dee said he was unable to sing while playing bass, so Tommy got Joey to sing and then played drums himself, leaving Dee Dee to backup sing. Later, Tommy left the band and was replaced on drums by a new member, Marky. Eventually Marky was fired and then replaced by another drummer, Richie. After that, Dee Dee left the band to produce his own rap album. C.J. joined the band as their new bassist.

Their first album "Ramones" is now a classic of early punk rock. The songs are short, the melodies simple and the text is often made up of 2 or three phrases only. Their live concerts were legendary, extremely loud and very short. They played song after song, only interrupted by Dee Dee's (and later, C.J.'s) shouts of "one, two, three, four!".

The Ramones never had big commercial success. Among their best-known songs today are "Blitzkrieg Bop" and "I Wanna Be Sedated." Now they are seen as one of the most important punk rock bands. Several rock bands, including Nirvana and Green Day were influenced by the Ramones.

The Ramones had their first gigs at the club CBGB in New York. The letters "CBGB" stand for Country, BlueGrass, Blues. The club was opened in 1973 by Hilly Kristal. CBGB, soon afterward, became a place where new wave and punk rock bands played. These included Patti Smith Group, Blondie, Talking Heads and many others. From the early 1980s onward, CBGB was known for hardcore punk. 

Olivia Newton-John

Olivia Newton-John (26 September 1948 – 8 August 2022) was an English and Australian singer, songwriter and actress known for her gentle singing voice, her purity of tone and her perfect pitch. A four-time Grammy Award winner, Newton-John was one of the best-selling music artists of all time, with global sales of more than 120 million records.

Newton-John achieved worldwide stardom in a variety of musical genres and was especially well known for her starring role in "Grease" (1978), one of the most successful movie musicals of all time.

Newton-John was born in Cambridge, England. Her father was Welsh. Her mother was from Berlin, the daughter of Max Born. Newton-John is the youngest of three children. In 1954, her family moved to Australia. At age 12, she won a contest at school with girl group "Sol Four". 

When she was 17 years old, she had her first appearance in a movie, "Funny Things Happen Down Under" (1965), where she sang "Christmas Time Down Under". Shortly after she was in a talent contest and won first prize, a trip to England. She got a record deal on Decca Records and released her first single, "Till You Say You'll Be Mine", in 1966.

Newton-John stayed in England and recorded a cover of the Bob Dylan song, "If Not For You". It was the song which first caused her to be well known. She released her first solo album, "If Not For You", in 1971. In 1973, her career began to do well. In 1974, she represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 1974 with the song "Long Live Love". She finished in 4th place, with Sweden's ABBA being the winners.

Her first successful song was "Let Me Be There". The song made the top 10 on the US pop chart. It also earned her a Grammy Award for Best Country Female. More successful songs followed: "If You Love Me Let Me Know," "I Honestly Love You", "Have You Never Been Mellow", "Please Mr. Please" and many more.

Her first big acting role was with John Travolta in "Grease". It became the most successful movie of 1978.

Olivia lived in California for decades. She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. She had breast cancer in 1992, and recovered. She was married twice. She has a daughter by her first husband.

She was also an activist for environmental and animal rights issues.

In May 2017, it was announced that Newton-John's breast cancer had returned and metastasized to her lower back. In August 2019, it was also reported that the cancer was at Stage IV and spread to her bones.

Newton-John died from the disease at her ranch in Santa Ynez Valley, California at the age of 73. The Australian state of Victoria offered a state funeral for Newton-John.

Kansas (band)

Kansas is an American rock band. They formed in Topeka, Kansas in 1970. They are best known for songs including "Carry on Wayward Son" and "Dust in The Wind".


Styx (band)

Styx is an American rock band. They were one of the most popular groups of the 1970s and early 1980s. They formed in Chicago in 1972. They were the first band to have four platinum albums in a row. They continued playing after reuniting in 1995.





Jethro Tull (band)

Jethro Tull is a rock band. They formed in Blackpool, England in 1967. The singer and leader is Ian Anderson. He also plays flute. This band was highly successful and sung songs such as "Aqualung", "Locomotive Breath", "Living in the Past" and "Thick as a Brick".


Turtle

Turtles are one of the many reptiles on earth. They have a hard shell, which is useful for camouflage. They can be used so predators think it's a type of large stone.

There are two types of turtles: side-necked turtles and hidden neck turtles. Side-necked turtles have very easy to see necks, but hidden neck turtles have very small necks.

There are about 356 species of turtles living on land in all continents except Antarctica and in both salt water and fresh water.

The order Testudines (which includes turtles) includes both living and extinct species. The earliest fossil of a turtle was found in China from the early Upper Triassic age. The fossil was from about 220 million years ago. Turtles are one of the oldest reptile groups that are not extinct. Turtles have been on earth for longer than lizards, snakes and crocodiles. Turtles come from ancient turtles, which had spiked shells.

Turtles are almost everywhere in the world. A lot of the turtle species alive today are endangered.

Although the word turtle is widely used to describe all members of the order Testudines, it is also common to see certain members described as terrapins, tortoises or sea turtles. How these names are used depends on the type of English.
To avoid confusion, the word "chelonian" is popular among some who work with these animals, as a catch-all name. Unfortunately, "Chelonia" is also the name of a particular genus of turtles, so this conflicts with its use for the entire order Testudines.

Although many turtles spend much of their lives underwater, all turtles and tortoises breathe air and must surface at regular intervals to refill their lungs. Some spend their whole lives on dry land.

Aquatic respiration in Australian freshwater turtles is being studied. Some species have large cloacal (the hole used for mating and excretion) holes that are lined with many finger-like projections. These projections, called papillae, have a rich blood supply, and increase the surface area of the cloaca. The turtles can take up oxygen from the water using these papillae, in much the same way that fish use gills to take in oxygen.
Like other reptiles, turtles lay eggs which are slightly soft and leathery. The eggs of the largest species are shaped like spheres. Other turtle species have eggs that are shaped more like chicken eggs. Sea turtles lay their eggs on dry, sandy beaches. Turtles can take many years to reach breeding age, and in many cases breed every few years rather than annually.

In some species, there is temperature-dependent sex determination. Temperature determines whether an egg develops into a male or a female: a higher temperature causes a female; a lower temperature causes a male. Large numbers of eggs are deposited in holes dug into mud or sand. They are then covered and left to incubate by themselves. When the turtles hatch, they squirm their way to the surface and head toward the water. No turtle mother cares for its young.

Researchers discovered that a turtle's organs do not break down or become less efficient over time, unlike most other animals. They found that the liver, lungs, and kidneys of a century-old turtle are almost the same as those of a younger turtle. This has inspired genetic researchers to begin studying turtle genetics for longevity (living a long time) genes.

Turtles are put into two groups from the way they hide their heads into their shells. The Cryptodira (hidden neck turtles) pull their heads straight into their shells by folding their necks back under their spines. They have very small necks. The Pleurodira (side-necked turtles), now found only in fresh water environments in the Southern hemisphere, fold their necks to the side. The important adaptation of hiding their heads evolved twice from turtles in the past which were not able to do this. Obviously, this adds to their defence against predators.

Turtles have a hard beak. They use their jaws to cut and chew food. Turtles have hard edges called horny ridges that cover their upper and lower jaws. These ridges are different from teeth, which turtles do not have. Carnivorous turtles tend to have knife-sharp ridges that help them cut through meat. Herbivorous turtles have serrated-edged ridges that help them cut through tough plants. Turtles use their tongues to swallow food, but unlike most reptiles, they cannot stick out their tongues to catch food.

The upper shell of the turtle is called the carapace. The lower shell that covers the belly is called the plastron. The carapace and plastron are joined on the turtle's sides by bony structures called "bridges".

The inner layer of a turtle's shell is made up of about 60 bones. It includes parts of the spine and ribs, meaning the turtle cannot crawl out of its shell.

The largest chelonian is a marine turtle, the great leatherback sea turtle, which reaches a shell length of 200 cm (80 inches) and can weigh over 900 kg (2,000 lb, or 1 ton). Freshwater turtles tend to be smaller. The largest species, the Asian giant softshell turtle "Pelochelys cantorii", have turtles that measured up to 200 cm or 80 in (Das, 1991). This is bigger than even the better-known alligator snapping turtle, the largest chelonian in North America, which reaches a shell length of up to 80 cm (31 in) and a weight of about 60 kg (170 lb).

The largest fossil turtle, "Archelon", was more than twice as long as the leatherback, at up to 4.5 metres.

The earliest turtle fossils come from Upper Triassic of the Mesozoic era, about 220 million years ago. Their shell evolved from bony extensions of their backbones and broad ribs that became larger and grew together to make a complete shell. This adaptation was very useful and has been around for a long time. It helped protect turtles as they evolved over many years, even when the bony part of the shell was not complete. The group as a whole has survived many changes in the seas and several extinction events.

Fossils of the freshwater "Odontochelys semitestacea" or "half-shelled turtle with teeth", from the later Triassic, were found in southwest China. "Odontochelys" shows a complete bony plastron and an incomplete carapace. This is similar to turtles in an early stage of embryonic development. By the Upper Jurassic, turtles had radiated widely, and their fossil history becomes easier to read.

Their exact ancestry is not known. Early amniotes had no openings in the skull behind the eyes. Openings started to appear in both Sauropsid and Synapsid skulls. They made the skull lighter, gave attachment points for muscles, and gave room for muscle bulges. But turtles do not have these skull openings. They were called 'anapsids', meaning 'no openings'.

It was suggested that turtles evolved from sauropsids which had skull openings, but turtles lost these openings as part of their evolution towards heavy defensive armour. All molecular studies strongly support that turtles are diapsids; some support that turtles are either archosaurs, or are a sister group to living archosaurs.

The earliest known fully shelled turtles are the late Triassic "Odontochelys", "Chinlechelys" and "Proganochelys". The first-named genus was aquatic (lived in water), but the second was probably terrestrial (lived on land). They already had many advanced turtle traits, and probably had millions of years of turtle evolution and species in their ancestry. They had a long neck and could not pull their heads into their shell. "Odontochelys" had a long, spiked tail ending in a club. Ankylosaurs also have these traits because of convergent evolution.


Rage Against the Machine

Rage Against the Machine, sometimes known as RATM or Rage, is a rock band from Los Angeles, California. Rage Against the Machine are known for mixing funk, hip-hop, metal and rock music. They are also known for their left-wing political opinions. The band members have been the same since they started in 1991. The band members are rapper Zack de la Rocha, guitarist Tom Morello, bassist Tim Commerford and drummer Brad Wilk. Morello, Commerford and Wilk also made Audioslave with Chris Cornell.

RATM released their first album in 1992. It was called "Rage Against the Machine". The album sold a lot of copies and reached number 40 on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. The band did not do another album until "Evil Empire" in 1996. The bands third album, "The Battle of Los Angeles," was released in 1999. Shortly after, in 2000, the band released a covers album named "Renegades".

In 1991, Tom Morello's band named Lock Up disbanded. He wanted to make another band, so talked to Zack de la Rocha and Tim Commerford about working on new music. After some time, Morello got drummer Brad Wilk to join the band as well. Morello knew him because Wilk had auditioned to play the drums for Lock Up, but failed. The band named themselves Rage Against the Machine. They got the name from a song that de la Rocha had written for another band.

The band made a demo tape named "Rage Against the Machine". It had twelve songs on it. Seven of the twelve songs would be put on their first album. A lot of big record labels were interested in the band after they put out their demo. Rage Against the Machine joined Epic Records. Morello said they "agreed to everything [the band] asked".

The band's first album, "Rage Against the Machine", was released in 1992. It sold many copies, with "Killing in the Name" being the most popular song from the album. To get more people to listen to the album, the band played at Lollapalooza in 1993.

After their first album was successful, Rage Against the Machine made some songs for movie soundtracks, such as "Tire Me" and "Year of tha Boomerang". They released their second album, "Evil Empire", in 1996. It got to the number one spot on the "Billboard" 200 music chart.

In April 1996, Rage Against the Machine played music on "Saturday Night Live". They planned to play two songs, but their second song was cancelled. This was because they tried to put upside-down American flags over their amplifiers (upside-down flags are a sign of danger). The flags were a protest against the show having Republican Steve Forbes on the show the same night.

In 1997, Rage Against the Machine played on tour with U2. All of the money that Rage made from the concerts was given to groups they supported, such as the EZLN and Women Alive. After touring with U2, Rage started their own tour in the United States. They planned to do the tour with the Wu-Tang Clan, but replaced them with The Roots after they did not show up to a concert. The band released a compilation album of songs from their demo and live recordings named "Live & Rare" in 1998.

In 1999, Rage Against the Machine played music at Woodstock. The band then released an album named "The Battle of Los Angeles". It sold over 450,000 copies, and hit number one on the "Billboard" 200. Rage's music was put on the soundtrack for movies from "The Matrix" series.

In January 2000, the band made a music video for "Sleep Now in the Fire" on Wall Street. Hundreds of people came to watch the band make the video. Michael Moore, the person filming the music video, only had a permit for being at the front of Federal Hall. The band was not allowed to make loud noises, but they kept playing loudly. Tom Morello said that Moore told the band that "no matter what happens, don't stop playing". When the band went away from the front of the Hall, police officers handcuffed Moore. Moore told the band to "take the New York Stock Exchange", and many people starting running into the building. The Stock Exchange shut down, and nobody could trade for some time because of the band.

In September 2000, the band went to the MTV Music Awards. When Limp Bizkit got the award for Best Rock Video instead of Rage, Tim Commerford climbed up a set of scaffolding for the awards show. De la Rocha left the awards show after he did this, and Commerford went to jail for a night. 

In October 2000, de la Rocha left the band. He thought that Rage had many problems that made the band members not work together well. At the end of the year, the band released "Renegades", an album of covers. It had songs originally made by many bands, such as Devo, the Rolling Stones, Cypress Hill, and Bob Dylan. It was certified platinum by the RIAA.

After de la Rocha left the band, Morello, Commerford and Wilk wanted to keep making music. They decided to find someone else to sing, and make a new band. Rick Rubin, a music producer, told them that they should play with Chris Cornell from Soundgarden. Cornell agreed to sing, and they made the band Audioslave. In November 2002, the band released their first album. It was also named "Audioslave". Many people liked the album. Compared to Rage Against the Machine, Audioslave was not very political. The band made two more albums, named "Out of Exile" and "Revelations". In February 2007, Audioslave broke up after Cornell left the band.

Product (mathematics)

In mathematics, a product is a number or a quantity obtained by multiplying two or more numbers together. For example: 4 × 7 = 28 Here, the number 28 is called the product of 4 and 7. As another example, the product of 6 and 4 is 24, because 6 times 4 is 24. The product of two positive numbers is positive, just as the product of two negative numbers is positive as well (e.g., -6 × -4 = 24).

A short way to write the product of many numbers is to use the capital Greek letter pi: formula_1. This notation (or way of writing) is in some ways similar to the Sigma notation of summation.

Informally, given a sequence of numbers (or elements of a multiplicative structure with unit) say formula_2 we define formula_3. A rigorous definition is usually given recursively as follows
An alternative notation for formula_5 is formula_6.
From the above equation, we can see that "any" number with an exponent can be represented by a product, though it normally is not desirable.

Unlike summation, the sums of two terms cannot be separated into different sums. That is,
This can be thought of in terms of polynomials, as one generally cannot separate terms inside them before they are raised to an exponent, but with products, this is possible:

The product of powers with the same base can be written as an exponential of the sum of the powers' exponents:


Universal Declaration of Human Rights

The Universal Declaration of Human Rights is a "declaration" (something said in an important way) by the United Nations General Assembly. It talks about basic human rights -- rights that all people have just because they are human. It was "adopted" (agreed to) by the United Nations General Assembly on December 10, 1948.

The UDHR (initialism for Universal Declaration of Human Rights) is translated into over 300 languages. This is more languages than any other document, according to the Guinness Book of World Records.

The UDHR may be broken into 30 parts or "articles". Each article says one idea about human rights. Most people think these are the most important ideas:


Below is a simplified list of all of the UDHR rights.

1. We Are All Born Free & Equal. We are all born free. We all have our own thoughts and ideas. We should all be treated in the same way.

2. Don’t Discriminate. These rights belong to everybody, whatever our differences.

3. The Right to Life. We all have the right to life, and to live in freedom and safety. 

4. No Slavery. Nobody has any right to make us a slave. We cannot make anyone our slave. 

5. No Torture. Nobody has any right to hurt us or to torture us. 

6. You Have Rights No Matter Where You Go. I am a person just like you! 

7. We’re All Equal Before the Law. The law is the same for everyone. It must treat us all fairly. 

8. Your Human Rights Are Protected by Law. We can all ask for the law to help us when we are not treated fairly. 

9. No Unfair Detainment. Nobody has the right to put us in prison without good reason and keep us there, or to send us away from our country. 

10. The Right to Trial. If we are put on trial this should be in public. The people who try us should not let anyone tell them what to do. 

11. We’re Always Innocent Till Proven Guilty. Nobody should be blamed for doing something until it is proven. When people say we did a bad thing we have the right to show it is not true. 

12. The Right to Privacy. Nobody should try to harm our good name. Nobody has the right to come into our home, open our letters, or bother us or our family without a good reason. 

13. Freedom to Move. We all have the right to go where we want in our own country and to travel as we wish. 

14. The Right to Seek a Safe Place to Live. If we are frightened of being badly treated in our own country, we all have the right to run away to another country to be safe. 

15. Right to a Nationality. We all have the right to belong to a country.

16. Marriage and Family. Every grown-up has the right to marry and have a family if they want to. Men and women have the same rights when they are married, and when they are separated.

17. The Right to Your Own Things. Everyone has the right to own things or share them. Nobody should take our things from us without a good reason.

18. Freedom of Thought. We all have the right to believe in what we want to believe, to have a religion, or to change it if we want. 

19. Freedom of Expression. We all have the right to make up our own minds, to think what we like, to say what we think, and to share our ideas with other people. 

20. The Right to Public Assembly. We all have the right to meet our friends and to work together in peace to defend our rights. Nobody can make us join a group if we don’t want to.

21. The Right to Democracy. We all have the right to take part in the government of our country. Every grown-up should be allowed to choose their own leaders. 

22. Social Security. We all have the right to affordable housing, medicine, education, and childcare, enough money to live on and medical help if we are ill or old. 

23. Workers’ Rights. Every grown-up has the right to do a job, to a fair wage for their work, and to join a trade union. 

24. The Right to Play. We all have the right to rest from work and to relax. 

25. Food and Shelter for All. We all have the right to a good life. Mothers and children, people who are old, unemployed or disabled, and all people have the right to be cared for. 

26. The Right to Education. Education is a right. Our parents can choose what we learn. 

27. Copyright. Copyright is a special law that protects one’s own artistic creations and writings; others cannot make copies without permission. We all have the right to our own way of life and to enjoy the good things that art, science and learning bring. 

28. A Fair and Free World. There must be proper order so we can all enjoy rights and freedoms in our own country and all over the world. 

29. Responsibility. We have a duty to other people, and we should protect their rights and freedoms. 

30. No One Can Take Away Your Human Rights.

The United Nations Human Development Report has been criticised by different people. Mainly Islamic countries have pointed out that its understanding is mainly that of Christians or Jews. Muslims could not implement certain parts of the declaration, without trespassing Islamic law. On 30 June 2000, Muslim nations that are members of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference officially resolved to support the Cairo Declaration on Human Rights in Islam, an alternative document that says people have "freedom and right to a dignified life in accordance with the Islamic Shari’ah".


Dolphin

Dolphins are part of the toothed whales. Generally, they are among the smaller whales. Most live in salt water oceans, but some live in rivers there are oceanic dolphins and river dolphins. Dolphins are from to long, but the largest dolphin, the killer whale (or orca), can be up to long. 

All dolphins live in groups called "pods". They are social animals at all stages of their life. They have some remarkable behaviours. A speeding group of dolphins is a sight to see. They "porpoise" in and out of the water at high speed. The function of this is not known for sure. It may be the fastest movement they are capable of. What they eat, almost exclusively, is fish. When they chase fish, the fish go into a "bait ball" to self-protect. In turn, the dolphins attack in a group and eat as many fish as they can.

The name 'dolphin' comes from the Ancient Greek δελφίς ("delphis") meaning "with a womb", because it was first thought to be a fish with a womb. It is now known to be a mammal, and quite an intelligent mammal. Dolphins breathe air. A dolphin's nose is on top of its head so the dolphin can easily breathe on the surface of the water. The skin of a dolphin has no scales. It is soft and smooth. However, it is very firm, due to how much muscle they have. Dolphins use echolocation to find their food.

The skin of a bottlenose dolphin is gray, smooth, and rubbery. They are always social. They can help each other fight off predators. Dolphins have fought off sharks in this way. They can kill large sharks by ramming them over and over again with their snouts and heads. They look after the young, when the mothers need to leave their calves to hunt for food. The young need to breathe more often than the adults, and the food may be in deeper waters.

Oceanic dolphins are marine animals living in the sea. They live in all of the oceans.

Three of the four species of river dolphins live in fresh water rivers. The La Plata dolphin lives in saltwater estuaries and the ocean. Water pollution and the loss of habitat are a threat to some dolphins, especially those living in rivers and estuaries.

Dolphins (and other cetaceans) sleep in the water. There is danger from animals that eat dolphins. Dolphins sleep differently than a person. Dolphins have two sides of their brain, which they use to sleep. One side sleeps, while the other side stays awake. Dolphins do things while asleep: 


Dolphin groups or species have their own way of sleeping. Pinnipeds, like seals, can sleep like dolphins.

The brain of a dolphin is like a human brain in size and development. Dolphins have reasonable eyesight. They can watch a thing in the water, and they can see colors, too. They can also see in dark places.

A dolphin's hearing is better than their sight. There are small holes behind the eyes, and they are the ears of a dolphin. Dolphins can hear a sound underwater. They can know the direction of the sound very well.

Dolphins have long played a role in human culture. Dolphins are common in Greek mythology and there are many coins from ancient Greece which feature a man or boy or deity riding on the back of a dolphin. The Ancient Greeks welcomed dolphins; spotting dolphins riding in a ship’s wake was considered a good omen. In Hindu mythology, the Ganges River Dolphin is associated with Ganga, the deity of the Ganges river.

Dolphin meat is eaten in a few countries, including Japan and Peru (where it is referred to as "chancho marino", or "sea pork"). Japan may be the best-known and most controversial example, but eating dolphin is not that common.

Dolphin therapy is sometimes used for people with mental or physical handicaps. It involves contact with trained dolphins. It is not agreed whether this is any better than the usual treatments.
Scientists continue to study dolphin therapy.

"Some examples:"


Guinea

Guinea, or the Republic of Guinea (), is an independent nation in Western Africa. Guinea borders 6 countries: Guinea-Bissau, Senegal, Mali, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Sierra Leone. The national language is French. It is a member of the Economic Community of West African States.

Before the Europeans arrived to Africa, Guinea was part of a couple of empires. In the 1890s, France colonized Guinea. In 1958, Guinea becomes independent.

Guinea is divided into 8 regions and then divided even further into 33 prefectures. The capital of Guinea, Conakry, is a special area.


The following are the biggest cities in Guinea, by population:


About 89% of people are Muslim, most of them are Sunni. 6.8% of people are Christian, most of them are Catholic.

The following is a list of notable people from Guinea:



Pig

Pigs or domestic pigs are mammals in the genus Sus. Pigs are in the Suidae family of even-toed ungulates. 

Related, but outside the genus, are the babirusa and the warthog. Pigs, like all suids, are native to the Old World. Baby pigs are called piglets or pups. Pigs are omnivores and are very social and intelligent animals. Its ancestor is the common Eurasian wild boar ("Sus scrofa").

The pig has stout, barrel-shaped bodies, with short legs.

The flesh of domestic pigs is eaten as food and is called pork. The Jewish and Muslim religions, and some Christian denominations, believe eating pork is wrong. Pig farmers take care that the animals do not get diseases or parasites which might harm humans.
Domestic pigs come in different colours, shapes and sizes. They are usually pink, but little pigs kept as pets ("pot-bellied pigs") are sometimes other colours. Pigs roll in mud to protect themselves from sunlight. Many people think that pigs are dirty and smell. In fact, they roll around in the mud to keep bugs and ticks away from their skin. This also helps to keep their skin moist and lower their body temperature on hot days. They are omnivores, which means that they eat both plants and animals. 

Pigs are smart animals. They are even able to learn how to play video games. 
Pigs are commonly used as working animals. They are used to hunt for truffles, pull carts and sniff out landmines. Pig races exist.

Pigs need a warm, clean area under a roof to sleep, and they should not be crowded. They need to be checked for sickness regularly. Pigs need lots of water. Over half their body weight is made up of water. Pigs should be given all the feed they will eat, which is usually four to five pounds a day for adult pigs. Corn is a good food for pigs, but they should also have protein supplements as well.

Pigs can be found throughout the world living on farms and in the wild, and they are also popular pets. Pigs are kept and slaughtered for their flesh, pork. 

Wheat

Wheat (Genus: "Triticum") is a cereal grain. People eat it most often in the form of bread. It is a kind of grass whose fruit is a "head of wheat" with edible seeds. It was first grown in the Levant, a region of the Near East. Now it is cultivated worldwide.

World trade in wheat is greater than for all other crops combined. Globally, wheat is the leading source of vegetable protein in human food. It has a higher protein content than other major cereals such as maize (corn) or rice. In terms of total production, it is second to rice as the main human food crop and ahead of maize (maize is used more for animal feeds). Almost 800,000,000 tonnes are harvested every year.

Wheat was a key factor enabling the emergence of city-based societies at the start of civilization. It was one of the first crops that could be easily cultivated on a large scale, and its seeds could be stored for long periods in a dry climate. Wheat helped the growth of city-states in the Fertile Crescent, including the Babylonian, Assyrian and persian empires.

Wheat grain is a staple food used to make flour for leavened, flat and steamed breads, biscuits, cookies, cakes, breakfast cereal, pasta, noodles, couscous. It can also be fermented to make ethanol, for alcoholic drinks, or biofuel.

An allergy to wheat (mostly from its gluten) can cause coeliac disease, which makes the sufferer have diarrhoea if they eat any food containing wheat.

The wheat plant has long, slender leaves, stems that are hollow in most types of wheat plants, and heads that have many kinds of flowers, from 20 to 100. The flowers are grouped together in spikelets. Each spikelet has two to six flowers. In most spikelets, two or three of the flowers become fertilized, and this makes them produce the grains used for food.

All cultivated wheats have more than one normal diploid set of chromosomes. The increases in chromosome sets occurs naturally at a low rate. Because they have more chromosomes, their ears of wheat are larger. All man did was to select the plants with extra fat ears of wheat when they occurred. Now a whole range of cultivated wheats are available. These are just a few:

Hexaploid species (six sets of chromosomes)

Tetraploid species (four sets)

Diploid species (normal two sets of chromosomes)

Emmer wheat ("Triticum dicoccum"), or 'hulled wheat', is a type of "awned" wheat. It was one of the first crops domesticated in the Near East. It was widely cultivated in the ancient world, but is now a relict crop in mountainous regions of Europe and Asia.

In the wild, the awns of emmer wheat spikelets help them dig into the soil. With humidity in the night, the awns of the spikelet become erect and draw together, and in the process push the grain into the soil. During the day, the humidity drops and the awns slacken back again. During the course of days and nights, the awns' pumping movements drill the spikelet as much as an inch into the soil.

Einkorn wheat is one of the earliest cultivated forms of wheat, ("Triticum monococcum"). Grains of wild einkorn have been found in Paleolithic sites of the Fertile Crescent. It was first domesticated about 7500 BC (~9000 years ago), in the early Neolithic period. Evidence from DNA suggests einkorn was domesticated in southeast Turkey, where a number of early farming villages have been found. Its cultivation decreased in the Bronze Age, and today it is a relic crop that is rarely planted. It has found a new market as a health food. It is still used for bulgur (cracked wheat) or as animal feed, in mountainous areas of France, Libya, former Yugoslavia, Turkey and other countries. It often survives on poor soils where other species of wheat fail.

Einkorn was domesticated at the same time as emmer wheat, but was not so important.


Taliban

The Taliban is a large Sunni Islamic fundamentalist militant group operating in Afghanistan. The group formed the government of Afghanistan from 1996 to 2001 and took military control of most of Afghanistan again in August 2021. Since the Fall of Kabul on 15 August 2021, the Taliban again has full control of Afghanistan.

In 1994 Taliban started a government in southern Afghanistan called the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan. The first leader of the Taliban was Mullah Mohammed Omar.

The Taliban governed Afghanistan between 1996 and 2001. During this time, its leaders put in place the strictest forms of Sharia law ever seen in the Muslim world. Much criticism of the Taliban came from important Muslim scholars. For example, if a thief was caught stealing something the Taliban would cut off one of his hands so that he does not use it to steal again, no matter what it was that he stole. Many criminals were put to death quickly and without a fair trial and were executed in public. Anyone who refused to follow the law was considered a non-Muslim enemy. Every male had to go to mosque for prayer (except Afghan non-Muslims) during praying times, which is five times per day.

The Taliban became known around the world for their very bad treatment of women and girls, denying them human rights. They also treated the Shia Muslim (who they consider heretics) and non-Muslim minorities (who are Hindus and Sikhs) very badly. Every form of art, music and entertainment was strictly banned under their rule, and sculptures, paintings, photos, cameras, televisions, etc. were destroyed. The Taliban also did cultural genocide when they destroyed the Buddhas of Bamiyan in February and March 2001, because they consider the display of human and animal figures a sin.

After the September 11 attacks in 2001, the United States invaded Afghanistan. The Taliban had been giving its ally al-Qaeda a safe base from which to operate. The United States government said that Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda members did the attacks in the U.S. The Taliban asked the U.S. for proof of this before it would arrest them. The aim of the invasion was to remove the Taliban government from power, destroy al-Qaeda and capture bin Laden. After losing power in 2001, the Taliban had its headquarters in Pakistan.

In February 2020, the United States and the Taliban signed the Doha Agreement that would remove all U.S. troops from Afghanistan by May 1, 2021. President of the United States Joe Biden said that the U.S. exit from Afghanistan would start on May 1, 2021 and end by September 11, 2021, which would be exactly 20 years since the September 11 attacks.

On 15 August 2021, the Taliban captured Kabul and the Afghan government collapsed, with the Taliban taking control of most of Afghanistan. On 30 August 2021, the Taliban had took full control of the country and ending the War in Afghanistan, after the evacuations from Afghanistan ended.


It is estimated that in 2020 the Taliban had an income of $1.6 billion, mostly from drugs, mining, extortion and taxes, donations (or gifts) and exports.

The Taliban have financed themselves mostly from selling illegal drugs. A big part of the opium sold worldwide comes from Afghanistan: The Taliban grow the poppies (which are used to make opium). Another part of their income is racketeering: they offer "protection" in exchange for money. They also take taxes (in accordance with Islamic law, as they claim) in the areas they control. Finally, there's financial support in the form of donations, from abroad. Most of the donations come from countries around the Persian Gulf; many donations also come from Pakistan.

An article in 2021 in the Wall Street Journal said that there is [financing or] "funding from the opium trade and extortion schemes [... for] Taliban operations".

In the past, the Taliban had views on society that are stricter than those of many other Islamic countries:

They had the following rules for girls and women:

Several Taliban and al-Qaeda commanders ran a network of human trafficking. They abducted girls and women from ethnic minorities and sold them into sex slavery in Afghanistan and Pakistan. "Time" magazine writes: "The Taliban often argued that the restrictions they placed on women were actually a way of [worshipping] and protecting the opposite sex. The behavior of the Taliban during the six years they expanded their rule in Afghanistan made a mockery of that claim."

The targets for human trafficking were mostly women from non-Pashtun ethnic groups in Afghanistan. Some women preferred to commit suicide rather than become slaves.. During one Taliban and al-Qaeda offensive in 1999 in the Shomali Plains alone, more than 600 women were kidnapped. Arab and Pakistani al-Qaeda militants, with local Taliban forces, forced them into trucks and buses. "Time" magazine writes: "The trail of the missing Shomali women leads to Jalalabad, not far from the Pakistan border. There, according to eyewitnesses, the women were penned up inside Sar Shahi camp in the desert. The more desirable among them were selected and taken away. Some were trucked to Peshawar with the apparent complicity of Pakistani border guards. Others were taken to Khost, where bin Laden had several training camps." Officials from relief agencies say, the trail of many of the vanished women leads to Pakistan where they were sold to brothels or into private households to be kept as slaves.

Not all Taliban commanders took part in human trafficking. Many were opposed to the practice. Nuruludah, a Taliban commander, is quoted as saying that in the Shomali Plains, he and ten of his men freed some women who were being abducted by Pakistani members of al-Qaeda. In Jalalabad, local Taliban commanders freed women that were being held by Arab members of al-Qaeda in a camp.

In their attacks, the Taliban also target civilians in Afghanistan. According to a report by the United Nations, the Taliban were responsible for over 76% of civilian casualties in 2009. In 2010, the Taliban were again responsible for over three quarters of the civilian casualties. Civilians are targets of Taliban attacks twice as often as forces of the Afghan government, or troops of ISAF.

In 2011, the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission (AIGRC) said that Taliban fighters targeting civilians was a "war crime". Religious leaders condemned the attacks on civilans, saying they were against Islamic ethics.

Also in 2011, human rights organisations pressed the International Criminal Court in Den Haag, to start investigations whether the Taliban committed war crimes.

When they took control of the country, the Taliban promised an amesty to the fighters and officials of the former government. At the end of 2021, a few months after the Taliban taking control, Human Rights Watch, and other organisations have documented summary executions of these people. The United States, the European Union, and several other countries have therefore told the Taliban that they should keep the promise they gave.


Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan operates in northwestern Pakistan and is sometimes called the Pakistani Taliban, but they are a separate group.

Before the beginning of Tehrik-i-Taliban some of its (later) leaders and fighters were part of the 8,000 Pakistani militants fighting in the War in Afghanistan (1996–2001) and the War in Afghanistan (2001–present) against the United Islamic Front and NATO forces. Most of them come from the Pakistani side of the Af-Pak border regions. After the fall of the Afghan Taliban in late 2001 most Pakistani militants including members of today's TTP escaped (home) to Pakistan.

At the peace talks in Doha, there is little or no progress (as of 2021's third quarter).






Screw

A screw is a sharp piece of threaded metal similar to a nail. Unlike a nail, a screw has spiral grooves down its spike. A screw is pressed down against wood and turned with a screwdriver. Turning the screw to the right makes it go into the wood. The grooves cut into the wood. This prevents the screw from falling out, as a nail might. Turning the screw to the left pulls it out of the wood. 

Screws can be made of steel, iron, brass, bronze, plastic, etc.

There are also machine screws and self-tapping screws. Machine screws are bolts which have screw threads. The threads matched with nuts with female threads. 

Screw threads are measured either in millimeters or in numbers. They are used in furniture, doors, appliances, etc.

Screwing is the neatest way of holding together two materials. If no glue is involved, then the screwing can be dismantled. 

These are three different types of screw. 

Do not place screws in line as this weakens the wood. 
Use the right size screwdriver for the screw head. A screwdriver that is too slim can damage the slot, too wide can tear the materials. Screw threads in both wood and metal can become stripped, resulting in loss of holding power, and can also be difficult to remove.

A screw is a type of simple machine.


Tajikistan

Tajikistan is a country in Central Asia. It was previously part of the Soviet Union. Tajikistan is a republic. The capital city is Dushanbe. The official language is Tajik,which is a dialect of Farsi (Persian).

Tajikistan is a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States, the CIS. Tajikistan is eighth in size of CIS countries.

Tajikistan is one of the new countries in South-central Asia. It is west of China, north of Afghanistan and Pakistan, that is separated by a narrow 14 km strip of Tajik claimed land known as the Wakhan Corridor in the Pamirs, east of Uzbekistan and south of Kyrgyzstan.

Tajikistan is landlocked in the middle of the continent of Asia.

Its total area is only about . It is slightly smaller than Wisconsin, USA. Tajikistan’s borders total to long.

The climate has hot summers and mild winters.

Almost all of the country (85 percent) is mountainous with river valleys running across, however high altitude mountains of Pomir are in the eastern part of the country, (which is the west end of the Himalayas). The climate there is semiarid to polar. The mountains cover an area of about . There are other countries within the mountain range. The mountains are between high.

Karakul lake is located within a meteorite crater, which would have formed about 25 million years ago, or less than 5 million years ago.

The land that is now Tajikistan has been lived in since 4,000 BC. It has been under the rule of various empires throughout history, mostly the Persian Empires.

In the year 800, Islam came to north-east of Iran, (Nowadays called a part of this Land Tajikistan)

In 1868, Tajikistan became a Russian Colony. It later became a part of the Soviet Union.

On 9 September 1991, after long periods of mass protests against the Soviet Government, the Parliament of Tajikistan declared independence from Soviet Union, and held the first presidential elections.

Rahmon Nabiev, who ran the country during Soviet Union in the late 1970s and early 1980s, become its president. He was unable to bring any much-needed reforms to the country, and so there were protests in the capital city, Dushanbe.
The government responded by organizing a pro-government demonstration, mainly made of old Communist Party members and people from the southeast of the country brought to the city. Anti-government protests did not stop, so the government gave weapons to the pro-government demonstrator. Then the Opposition armed themselves.

After this bloody civil war broke out. In which all of the new democratic parties, political organizations, and movements together with the political Islamic movements created an alliance, opposing the old communist government and southerners.

After the September 11, 2001 attacks, many American and French Soldiers came into the country.

In 2010 a leaked US Embassy cable described Tajikistan as

"... The greatest obstacle to improving the economy is resistance to reform. From the President down to the policeman on the street, the government is characterized by cronyism and corruption. Emomali Rahmon and his family control the country's major businesses, including the largest bank, and they play hardball to protect their business interests, no matter the cost to the economy writ large... The government has limited opposition party operations and rejected electoral law reforms for the February 28, 2010, parliamentary elections. The Embassy does not expect the elections to be free and fair. There has been almost no coverage of opposition political parties by state media, and most of the population is unaware of the purpose of the elections..." 

Tajikistan is divided into 4 provinces.


Fear

Fear is a feeling or an emotion. When a person has fear, they are afraid or scared. A person who fears something does not want it to happen. The fear response comes from sensing danger. It leads to the fight-or-flight response. In extreme cases of fear (horror and terror) there may be a freeze response or paralysis.

In humans and animals, fear is adjusted by cognition and learning. Thus fear is rational or appropriate, or it is irrational or inappropriate. An irrational fear is called a phobia.

Fear is the body's way of protecting itself from doing things that may be dangerous. For example, if one has a fear of jumping off a cliff, he/she will not do it. This saves one from death. In this case, fear is a good thing but in others, it can be bad. An example of fear being bad is if it stops one from doing something important, like going to see a doctor. Methods of controlling phobias include facing the fear over and over so the effect of the phobia becomes less until it stops being a phobia.

There is only a small set of basic or innate emotions and fear is one of them. The fear response helps survival by triggering appropriate behavioral responses. It has been preserved throughout evolution.


Tongue

The tongue is the fleshy muscle inside the mouth. A tongue lets us taste because the top of the tongue is made mostly of taste buds. It also helps the process of mastication by mixing food with saliva. It is very flexible, so it also helps us eat and talk. The tongue is the strongest muscle in the human body. 

Some people can roll their tongue into a tube. The reason why some people are able to and some are not is because of genetic inheritance, meaning that it is based on whether their parents are able to do it. Many schools use tongue rolling as an example of a genetic trait.

People who can roll their tongue can sometimes make a high pitched sound by blowing through their rolled tongue.

Titanium

Titanium is a very strong metal that is used in special applications. The most common isotope has 26 neutrons. Titanium was discovered in 1791 by William Gregor. It is chemical element number 22 on the periodic table. Its symbol is "Ti". It has 22 electrons and 22 protons. Its name comes from the name of the strong Greek gods called Titans.

Titanium can combine with other chemicals to make different materials. When titanium mixes with oxygen from the air, it forms titanium dioxide (TiO) or titania, which forms a hard passivation layer around the metal that prevents corrosion. Titanium dioxide is a white pigment that is often used to make things less transparent, brighter, or rougher - because it does not react with chemicals inside the human body, it is safe to use in foods and other applications, like toothpaste. 

Titanium alloys are used in aerospace engineering to make very strong and light parts of aeroplanes. These alloys can replace steel because they are almost as strong as steel but much lighter. They are also much stronger than aluminium alloys, but only a little heavier, meaning that titanium parts can be thinner and lighter, while still withstanding the same forces. It does not corrode in most conditions, even when exposed to sea water or chlorine. However, it can burn at high temperatures, and like many metal powders, titanium dust is extremely flammable.

More than a third of the world's titanium in 2021 was produced by a Russian firm, VSMPO-AVISMA, which has factories in many countries including one in Redditch, England.

Hebrew language

Hebrew is the language of Jewish people around the world, an official language of Israel and n linguistics a Semitic language. 

Many Jewish people speak English and also speak Hebrew, as Hebrew is part of Judaism. It was first spoken in Israel. 

It was spoken by Israelites a long time ago, during the time of the Bible. After Judah was conquered by Babylonia, the Jews were taken captive (prisoner) to Babylon and started speaking Aramaic. Hebrew was no longer used much in daily life, but it was still known by Jews who studied halakha.

In the 20th century, many Jews decided to make Hebrew into a spoken language again. It became the language of the new country of Israel in 1948. People in Israel came from many places and decided to learn Hebrew, the language of their common ancestors, so that they could all speak one language. However, Modern Hebrew is quite different from Biblical Hebrew, with a simpler grammar and many loanwords from other languages, especially English.

As of 2021, Hebrew has been the only dead language that had been made into a living language again.

The Hebrew Bible was originally written in Biblical Hebrew.

Hebrew is a Semitic language, like Arabic, a similar language. Hebrew words are made by combining a root with a pattern. In Israeli Hebrew, some words are translated from European languages like English, French, German, and Russian. Many words from the Old Testament were given new meanings in Israeli Hebrew. People learning Hebrew need to study the grammar first so that they can read correctly without vowels.

In Israeli Hebrew, there is no verb "to be" in the present tense only in the future and the past tenses. In Biblical Hebrew, there are no tenses but only two aspects: imperfect and perfect. The imperfect is something like the future and the present tenses. The perfect is something like the past tense.

Mishnaic Hebrew was spoken as well as Judeo-Aramaic at the time of Jesus and at the time of the Bar-Kokhba revolt (2nd century AD) until the Byzantine Empire of Justinian (6th century AD).

The Hebrew alphabet has been adapted to write Yiddish, another Jewish language. However, Yiddish is different from Hebrew because Yiddish comes from a mix of German, Hebrew, and other languages.

The Hebrew alphabet has 22 letters. Five of them change when they are at the end of a word. Hebrew is read and written from right to left. The first three letters, aleph, beth and gimel, are also used in mathematics in the context of transfinite numbers.

The Hebrew alphabet is an "abjad" and so only the consonants are written, and readers must supply the vowels. Since that can be difficult, the vowels can be marked as dots called “nikkud” or “tnuah” (plural ”nikkud” signs and “tnuot” respectively.) In Modern Hebrew, some letters can denote vowels, which are called "matres lectionis" (mothers of the reading) since they greatly help reading. Vav (or Waw) can make the 'oo' sound (/u/ in IPA) like in food. Yodh (or Yud) can make the 'ee' sound (/i/ in IPA) like in feed.


Joan of Arc

Saint Joan of Arc or The Maid of Orléans (Jeanne d'Arc, 6 January 141230 May 1431) was a national heroine of France. She is also a Catholic saint. She was a peasant girl born in the east of France. Joan said that she had visions from God. In these visions, she said that God told her to take back her home, which was then under English rule late in the Hundred Years' War. Many quick military victories made her famous. In 1430, soldiers of Burgundy captured her and gave her to her English enemies.

Joan of Arc has remained an important figure in Western civilization. Famous writers like Shakespeare, Tchaikovsky, Mark Twain, and Voltaire wrote about her. She appears in video games, television, movies, songs, and dances.

Joan of Arc was born in Domremy, a small town in northeast France, in 1412 – one of five children born to Jacques and Isabelle. Growing up in a poor farming family, Joan didn’t go to school but instead took care of the farm’s animals. Her mother also taught her how to spin and sew. 

Joan’s family were very religious and when Joan was about 12, she had a vision. She said an angel told her to lead the French in a battle against the English, and to take back her homeland from English rule. She was also told to take Charles, the eldest child of France’s former king, to reclaim the throne at the city of Rheims. 

Joan had more visions during her teenage years, which she believed were coming from God. When she was 16, she decided to take action.

Joan asked a town official to take her to Charles, to seek permission to lead an army. The official just laughed at her, but Joan didn’t give up. She continued to hear voices and also made some extraordinary predictions, such as the French being defeated at the Battle of Rouvray near Orleans (when they were thought to be the stronger side). When these predictions came true, Joan gained the support of some local leaders. Before long, she was taken to the royal court in the city of Chinon. 

Joan had to travel through some dangerous territory. She cut her hair short and dressed like a man so she wouldn’t be recognised. Charles was suspicious of such a young girl at first, and had her questioned by church representatives. But he eventually allowed her to lead an army to the city of Orleans, which was being held by the English. Meantime, Joan had been practicing her horse riding skills. Although she didn’t fight in the battles, she encouraged the soldiers’ bravery. She dressed as a knight and carried a flag instead of a sword.

Word got round about Joan and her visions. The people of Orleans greeted her with cheers and celebrations, thinking that God might save them from English rule. Joan’s army fought hard, and although Joan was wounded with an arrow, she didn’t give up. After some fierce fighting, the English eventually retreated from Orleans and Joan’s army had won a great victory. 

But her work was not done. Joan then persuaded her army to take the city of Rheims, where Charles was crowned as King Charles VII of France in 1429. At the king’s coronation, Joan was given a place of honour. 

The following year, when Joan heard the city of Compiegne was under attack from the Burgundians, she took a small army to help defend the city. But during the attack, Joan was captured. She was later sold to the English as a prisoner, although she tried to escape several times. The English wanted to prove that Joan was a heretic (a person who goes against the word of the church) or that she had used witchcraft to defeat them. They couldn’t find any evidence against her, but eventually claimed that because she had repeatedly dressed as a man, when asked not to, she was guilty and deserved to die. Tragically, King Charles did nothing to help her. 

Joan was burned alive at the stake in the marketplace of Rouen in 1431. She bravely forgave her accusers and asked for a cross before she died. She was just 19 years old. 

Twenty-five years later, Pope Callixtus III said that Joan was not guilty of any wrongdoing. Then nearly 500 years later, in 1920, Joan was made a Saint of the Catholic Church, and forever remains a national heroine of France.

When Joan of Arc was put on trial, she said no to the customary courtroom rules about a witness's oath. She said she would not answer every question about her visions. She complained that the normal witness oath would not be right because she had an oath that she had given to the king. It is not known how much the record which reports this has been changed by dishonest court officials or her possible lies to protect state secrets. Some historians simply say that her belief in her duty was more important than where the visions came from.

Most people say that she was healthy and that she was not crazy. Recently, people have tried to explain her visions through things like epilepsy, migraine, tuberculosis, and schizophrenia. None of these guesses have been greatly supported. This is because, even though seeing visions can be through different diseases, other facts of Joan's life do not agree with these ideas. Two experts who studied a teberculoma hypothesis in the medical journal "Neuropsychobiology "said: "It is difficult to draw final conclusions, but it would seem unlikely that widespread tuberculosis, a serious disease, was present in this 'patient' whose life-style and activities would surely have been impossible had such a serious disease been present." Ralph Hoffman, professor of psychology at Yale University, points out that visions, like ""hearing voices"" are not always signs of mental illness. He says that her religious inspiration was possibly a reason. However, he does not say any other reasons.

Nonetheless, the court of Charles VII was obsessed about her mental health.

Joan was tried by a French inquisitorial tribunal under English control. The Church said Joan should be killed for wearing men's clothes even after being warned not to. Joan agreed to wear women's clothes. She wore male clothes again. This might have been to protect herself from being attacked. It could also have been, as Jean Massieu said, because her dress had been stolen and she was left with nothing else to wear.

She was burned on a stake on 30 May 1431, at age 19. After she died, the English showed people her burnt body so no one could say she had escaped alive. Then they burned the body two times again to turn it into ashes. They put what was left of her in the Seine. The executioner, Geoffroy Therage, later said that he "...greatly feared to be damned."
The English painter William Etty painted a 28 ft (8.5 m) wide and 9 ft 9 in (3 m) high triptych of the life of Saint Joan of Arc. Etty sold the painting; The new owners were an engraver and a dealer who went bankrupt in 1852. The paintings were separated and sold by 1893. The first panel which showed Joan of Arc finding the sword in the church of St. Catherine de Fierbois ended up in the collection of Llantarnam Abbey, Cwmbran, South Wales, U.K. (The Painting was sold at Auction by Bonham in 2021) The Second panel is in the collection of the Musée des Beaux-Arts d'Orléans. The third panel has since been lost.


James Kopp

James Charles Kopp (born August 2, 1954) is an American criminal. He was found guilty of murder in 2005 for shooting Dr. Barnett Slepian to death in 1988. Kopp said the reason he shot the doctor was that he was against the abortions that the doctor did.

On October 23, 1998, Slepian, his wife, and their four children came home from synagogue (Jewish church). Kopp waited outside the home with a rifle. He shot Slepian in the back through a window while Slepian was in the kitchen. Slepian's wife and son Andrew were standing in the same room with him.

Millet

Millet is a type of grain that is eaten. There are many types of millet. Millets are of good nutritional value.

Millets also have high fiber content, and poor digestibility of nutrients. This limits their value in nutrition and makes them rather less acceptable to consumers.

The Flowers of Romance

The Flowers of Romance might mean:

Sonic the Hedgehog (character)

Sonic the Hedgehog is a video game character. He is a 16-year old blue hedgehog who can run at the speed of sound. By curling into a ball and spinning quickly, he can do a helpful "Spin Attack" which he uses to defeat the villains and save the day. He has been in many games made by the company Sega, but also in television series, books and comics (published in America by Archie Comics). He has many friends, including Miles "Tails" Prower, a two-tailed fox that can fly by spinning his tails very quickly or Knuckles the Echidna (who is strong, and has been in Sonic games since "Sonic the Hedgehog 3"). With them, he fights against his nemesis Doctor Eggman, an evil scientist attempting to conquer the world.

Sonic is the mascot of Sega, which created it in the early 1990s. At first, Sega wanted Doctor Eggman to be their mascot, and a good guy. But, the people in Sega liked the new idea of making a blue hedgehog as the mascot. Doctor Eggman settled as the bad guy instead. Sonic’s franchise has grown, and more characters are displayed in games.

Here is a list of some games Sonic is in:

He appeared in his own made-for-video movie in 1999.
In most of the cartoons from the 1990s his voice was provided by Jaleel White (who was best known at the time for his role as Steve Urkel on the television show "Family Matters") and in later cartoons his voice was provided by Jason Griffith. Sonic also stars in his latest cartoon from Japan. It is called "Sonic X", although Sonic X has ended.

Here is a list of cartoons Sonic is in:

Archie Comics in America has been making comics with Sonic as the main character. He is also shown with famous characters like Knuckles and Tails, but with also a few new ones. Some of the characters are not in any Sonic games, but some are in a very old cartoon, "Sonic the Hedgehog SatAM", made by DiC in 1993.





Throughout the years, Sonic has went through several different voice actors. Jaleel White began voicing the character in the DiC animated series "Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog", as well as "Sonic SatAM" and "Sonic Underground". White also reprised the role again in the 2013 "Sonic" fan film.

Beginning in 1998, Sonic was voiced by Ryan Drummond, starting with "Sonic Adventure". He continued to voice the character for six more years until 2004, his final performance as Sonic was in "Sonic Advance 3". Drummond was replaced by Jason Griffith starting with the anime series, "Sonic X", with Griffith voicing Sonic within the games starting with "Shadow The Hedgehog" in 2005, he voiced the character for four more years until 2009 in "Sonic and the Black Knight". However, his recycled dialogue as Sonic was used in "Sonic & SEGA All-Stars Racing". After his departure from the role in 2010, Griffith did continue to voice Sonic in various 4Kids promotions until September 2014, when the Vortexx program came to an end.

Griffith was replaced by Roger Craig Smith, starting with "Sonic Free Riders" and "Sonic Colors". Smith announced on his Twitter account on January 29, 2021, that he would no longer voice Sonic, with his departure confirmed by Sega the same day. On May 26, 2021, Smith announced that he will continue to voice Sonic once again. Ben Schwartz voiced Sonic in the 2020 feature film and reprised the role for the 2022 sequel.

Deven Mack voices Sonic in the 2022 animated Netflix series "Sonic Prime".


Hedgehog

A hedgehog, also called a hedgepig or furze-pig, is a small mammal. It has between 5000 and 7000 spines on its back. There are hedgehogs in Europe, Asia, Africa, and New Zealand. When attacked or threatened, it curls up. Hedgehogs eat insects, snails, frogs and toads, snakes, bird eggs, carrion, mushrooms, berries and melons. Sometimes, hedgehogs will search for earthworms after rainstorms.

Hedgehogs are nocturnal animals and they hibernate between November and March.

Hedgehogs have long spines, or quills, made of keratin. They do not come off easily, unlike porcupines, but in baby hedgehogs, the baby quills drop off and are replaced with adult quills. This is called "quilling". When they are very stressed or sick, their quills can fall off, too. Their quills are not poisonous: they are safe for humans to feel and touch, as they are not very sharp, or harmful.

Some people keep hedgehogs as pets. African pygmy hedgehogs are the most common type that are kept as pets. They live 2–4 years in captivity. Hedgehogs are exotic pets, which means they may not be legal to keep as pets in some places.


Final Fantasy

The first game was published in 1987. The game was a success. It had sequels. The video game has since branched into other Video game genres. Some of these genres are tactical role-playing, action role-playing, massively multiplayer online role-playing, racing, third-person shooter, fighting, and rhythm.

Most "Final Fantasy" games are independent stories. They have different settings and main characters. Recurring elements include plot themes, character names, and game mechanics. Plots center on a group of heroes fighting evil and exploring their internal struggles and relationships. Character names are borrowed from history, languages, and mythologies of many cultures.

The series is a commercial and critical success. It is Square Enix's best selling video game franchise. It sold more than units. It is one of the best-selling video game franchises. It was awarded a star on the Walk of Game in 2006. It has seven Guinness World Records in the "Guinness World Records Gamer's Edition 2008". Final Fantasy is known for its innovation, visuals, and music. It includes full motion videos, photo-realistic character models, and orchestra music by Nobuo Uematsu.

There are two main types of "Final Fantasy" game: the main series, where the games are just numbered with Roman numbers, and several related games and spinoffs. Each of the games in the main series have very little to do with each other, with its own setting, story, and characters. Some exceptions include "Final Fantasy X" and "X-2", the sequel, or "Final Fantasy XIII" and "Final Fantasy XIII-2" and "Lightning Returns". But the games are connected through the gameplay, themes, and 'style'. Newer sequels and prequels are "Final Fantasy X-2" and the "Compilation of Final Fantasy VII" games and films.

Since 1987, more than seventeen games have been released. The series started on Nintendo Entertainment System, but today most "Final Fantasy" games are made for the Sony PlayStation or PlayStation 2. Games have also been released for the Nintendo Game Boy and GameCube. "Final Fantasy VII" is generally regarded as one of the pinnacle achievements of gaming. A must-play for any gamer.

In 2001, Columbia Pictures made a CGI movie called "".

While it is not actually a "Final Fantasy" game, one game called "Final Fantasy Adventure" was released in America for the Nintendo Game Boy. The game was actually a prequel to the SNES game "Secret of Mana", but was released in the United States with the name "Final Fantasy" to boost sales. In 2003 it was remade for the Game Boy Advance with the title "Sword of Mana". In Japan, the Mana series is called "Seiken Densetsu", which means "Legend of the Sword." There are three games in the series, but only the first two, "Secret of Mana" and "Sword of Mana", have been released in the United States.

In "Final Fantasy", players control a group of characters. They go through the game's story by exploring the game world and defeating enemies. Enemies are found randomly. This changed in "Final Fantasy XI" and "Final Fantasy XII". The player gives combat orders. These orders are "Fight", "Magic", and "Item". The orders are given to individual characters through a menu. This menu appears when in battles.

The games have used different battle systems. Before "Final Fantasy XI", battles were turn-based. The main characters and bad characters were on different sides of the battlefield. "Final Fantasy IV" introduced the "Active Time Battle" (ATB) system. It made better the turn-based system with a time-keeping system. This system was designed by Hiroyuki Ito. It gave a feeling of urgency and excitement to the fights. It required the player to act before an enemy attacks. It was used until "Final Fantasy X". This game had the "Conditional Turn-Based" (CTB) system. This new system returned to the old turn-based system.

Magic is common in the game. The way characters get magic depends on the game. It is generally divided into classes organized by color: "White magic" focuses on spells that heal teammates; "Black magic" focuses on hurting enemies; "Red magic" is a combination of white and black magic, "Blue magic" copies enemy attacks; and "Green magic" focuses on applying status effects to teammates or enemies.

There are other types of magic like "Time magic". This magic focuses on time, space, and gravity; "Summoning magic" brings legendary creatures to help in battle. This magic has appeared since "Final Fantasy III". Summoned creatures are called names like "Espers" or "Eidolons". They are inspired by mythologies from Arabic, Hindu, Norse, and Greek cultures. 

Different means of transportation have appeared through the series. The most common is the airship. There are also chocobos for travelling short distances. Others include sea and land vehicles. Following "Final Fantasy VII", more modern and futuristic vehicles have appeared.

For Nintendo Entertainment System:

For Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES):

For Sony PlayStation:

For Sony PlayStation 2:

For PlayStation 3:

For Sony PlayStation 4

For Xbox 360:

For Xbox One:

For Nintendo Gameboy:

For Nintendo Gameboy Advance

For Nintendo GameCube:

For Nintendo Wii:

For Nintendo DS:

For PlayStation Portable:

For PC:


A list of upcoming "Final Fantasy" games.


Georges Brassens

Georges Brassens (October 22, 1921 - October 29, 1981) was a French singer and songwriter. He sang "La mauvaise réputation" (the bad reputation) and "Le gorille" (the gorilla).

Display resolution

Display resolution is the number of pixels displayed on a given surface. This is one of the numbers that say the capability of a computer monitor. 

For example: a "640 by 480 display", which has 640 pixels from side to side and 480 from top to bottom (as in a VGA display), and therefore has a total number of 640 × 480 = 307,200 pixels or 0.3 megapixels, is what is meant by 640 × 480 display resolution.


Cervix

The cervix is the bottom part of the womb (uterus) of the female reproductive system. The cervix is about 1 inch long. It is in the shape of a cylinder. The shape changes during pregnancy. There is a thin, central cervical canal that runs through its length. This canal connects the womb and the vagina. The opening into the uterus is called the internal os. The opening into the vagina is called the external os. The lower part of the cervix bulges into the top of the vagina. The cervix has been written about since at least the time of Hippocrates, over 2,000 years ago.

Bullet

Bullets are small metal objects fired from guns. Many kinds of bullets are made from lead covered with copper. They are put into a package called a cartridge, which is put into a gun. The bullet is at the front of the cartridge (number 1 in the picture). The bullet is pushed out of the gun by hot gases at a high pressure. A powder called gunpowder (number 3 in the picture) is put inside the case (number 2). A small explosion from the primer (number 5 in the picture) lights the gunpowder. The gunpowder burns very fast. It makes hot gases. The hot gases are at a high pressure. The high pressure pushes the bullet out of the gun barrel at a high speed. 

Bullets are weapons. Soldiers and police use them. They are used for self-defense. They are used for hunting animals for food or as a sport, but are also used for shooting targets. There are many kinds of bullets. Each gun takes a certain size, or caliber, of bullet. Rifles and handguns use different kinds and sometimes a gun uses more than one kind of bullet.

Although the word "bullet" is often used for a cartridge round, a bullet is "not" a cartridge but rather a part of one. A round of ammunition cartridge includes the bullet (which is the projectile), the case (which holds everything together), the propellant (which provides most of the energy to shoot it) and the primer (which ignites the propellant). 

Bullet designs have to solve two main problems. A bullet must fit tightly in the gun's bore (inside of the barrel). If it does not fit tightly, gas from the burning gunpowder leaks past the bullet and does not help push it out. The bullet must also fit tightly against the rifling (spiral grooves cut into the barrel), but not so tightly that it causes damage. Bullets must have this tight fit without causing too much friction. Bullets must be made to a high standard. Poorly made bullets may not be accurate. Poorly made bullets can damage the gun or hurt the person using the gun. The way the bullet behaves in the barrel is called 'internal ballistics'.

The laws of physics can be used to understand how a bullet moves after it leaves the barrel. The way the bullet behaves after it leaves the barrel is called 'external ballistics'. The main factors affecting the aerodynamics of a bullet in flight are the bullet's shape and the rotation from the rifling of the gun barrel. Spinning helps stabilize the bullet gyroscopically and aerodynamically (spinning keeps it on track). Any small differences in the shape of the bullet are mostly canceled as it spins. The first guns did not have rifling. With smoothbore firearms (no rifling), a round bullet was best because it was the same in any position. But these bullets were not very stable. They were also not very accurate. Still, the round shape of bullets did not change very much for hundreds of years.

Bullet design also affects what happens when a bullet hits an object. The way a bullet behaves when it hits a target is called 'terminal ballistics.' The make-up and density of the target material, the angle at which the bullet hits, and the speed and design of the bullet itself are all factors. Bullets are usually made to go into a target, change shape, and/or break apart. For a given material and bullet, the speed of the bullet is the main factor determining what happens.

Making bullets go faster increases the kinetic energy even more. This effect is big, so people have tried (and succeeded) to make bullets that go faster and weigh less. Modern firearms take much lighter bullets and shoot them much faster than was the case in World War I. This makes the firearms better in two ways. The magazine (which holds the cartridges in the gun before they are fired) holds more of the smaller, lighter bullets. Also, the higher speed causes much more damage than the old-style bullets.

 Rifles are used for target shooting and killing. A rifle bullet can be described by its accuracy, penetration, shape, size, and mass (weight). There are many different kinds of rifle bullets.

The Full Metal Jacket (FMJ) is a type of bullet commonly used by the military. A lead center (core) is surrounded by a strong metal coating (jacket). This jacket is usually made of a copper alloy, but sometimes it is made of steel. The FMJ does not spread out when it hits a target. It goes deep into its target and is a general-purpose bullet. The FMJ is not recommended for hunting. It is mostly for target shooting and military use.

The Jacketed Hollow Point (JHP) has a lead center (core) with lead showing at the tip. It also has a strong metal coating (jacket). The center of the tip has a hole in it (hollow point). This design makes the tip of the JHP quickly start to spread out (expand) when it hits a target. The hollow point bullet in a rifle can be as small as a pin. When the hollow point is this small, the bullet will go faster and still spread out when it hits a living target. In some hollow point rifle bullets, the front may spread out to two times as wide as the bullet was when it started. It is a good hunting bullet because the energy in the bullet is transferred to the target at a known depth. The jacketed hollow point tends to be accurate and is sturdy.
The plastic tipped bullet is a hollow point bullet. The hollow point is filled with a hard, pointed plastic tip. It is used because it can go further than the JHP and does not curve as much. The plastic tipped bullet also spreads out or breaks into pieces when it hits the target.

A solid copper bullet is a bullet that has no lead core or other elements than copper. This bullet expands into a flower shape when it hits a target, because copper bullets are usually hollow point. The copper bullet contains no lead, so it is also better for the environment. In rifles, it is widely used for hunting and other sports.

A frangible bullet will break into many pieces upon contact with any material harder than itself. This bullet is used for safety while shooting. It has little impact on the environment. It also makes the objects behind the intended target a little safer.

Handguns are mostly used for sport target shooting or self-defense. Police use the pistol because they can easily carry it and have it ready to use.

Pistol bullets have some of the same names as rifle bullets, such as full metal jacket (FMJ) or jacketed hollow point (JHP). For example, there are hollow point pistol bullets that also spread out a lot when they hit a target. However, in a pistol bullet, the hollow point can be much larger. The hollow point causes the pistol bullet to slow down faster due to air resistance. However, a pistol bullet does not have to travel as far as a rifle bullet. The hollow point in a pistol bullet can be almost as wide as the bullet. When a hollow point pistol bullet hits a target, it almost completely flattens itself. A solid copper pistol bullet is usually hollow point, and is mainly used for self-defense and/or target shooting.

A flat nosed bullet is mostly used in handguns, although there are also some rifle bullets called flat nosed. The flat nose on a pistol bullet can be as wide as the bullet. The "flat nose" on a rifle bullet may be much smaller. The flat nosed bullet tends to have a low ballistic coefficient. This means that it slows down faster than pointed bullets. Flat nosed bullets are sometimes used to prevent the explosion of the next cartridge in a magazine when the gun recoils. Flat nosed bullets also spread out quickly when they hit a target. This makes them useful for fighting at close range when the bullet should not hit what is behind the target. After hitting the target, it becomes almost inside out.

A frangible pistol bullet will break apart on contact. It is usually made of a copper jacket over pieces of either round or twisted lead pieces that are glued together. The glue breaks apart when the bullet hits the target. The pieces spread out. This creates a larger surface area. This kind of bullet cannot go deep into a target. It is safer to use when it is important not to hit anything on the other side of the target.


Frankfort, Kentucky

Frankfort is the capital city of the U.S. state of Kentucky. It has been the state capital since December 8, 1792. It is the county seat of Franklin County, and has been since 1795. It's located between Lexington and Louisville, Kentucky.

Frankfort is beside the Kentucky River. This is how the city earned its name, because the land was owned by pioneer Stephen Frank. First called "Frank's Ford", the name was soon shortened to Frankfort.

Within a century the population of Frankfort grew from 9,487 in 1900, to 27,741 in 2000. The population was 28,602 in 2020. The members of the city commission and the mayor are elected by the citizens.


Shah Rukh Khan

Shah Rukh Khan (born 2 November 1965), popularly known as SRK, is an Indian actor and film producer who works in Hindi films. He is also known as the ""Badshah of Bollywood"," "King of Bollywood" and "King Khan". He was born in New Delhi; his grandparents moved there from Afghanistan and Peshawar. He started his career appearing on television in the late 1980s. He is Muslim and studied at a Muslim school. He is married to Gauri Khan, a Hindu, and has three children: Aryan, Suhana and AbRam. He also has a sister named Shehnaz Lalarukh. He has a master's degree. 

He is one of the biggest stars not just in Bollywood, but also around the world. According to Forbes richest list, Shahrukh's net worth in dollars is $770 Million and according to the world of Statistics Shahrukh Khan's net worth is more than Hollywood actor Robert De Niro ($500m), George Clooney ($500M), Jackie Chan ($520M), and Tom Cruise ($620M). He stands out on the 4th number top 100 richest lists. After playing a role in his 1999 superhit movie, Badshah, everyone gave him the title name Badshah. He is also known by another name, King Khan. Shahrukh Khan charges movies more than 50 crores in Indian rupees. He earns 22M dollars annually.


Masashi Tashiro

Masashi Tashiro (田代まさし, born August 31, 1956 in Saga Prefecture) is a former Japanese television performer and member of Japanese musical group Rats & Star. He was brought up in Shinjuku, Tokyo. On December 21, 2001, Tashiro was the first Japanese person chosen by the American magazine "Time" as "Person of the Year".

Tashiro was fired from the entertainment world in 2001 because of scandals. 

New Orleans

New Orleans is a city in the state of Louisiana in the United States. It is the largest city in Louisiana, and the 49th-largest city in the U.S. It is the capital of Orleans Parish. It was named in honour of the French Duke of Orléans (then Regent of France).

The city began as the capital of Louisiana (New France), part of the first French colonial empire at the mouth of the Mississippi River. It became a territory of the United States when President Thomas Jefferson bought the Louisiana Purchase in 1803. It became one of the world's great seaports. All the land is low, originally just a short vertical distance above sea level. In the last three hundred years, the city has sunk slowly into the marshy soil. Large portions of New Orleans are now below sea level. A system of many pumps, dikes, sea walls, and levees were built.

The Battle of New Orleans was fought here in 1815. The capture of New Orleans in 1863 was an important step in the defeat of the Confederacy in the American Civil War

Over half of the grain that is sent by ship to other countries, comes first by barge through the Port of New Orleans. The grains are grown in the farming states bordering the Mississippi River, the Missouri River, and Ohio Rivers. Much of the crude oil that is made into gasoline and diesel fuel is brought to New Orleans for oil refinery and distribution to other parts of the United States by barge or oil pipeline. Also, there are many oil well platforms nearby, in the Gulf of Mexico.

On August 29, 2005, New Orleans was affected by Hurricane Katrina. The special systems built to protect the city failed in several ways. It is estimated that more than three quarters (3/4) of New Orleans was under water in early September 2005. Sewer, phone, electric and fresh water systems failed. Many people drowned. Many homes were completely covered with water. Important records, some from the French period of the 18th century were destroyed.

For years, many people believed that a flood in New Orleans would happen. A very serious flood happened several hundred miles upstream, on the Mississippi delta, when heavy rains fell in 1927. The hardships from that flood led many people to move away. Many moved to Chicago.

After Hurricane Katrina, many people who lived in the flooded city moved to other places in the US. Many people were afraid to move back. Their jobs and homes were gone and their possessions were lost. The people who could move back spread to many other states. Texas received the most flood victims. Many volunteers and charities are helping the flood victims to relocate to new homes and, at the same time, repair homes and services in this city. Several years after Katrina, New Orleans still had much fewer people than it did before the hurricane.

New Orleans has a large African American, Creole and French population. Voodoo, brought by African slaves, is practiced in the city.

New Orleans is known for its French culture, French architecture, Creole and Cajun cuisine such as gumbo and jambalaya, and Mardi Gras.

Mamluk

Mamluks are members of a military caste that controlled Egypt from 1254 to 1811. Other mamluks held power in some other Muslim countries. The word means "slave" in the Arabic language and they began as slaves. In 1517 the Ottoman Empire conquered them, but Mamluks continued to be powerful. Muhammad Ali Pasha defeated them and took control of Egypt in 1811.


Laurent Clerc

Laurent Clerc (born Louis Laurent Marie Clerc December 26, 1785 in Isère - July 18, 1869) co-founded the first school for the deaf (people who cannot hear) in the United States.

Deaf people in America respected Clerc and call him the "Father of the Deaf" because he founded the first school for the deaf in America in Hartford, Connecticut. Clerc and Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet founded that school on April 15, 1817 in an old hotel. The school moved to its present location in 1821 and is now named The American School for the Deaf. The American School for the Deaf is the oldest school for the deaf in the United States.


Ivory

Ivory is a hard yellowsh-white material made from the tusks and teeth of animals such as elephants, hippopotamuses and walruses. Ivory is now very rare and expensive since there are restrictions on hunting elephants for ivory. There are also laws against the trade of ivory. Some countries (including Zimbabwe and South Africa) argue that these laws should be removed or changed, to allow them to sell some ivory. 

Ivory has been used to make piano keys, billiard balls, handles and small ornaments. After ivory was banned, these items were usually made from plastic. Many of the earliest plastics were meant to be substitutes for ivory. Ivory has been used in artworks, such as carvings, since ancient times. 

Ivory color represents quiet and pleasantness. 

Political subdivisions of Brazil

Brazil is subdivided into 26 states and 1 Federal District (the capital city Brasília).






Vice president

A vice president is someone who helps a president conduct his or her duties. A vice president also takes over if a president is not available. In business and in government a vice president (VP) is below a president in rank. Vice is comes from Latin meaning 'in place of'. In British English a vice president in business is called a director. In some countries, a vice president is called a "deputy president".



Triple jump

The triple jump (also known in certain countries as a triple hop, step and jump or hop, skip and jump) is a athletics event. It has been a part of the World Championships since 1995. The event consists of someone running up to a line, jumping and landing on the same foot (a hop), jumping onto the other foot (a skip) and then jumping into a shallow pit of sand. The winner is the person whose final jump lands the farthest from the line they started jumping at. It is a common game played on playgrounds.

Texas hold 'em

Texas hold'em is a popular version of the card game poker.

Before any cards are dealt, two players to the left of the dealer make bets which are called the "Small Blind" and "Big Blind". These forced bets must be at least matched by the other players in order to keep their hands. The big blind is twice as much as the small blind. If the big blind was $1000, then it is said that the blinds are 500 and 1000. This money is put into a place in the center of the table that is called the "pot"

Each player is given two cards face down. These are called the player's "Hole Cards" or what the player has "in the hole". Once all the players have their hole cards, the betting starts. The player to the left of the Big Blind player starts the betting. The lowest amount that can be bet is the amount of the big blind. Players can bet more than the minimum. This is called "Raising". The amount a player can raise is determined by the type of the game being played (see below) If a player raises, the amount he raised the bet to is the new minimum. Each player in turn may either "Call" (pay the current bet amount), Raise, or "Fold" (quit the hand). This action keeps going around the table until each player has called or folded his hand.

After the first turn of betting is over, the dealer lays three cards face up on the table. This is called the "Flop". These three cards are "community cards". This means they are used by every player in the game along with the two hole cards each player has. After the flop, another turn of betting takes place. There is no starting bet in this turn (no blinds) unless a player makes a bet. Players may "Check" or bet nothing if no player before them in the turn has bet. If everyone checks, or if a player bets and all the others call or fold, then the round of betting is over.

Next the dealer lays another community card face up. This card is called "the turn" (or 4th Street). Another series of betting comes after this. This betting is the same as after the Flop.

Finally the dealer lays the last community card known as "the river" (or 5th Street). This card is again followed by a turn of betting, calling and folding by the players.

With the five community cards and their two-hole cards, each player makes the best 5 card poker hand he can. The player with the best poker hand wins the round and the pot. If two or more players have the same hand, those players split the pot evenly. If one person bets and all other players have folded, the hand ends then and that player wins.

Texas Hold'em can be played several ways, including Limit, Pot Limit and No Limit games. The version of the game usually is the maximum a player can raise at any one time.

Limit games have a set amount that a player can raise at any time. If a game has a $10 limit, then a raise must be exactly $10. If more than one person raises, each one can only raise $10 more than the last raise. Typically, there is a "cap" of 3 raises per round. Also, when playing limit, the bet and raise amount will usually double for the turn and river betting rounds.

In a 4 player game, Player A bets $10. Player B raises $10 (puts in $20 total), Player C calls Player B (puts in $20). Player D at this point can either fold, pay $20 (call player B) or raise $10 to a total of $30. Player A would go next and either call (paying the difference between his $10 bet and the current bet). This would continue until all players either call or fold.

In Pot Limit games, the most a player can bet or raise is the total amount in the pot. With each bet or raise, the amount in the pot gets larger. This allows for larger raises.

In Spread Limit games, there is both a minimum and a maximum raise specified. For example, one could play $5–50 spread limit. The big blind would be $5 and the minimum raise would be $5 and the maximum raise would be $50.

In No Limit, there is not a limit of how much can be bet at any time. That is, it is just like Spread Limit, but with no maximum. A player can bet up to all money as he has. If a player bets all of his money, he is said to be "All In". If a player bets more money than another player has, the second player can call by going All In. If only those two players stay in the hand (all other players fold), the first player takes back any money that is over the amount the player going All In has. At this point, all betting stops and the dealer deals out the rest of the cards.

If a player goes All In and two or more players are still betting, the other betters can raise each other until they both call (or one of them also goes All In). A "side pot" is made in this case. It is the difference between the final bet and the first person's All In. Only the two players were not All In can win this pot. If the All In player wins the hand, he wins the main pot (his money plus an equal amount from each other player) and which ever of the other two players had the better hand wins the side pot. In an eight player game, it is possible to have several side pots with several people being All In at the same time. If there are not two player left who can bet, betting stops and all players turn their hands over.
Player A bets $5000. Player B only has $3000. He goes All In. Player C Raises $2000 (puts in a total of $7000). Player A calls (puts in $2000). At this point, the main pot is worth $9000 ($3000 from each player). The side pot is worth $8000 ($7000–3000 from Players A and C)

If player A or C wins, he wins both the main pot and the side pot ($17,000) and Player B is out of the game since he is out of money. If player B wins, he wins the main pot and the side pot goes to which ever player has the best hand between players A and C.

Tournaments are what people often see when poker is shown on television. When a player enters a tournament, he pays an entry fee called the "buy-in." Most of his buy-in is placed with other player's money in the prize pool. Usually, a small portion of the buy-in is kept by the tournament officials for their expenses (and profit). The player is given a table and seat assignment, and a certain number of chips - the same amount as every other player. Unlike normal chips, these tournament chips have no cash value (though they often are referred to with dollar amounts). Players must continue to play until they run out of chips. The tournament continues until one player has accumulated all of the chips. The order in which people lose all their chips (or "bust out"), is their finishing order. That is, the last player to bust out is the second-place finisher. The prize pool is divided amongst a fraction of the top finishers (usually about 10%). The first-place winner usually gets a much larger share, with the prizes diminishing until the prize pool is empty. The player who was the last player to finish without winning any prize is said to have finished "on the bubble."

As players bust out of the tournament, the average player's chip stack gets larger. In order to insure that the blinds do not become insignificant in the face of the growth in chip stacks, tournaments are played in timed "rounds." At the beginning of each round typically the blinds increase. Every few rounds there will be a short break between rounds. For tournaments that last longer than a day, there will be a last level for the day, and the tournament will resume the next day.

Most tournaments only allow a player to buy-in and receive chips once, at the beginning. These are called "freeze out" tournaments. Some tournaments allow players to buy-in more than once for the first few levels of the tournament. These players are said to "re-buy" and the money they use to re-buy goes into the prize pool with the rest of the buy-ins.


Creationism

Creationism is the religious belief that the universe was created in the way described in religious books. According to Genesis, God directly created life from the nothingness that was before, by fixing the chaos that was. Other religions have different creation myths. The first approach is known as creatio ex nihilo, which is the Latin name for "creation from nothing".

The idea that God created the world has been taught for thousands of years by writers such as Augustine of Hippo.

Creationism as it is known today was started in the 19th century by fundamentalist Protestants who were opposed to the theories that scientists began to put forward about geology and evolution.

In the 20th century, creationist movements also started in Islam and Judaism.

Creationists do not believe that all of today's living things came about from simple organisms changing or evolving slowly over time. They believe that life was created much as it is today, and that one form of life cannot change into another. Biologists and paleontologists say that fossils are different from the life we see today, and can be put into order to show changes over time. Young Earth Creationism says life was created in a short time, in its current form. They point to the Flood of Noah to account for most rock formations and most fossils. There is also an Old Earth creationism.

Young Earth Creationism goes completely against conventional geochronology. This kind of creationism says God created the earth roughly 6,000 or 10,000 years ago as told in Genesis. Young Earth Creationists believe that God created the world in six days (with God resting on the seventh) as the Book of Genesis says. Young Earth Creationism says that Noah's flood is important to creationism. They argue that "the first buried fossils of each group are complete and complex (complicated), strong support for the biblical concept (idea) that each kind of life was created well designed to multiply after its own kind." They believe that the Bible is literally true (see Biblical inerrancy). Some people say a problem with this is that fossils appear in layers called strata. Fossils that paleontologists believe evolved earlier are found in rocks that geologists think are older. Fossils that paleontologists believe evolved later are found in different rocks that geologists think are younger. If fossils were of animals drowned in the flood scientists think they would be mixed together. Christian creationists say this happened because of the Noahic Flood, and point to fossils of animals that died quickly. They offer many defenses. Some of these are:


Other creationists believe God created everything between 13,000 and 14,000 million years ago. This is called Old Earth Creationism.

Creationists point to the perfection of Earth's size, shape, and distance as designed by God, and Earth's "im"perfections as proofs that the Earth is dirtied by humans' sin.

The term creationism can be used with more than one meaning. 

Liberal Christians do not believe in Biblical inerrancy and say God used evolution to create mankind and other life. This idea is called theistic evolution.

Islamic creationism is the belief that the universe (including humanity) was directly created by Allah as in the Qur'an. Currently, Islam takes religious texts literally. Many scholars say that Genesis is a corrupted version of God's message. There is also a creation myth in the Qu'ran, but it is more vague than Genesis. This allows for more interpretation. Several liberal movements within Islam generally accept the scientific positions on the age of the earth, the age of the universe and evolution.

Islam also has its own form of Theistic evolution, which says that mainstream scientific analysis of the origin of the universe is supported by the Qur'an. Many liberal Muslims believe in evolutionary creationism.

Khalid Anees, president of the Islamic Society of Britain attended a conference called 'Creationism: Science and Faith in Schools'. During that conference, he made points including the following: There is no contradiction between what is revealed in the Quran and natural selection and survival of the fittest. However, some Muslims, such as Adnan Oktar, do not agree that one species can develop from another. Other Muslims do believe that one species can develop from another.

But there is also a growing movement of Islamic creationism. Like the movement in Christianity, Islamic creationists are concerned that the findings of evolutionary theory might contradict what is written in the Qu'ran.

There are several verses in the Qur'an which some modern writers have interpreted as being compatible with the expansion of the universe, Big Bang and Big Crunch theories:
"Do the disbelievers not realize that the heavens and earth were ˹once˺ one mass then We split them apart? And We created from water every living thing. Will they not then believe?"
"Then He turned towards the heaven when it was ˹still like˺ smoke, saying to it and to the earth, ‘Submit, willingly or unwillingly.’ They both responded, ‘We submit willingly.’"
"We built the universe with ˹great˺ might, and We are certainly expanding ˹it˺."
"On that Day We will roll up the heavens like a scroll of writings. Just as We produced the first creation, ˹so˺ shall We reproduce it. That is a promise binding on Us. We truly uphold ˹Our promises˺!"

The Bahá'í Faith considers the creation narratives in previous Abrahamic religions to be symbolic and not literal. Bahá'í Faith also accepts that the Earth is ancient. Baha'ullah existed at the same time as Charles Darwin, so was aware of Darwin's works.

Religious communities in the United States encourage the inclusion of supernatural explanations of the origins of both life and the universe as a whole. Evolution was not included in school textbooks until the 1960s 
In 1987, the United States Supreme Court acknowledged creationism is not scientific, and should not be taught in public schools.


Flute

The flute is a musical instrument. A person who plays the flute is called a "flautist".

There are many kinds of flutes. The most common concert flute is on C tuning. In addition, there are other flutes like piccolos, alto flutes, and bass flutes.

Flutes have changed over time. Pan flutes were made for many centuries. Later, the "Renaissance flute" came into use. In Baroque music "flute" means recorder, so flutes were called "traverso" in order not to confuse them. A Bavarian flute maker named Boehm reformed flutes largely to enlarge the volume and improve the way of using the chromatic scale. Later improvements created the modern flute.

There is a large repertoire of music for the flute. Baroque composers used them in their orchestras, usually in pairs, and composed concertos, chamber music and solo music for them. This has continued to the present day. Orchestras have at least 2 flutes each, sometimes three or four. Sometimes there is 1 piccolo which plays an octave higher, or an alto flute which plays a fifth lower than the flute.

The flute sounds very bright and cheerful playing high notes. Please listen, for example, to the "Badinerie" from Bach's "Orchestral Suite no 2". It can also sound very thoughtful or sad when playing in its lowest register. A good example is the opening of Debussy's "Prélude à l'après midi d'un faune also flutes Andre a brass instrument and can make a really low pitch.

The flute is a woodwind instrument, but modern flutes are made of metal. It was made of wood a long time ago. It doesn't need lip vibration like brass instruments. Flute players hold it horizontally and make a sound by blowing their breath over the edge of the hole of flute's head. This makes the air vibrate. Flutes need the second most amount of air for an instrument, next to the tuba. Flautists can change the pitch by pushing buttons or changing the direction of the breath. These buttons are called keys. The breath also can change the tone or the volume. Flute has many variations of the sound. The sound of flute is high, so composers often express it as a bird. A flute matches with many instruments such as violin and piano, and is often part of an ensemble.

There are many kinds of flute, so the material also varies. Most flutes are made out of silver. Gold, platinum, wood, and aluminum are also used. The price of flute depends on the material, but there are many different playing situations, so not only expensive flutes are useful.

The oldest kind of side-blown flute was made in India.
In India, a flute called bansuri is used. It has no keys and is often made of bamboo or cane.

In China, a simple flute is used, which has no keys. The Chinese flute sometimes has a thin piece of paper over one hole, which adds a bright raspiness to the sound.

There are other kinds of flute, that are played by blowing into the end, like a recorder. Some of these are tin whistle, flageolet, tabor pipe, and ocarina.

In Japan there is a kind of flute called a "shakuhachi", which is made from the bottom of a bamboo plant. It is blown at the end, but is not like the recorder because it does not have an opening that guides the air across a hole that makes the sound.

In South America, there is a flute called a "quena" that makes its sound the same way as the "shakuhachi".

The Pan pipes are a form of flute with no holes. It has more than one pipe connected together, with the bottom closed. The player blows across the top of one of the pipes to make a note. The pipes are in different sizes, so that each one makes a different note. They are named after Pan, who played this instrument in Greek myth.

There are flutes in many cultures. The flute has been described as "a musical weed which springs up everywhere".
The band Jethro Tull was founded by a flute player (Ian Anderson). It can be heard in many songs. One of them is the hit "Locomotive Breath".


Staind

Staind is an American rock band from Massachusetts, United States. The band was started in 1994. Its first album, "Tormented" was released in 1996. Staind's newest album, "The Illusion of Progress" was released on August 19, 2008. Some of its biggest hits have been "Outside", "It's Been Awhile", and "So Far Away".

In 2013, They announced that they were going on hiatus but were not breaking up.


Ocarina

An ocarina is a kind of flute that is not made out of a tube. Because the ocarina is in a round or box-like shape, its sound is a little different from other flutes.

The ten-hole ocarina was first made by Giuseppe Donati, in Italy, in 1853. Instruments like the ocarina had been made for hundreds of years before that in South America, China, and Africa. In Europe, a form called the gemshorn was made in the 16th century. The gemshorn was made from an animal horn.

In the 19th century, groups of ocarina players, with different sized ocarinas, played classical and folk music. Italian ocarinas became known throughout the world, because of this.

In the United States the ocarina was called the sweet potato, because its shape is like a sweet potato.

In 1928, the Japanese began making ocarinas. They added two small holes to the old kind of ocarinas. Japanese 12-hole ocarinas can play a larger scale than 10-hole ocarinas.

In the 1960s, the English ocarina was invented. It has four finger holes, and may have one or two thumb holes. English ocarinas are made in many shapes.

Clarinet

The clarinet is a woodwind instrument.

The clarinet body is made up of the mouthpiece, barrel, upper joint, pads, keys, ring key, rod, lower joint, and bell. The clarinet has one reed. The reed is made of cane, bamboo or plastic, which varies in thickness. The reed is attached to the mouthpiece with a clamp called a "ligature", which is usually made out of metal. Blowing through the mouthpiece makes the reed vibrate, and therefore makes the noise. The body of the clarinet is a cylindrical tube with holes. The holes are covered by the fingers to make musical notes. There are also buttons pressed by the fingers which allow pads over holes to open or close so all notes of the chromatic scale can be played. The buttons are usually played with the "pinkie" finger. 

One kind of keyed clarinet is called the Albert . Another kind is called the system. The Boehm clarinet is much used by classical orchestras and by jazz musicians. In North America and other Western countries, the most popular clarinet is the clarinet pitched in B flat. This means that if a clarinet player plays a note that is written as a C, it sounds like a B flat on a piano. The B flat clarinet is used in concert, marching, and school bands. Musicians in orchestras also play the A-clarinet (a semitone lower), the sopranino E flat clarinet (a fourth higher) and the Bass_clarinet in B flat (sounding an octave lower). 

A beginner clarinet player usually can play a note within the first minutes of a lesson. Making a sound with the clarinet is easier than making a sound with many other wind instruments. Most instrumental music teachers consider it to be a good instrument for young players as soon as the lower adult teeth have grown. The fingering system is very similar to the flute and the saxophone, so changing from playing the clarinet to one of these instruments is not too difficult after the student is comfortable playing the clarinet and has reached a certain level.

A famous piece that features a clarinet is Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Clarinet Concerto, which has the clarinet playing the melody with the rest of the orchestra playing along. Written in 1791, it is often considered the first great composition for the instrument.


16th century

The 16th century was the century from 1501 to 1600. In this century, many Europeans visited or moved to the newly-found Americas and some also searched for new routes to Asia. There was much change in Europe, such as the Protestant Reformation.

Note: years before or after the 16th century are in "italics".

Lute

The lute is a kind of musical instrument with strings.
The first lutes were brought to Spain by the Moors. Others may have been brought to Europe from Arabic lands. The lute is one of the ancestors of the classical guitar.

A lute has an oval-shaped back, made of strips of wood. It has a flat front, with a neck attached to it. Early lutes had four strings or eight sets of two strings. Beneath these strings, there were strings tied to the neck, where the player pressed down to make the notes. These strings were called frets.

The front part of the body is made of a flat piece of wood, and known as the sound board. It has a beautifully carved hole in the center which is called the rose.

The lute was at first played by strumming or plucking with a pick. Later they were played with the fingers alone.

During the Renaissance, bigger lutes were designed. Most lutes at this time had seven or eight sets of strings. New kinds of lutes were invented. One new kind of lute made in the Renaissance was the theorbo. Another kind was the archlute.

In European classical music the lute was changed into the harpsichord and the mandolin.

Today there are kinds of lute still being played in Greece, Turkey, and in Arabic-speaking countries. The Renaissance lute is also played today, in western countries, as well as a German lute that is played the same way as a guitar.

Independence Day (United States)

In the United States, Independence Day, commonly known as the Fourth of July or the Fourth, is a holiday commemorating the adoption of the Declaration of Independence on July 4, 1776, declaring the independence of the Thirteen Colonies from the United Kingdom of Great Britain. On Independence Day there are many events such as fireworks, parades, barbecues, carnivals, picnics, concerts, baseball games, political speeches and ceremonies, and various other public and private events. These events celebrate the history, government, and traditions of the United States.

Independence Day, the only holiday that celebrates the United States, is a national holiday marked by patriotic displays. Similar to other summer-themed events, Independence Day celebrations often take place outdoors. Independence Day is a federal holiday, so all non-essential federal institutions (like the postal service and federal courts) are closed on that day. Many politicians make it a point on this day to appear at a public event to praise the nation's heritage, laws, history, society, and people.

Families often celebrate Independence Day by having or going to a picnic or barbecue, and take advantage of the day off and in some years, long weekend to gather with relatives and friends. People may also do fun and relaxing hobbies like any other day off such as swimming, fishing, boating, sunbathing, playing sports, or just kicking back and relaxing. Many stores are open on the fourth so people may go shopping. In the evening, people may launch their own fireworks. Decorations (e.g., streamers, balloons, and clothing) are generally colored red, white, and blue, the colors of the American flag. Parades often are in the morning, while fireworks displays occur in the evening at such places as parks, fairgrounds, or town squares.

On the 4th of July Americans do these things:


Microsoft Office

Microsoft Office or Microsoft Office System is a collection of computer programs made by Microsoft. Microsoft Office is a collection of office-related applications. Each application serves a unique purpose and offers a specific service to its users. The programs are created for all users. There are different versions of the software for home users and for business users. Some versions may offer more programs, and some versions cost less than others, but none are for free. The current version is Office 2021, which was released on October 5, 2021.

The versions available are made up of some or all or more of the following programs:



Microsoft Office 365 is a new way of sharing Microsoft Office documents with people from your organization or between your computers, syncing to the cloud. In order to sync to the cloud, you need a Microsoft account. 
Actual versions include:
You can get a free trial of Office for 30 days.


Afrikaans

Afrikaans is a West Germanic language mainly spoken in South Africa and Namibia. It was originally the dialect that developed among the Afrikaner Protestant settlers, the unfree workers, and slaves brought to the Cape area in southwestern South Africa by the Dutch East India Company ( - VOC) between 1652 and 1705. Most of these first settlers were from the Netherlands, though there were also many from Germany, some from France, a few from Scotland, and various other countries. The unfree workers and slaves were Malays, and Malagasy in addition to the native Khoi and Bushmen.

Research by J. A. Heese says that until 1807, 36.8% of the ancestors of the White Afrikaans speaking population were Dutch, 35% were German, 14.6% were French and 7.2% non-white (of African and/or Asian origins). 
Heese's figures are questioned by other researchers, however, and especially the non-white component quoted by Heese is very much in doubt.

A sizeable minority of those who speak Afrikaans as a first language are not white. The dialect became known as "Cape Dutch". Later, Afrikaans was sometimes called "African Dutch" or "Kitchen Dutch". Afrikaans was considered a Dutch dialect until the early 20th century, when it began to be widely known as a different language. The name "Afrikaans" is simply the Dutch word for "African", and the language is the African form of Dutch.


Leonard Bernstein

Leonard Bernstein (August 25, 1918 – October 14, 1990) was an American composer and conductor. He was born Louis Bernstein in Lawrence, Massachusetts to Ukrainian Jewish parents. He is best known for conducting the New York Philharmonic and composing "West Side Story" and "Candide".

Bernstein was gay.

He was a heavy smoker who had emphysema. He died of a heart attack in New York City.

Bernstein stated composers like Aaron Copland, Dimitri Mitropoulos, George Gershwin, Gustav Mahler, Kurt Weill, Sergei Koussevitzky, Randall Thompson, Cole Porter, Jerome Kern and Robert Schumann as influences.


Afrikaans Language Monument

The Afrikaans Language Monument () is the only monument in the world dedicated to a language. It is on a hill overlooking the Teachers' Training College in Paarl, Western Cape Province, South Africa. Completed in 1975, it was built to celebrate the 100 years birthday of Afrikaans being declared as a different language from Dutch.

The monument is made of tapering structures of a convex and concave nature. They show the influences of different languages and cultures on Afrikaans itself. They are also a symbol of political developments in South Africa, as follows:
On a large inscription at the entrance, two quotes from important Afrikaans poets are written.

The phrase ""DIT IS ONS ERNS"" ("we are earnest [about this]", or "this is our earnestness") is inscribed on the pathway leading up to the monument.

DC Comics

DC Comics, Inc. (or simply DC) is an American comic book company and is the publishing unit of DC Entertainment, a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Discovery., which itself is owned by Time Warner. Its first well-known comics were such as "Action Comics", "Detective Comics", "All Star Comics", and "Sensation Comics". They were essential in introducing three well-known superheroes to life: Superman (1938), Batman (1939), and Wonder Woman (1941). DC Comics is one of the largest and oldest American comic book companies, which is best well-known for making "superhero" comic books; with their first comic under the DC banner being published in 1937, and is very famous in the modern art subject Graphics.

The majority of its publications take place within the fictional DC Universe and feature many iconic characters such as Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, the Flash, Green Lantern, Aquaman, Hawkman, Hawkgirl, Green Arrow, Shazam, Martian Manhunter, Starfire, Nightwing, Raven, Cyborg, Black Canary, Doctor Fate, Robin, Beast Boy, Zatanna, Plastic Man, Catwoman, Supergirl, Batgirl, the Joker, and Harley Quinn. The company has published non-DC Universe-related material, including "Watchmen", "V for Vendetta", "Fables" and many titles under their alternative imprint Vertigo and now DC Black Label.

The initials "DC" came from the company's popular series "Detective Comics", which featured Batman's debut and subsequently became part of the company's name. DC had its headquarters at 1700 Broadway, Midtown Manhattan, New York City, but DC Entertainment relocated its headquarters to Burbank, California in April 2015.

Its top rival is Marvel Comics (the publications of Spider-Man and Hulk) which was acquired in 2009 by The Walt Disney Company, WarnerMedia's main competitor, they shared approximately 70% of the American comic book market in 2017, though this number may give a distorted view since graphic novels are excluded. With the sales of all books included, DC is the second biggest publisher, after Viz Media, and Marvel is third. 

DC Comics has adapted its characters to different forms of media, including action figures, movies, television series, and video games, which have made them even more popular.

The corporation is an amalgamation of several companies. National Allied Publications was founded by Major Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson in 1934 to publish "" #1 (Feb. 1935), later known as "More Fun". The first American comic book with solely original material rather than comic strip reprints, it was a tabloid-sized, 10-inch by 15-inch, 36-page magazine with a card-stock, non-glossy cover. Issue #6 (Oct. 1935) brought the comic-book debut of Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, the future creators of Superman, who began their careers with the musketeer swashbuckler "Henri Duval" and, under the pseudonyms "Leger and Reuths", the supernatural-crimefighter adventure "Doctor Occult".

Wheeler-Nicholson added a second magazine, "New Comics", which premiered with a Dec. 1935 cover date and at close to what would become the standard size of Golden Age comic books, with slightly larger dimensions than today's. That title evolved into "Adventure Comics", which continued through issue #503 in 1983, becoming one of the longest-running comic-book series.

His third and final title was "Detective Comics", advertised with a cover illustration dated Dec. 1936, but eventually premiered three months late, with a March 1937 cover date. The themed anthology series would become a sensation with the introduction of Batman in issue #27 (May 1939). By then, however, Wheeler-Nicholson was gone. In 1937, in debt to the printing-plant owner and magazine distributor Harry Donenfeld — who was as well a pulp magazine publisher and a principal in the magazine distributorship Independent News — Wheeler-Nicholson was compelled to take Donenfeld on as a partner to publish "Detective" #1. Detective Comics, Inc. was formed, with Wheeler-Nicholson and Jack S. Liebowitz, Donenfeld's accountant, listed as owners. The major remained for a year, but cash-flow problems continued, and he was forced out.

Shortly afterward came the launch of what would have been his fourth title, National Allied Publications' "Action Comics", the premiere of which introduced Superman (a character with which Wheeler-Nicholson was not directly involved; editor Vin Sullivan chose to run the feature after Sheldon Mayer rescued it from the slush pile).

National Allied Publications and Detective Comics, Inc., soon merged to form National Comics, which in 1944 absorbed an affiliated concern, Max (Charlie) Gaines' and Liebowitz's All-American Publications. Liebowitz then consolidated National Comics, Independent News, and related firms into National Periodical Publications, the direct precursor of DC. Later that decade, Gaines was bought out and left to form Educational Comics, Inc., better known as EC. National Periodical Publications became publicly traded on the stock market in 1961.

Despite the official names National Comics and National Periodical Publications, the logo "Superman-DC" was used throughout the line, and the company was known colloquially as DC Comics for years before the official adoption of that name.

Wheeler-Nicholson's company pioneered the American comic book, publishing the first such periodical consisting solely of original material rather than reprints of newspaper comic strips, starting with "Fun: The Big Comic Magazine" #1 (Feb. 1935), called "New Fun" after the first issue. The evolving company was also the first to feature superheroes, beginning with "Action Comics" #1 in 1938. When the sales of the title proved unexpectedly strong and market research confirmed that the character, Superman, was the major reason, a period called the Golden Age of comic books began. In reaction, the company introduced such other popular characters as Batman, and Wonder Woman, and the first superhero team, the Justice Society of America.

In light of this spectacular success, the company began to aggressively move against imitators for copyright violations by other companies. Among these was Fox Publications, whose character Wonderman was purposefully created as a blatant copy of Superman. This extended to the company suing Fawcett Comics for their top-selling character, Captain Marvel, for copying Superman, even though the parallels were more tenuous. This started a years-long court battle that ended in 1955 when Fawcett capitulated and largely ceased publication of their comics.

When the superhero genre faded in the late 1940s, the company focused on other genres, such as science fiction, Westerns, humor, and romance. They largely avoided the crime and horror trends of the time, thus avoiding the backlash against crime and horror comics in the 1950s. A handful of the most popular superhero titles (most notably "Action Comics" and "Detective Comics", the medium's two longest-running titles) continued publication.

In the mid-1950s, editorial director Irwin Donenfeld and publisher Liebowitz decided that, even though they weren't publishing superheroes much anymore, the trademarks needed to be maintained. They directed editor Julius Schwartz to come up with a new Flash story to be printed as a one-shot in issue #4 (Oct. 1956) of the experimental title "Showcase". Instead of reviving the old character, Schwartz had writers Gardner Fox and Robert Kanigher, penciler Carmine Infantino, and inker Joe Kubert update and modernize the concept. The Flash's civilian identity, costume, and origin were all changed for a modern audience. Much to the publishers' surprise the issue sold, and more stories were scheduled. The new treatment proved popular enough that it soon led to the similar revamping of Green Lantern, and the introduction of an updating of the Justice Society of America superhero team as the modern all-star team Justice League of America. "Showcase" #4 heralded what is commonly referred to as the Silver Age of comic books.

National's other characters, who had not been canceled, were similarly spruced up. Mort Weisinger oversaw the "Superman" family of titles and introduced many new characters, such as Supergirl, Bizarro and Brainiac that established many of the elements that still influence the feature to this day. Jack Schiff was somewhat less successful with Batman, introducing Batwoman, Bat-Girl, and Bat-Mite, and attempting to modernize the strip with science fiction elements. Eventually, the book was given to Julius Schwartz who brought in a new look and an emphasis on Batman as a detective. Meanwhile, editor Robert Kanigher successfully reimagined Wonder Woman as a title aimed at young girls, featuring a whole family of Wonder Woman characters having fantastic adventures in a mythological context.

The Batman TV show sparked a tremendous increase in comic sales, but afterward, sales began to decline. In 1967, Batman artist Carmine Infantino became the company's editorial director. Faced with declining sales, in part because of the growing popularity of Marvel Comics, he attempted to remedy the situation with an infusion of new titles and characters and recruited major talents such as Steve Ditko and promising newcomers such as Neal Adams. DC Comics went from being writer driven to artist driven as all new editors hired were artists: Joe Kubert, Dick Giordano, Mike Sekowsky, and Jack Kirby.

The new editors tried to capture the youth market by only using writers under the age of thirty. Yet while the new employees strove for sophisticated storytelling and characters, they had little experience in the industry, and their work's relative lack of professionalism hampered their efforts. Some new talent, however, such as Dennis O'Neil, who worked on "Green Lantern" and "Batman", became industry lights. Nevertheless, the period was plagued by short-lived series that started strong but petered out rapidly. The new comics, aimed specifically at the fan market, failed to sell. One theory as to the cause of this is that local comic distributors, who did not want to handle the low-profit items anyway, were simply giving the books to speculators who were stockpiling them for the back issue market. Thus, the more popular a book, the lower its sales. In addition, the talent involved often tended to leave established titles after a few issues considering they had little incentive to stay with their creations since they were largely paid per page regardless of the sales performance of their books.

In 1970, Jack Kirby defected from Marvel to create his most artistically ambitious creation, The Fourth World titles, in which he attempted to create an original sophisticated sub-imprint that could appeal to a loyal fan audience. However, sales did not meet management's expectations, and as they had little faith in the concept, the venture was prematurely canceled, although the characters and concepts would become integral to the DC Multiverse. Kirby went on to create the successful series "Kamandi", when he was directed by the publisher to come up with something resembling "Planet of the Apes".

In addition, Captain Marvel was also revived in the 1970s as an initially licensed property under the title, "Shazam!". However, the property could not recapture its old popularity, although a Saturday morning live action television adaptation was popular and the character would largely retain a noted place in the DC Universe to this day.

Kinney National Company, a company that provided parking and cleaning services, acquired National in 1967 and film studio Warner Bros.-Seven Arts in 1969. Kinney then spun off its non-entertainment assets in 1972 and renamed itself Warner Communications, putting National under Warner's leadership. The new corporate management replaced Infantino with Jenette Kahn, a former children's magazine publisher, in January 1976. National was renamed DC Comics, Inc. in 1977.

During this time, DC attempted to compete with Marvel by dramatically increasing its output, a move the company called the "DC Explosion". This included a series featuring new characters, such as "Firestorm" and "Shade, the Changing Man", and several non-superhero titles. Afterward, however, Warner pulled the plug and dramatically cut back on titles, firing many staffers in what industry watchers dubbed "the DC Implosion".

Seeking new ways to boost market share, the new management of publisher Kahn, vice-president Paul Levitz, and managing editor Dick Giordano addressed the issue of talent instability. To that end — and following the example of Atlas/Seaboard Comics and such independent companies as Eclipse Comics — DC began to offer royalties. In addition, the company created the publishing concept of the limited series that allowed flexible arrangements for storylines that could be successful without the pressure of immediately following them up on an indefinite basis.

These policy changes immediately paid off with the success of "The New Teen Titans" by writer Marv Wolfman and artist George Pérez, two popular talents with a history of success. Their superhero team comic, which emulated the character-based ensemble series structure of Marvel's "X-Men" in its way, earned significant sales in part due to the stability of the team, who kept with the title for years. In addition, the team took advantage of the limited-series option to create a spin-off title, "Tales of the New Teen Titans", to present the origins of their original characters without having to break the narrative flow of their main series or obliging them to double their workload with another ongoing title.

This successful revitalization of a minor title led the editorship to look at doing the same to their entire line of comics. The result was the limited series "Crisis on Infinite Earths", which allowed the company to dismiss some of the "baggage" of its history, and revise major characters such as Superman and Wonder Woman. Yet DC did not abandon its history completely. In 1989, they began publication of the DC Archive Editions, a series created to collect their early, rare issues into a permanent hardback format.

Meanwhile, British writer Alan Moore had re-energized the minor horror series "Swamp Thing/Saga of the Swamp Thing", and his highly acclaimed work sparked a comic book equivalent of rock's British Invasion, in which numerous British talents, including Neil Gaiman and Grant Morrison, came to work for the company. The resulting influx of sophisticated horror and dark fantasy material led not only to DC abandoning the Comics Code for particular titles by those talents, but also to the later establishment in 1993 of the Vertigo imprint for mature readers.

Acclaimed limited series such as "" by Frank Miller and Alan Moore's "Watchmen," also drew attention to changes at DC. This new creative freedom and the attendant publicity allowed DC to seriously challenge the dominance of Marvel.

The late 1980s also saw the dying out of many successful DC war genre titles, including venerable series that had been in print since the 1960s. These titles, all with over 100 issues and none of which survived past 1985, included "Sgt. Rock", "G.I. Combat", "The Unknown Soldier", and "Weird War Tales".

The comics industry experienced a brief boom in the early 1990s, thanks to a combination of speculative purchasing of books as collectibles and several storylines that gained attention from the mainstream media. DC's extended storylines in which Superman was killed and Batman was crippled, resulted in dramatically increased sales, but the increases were as temporary as the substitutes, and sales dropped off as industry sales went into a major slump.

DC's Piranha Press and other imprints in the 1990s were introduced to facilitate diversification and specialized marketing of its product line. They increased the use of nontraditional contractual arrangements, including creator-owned work and licensing material from other companies. They also increased the publication of trade paperbacks, including both collections of serial comics and original graphic novels.

The Vertigo line was aimed at an older and more literary audience, largely free of the "kid stuff" stigma its main superhero line still held. DC entered into a publishing agreement with Milestone Media, which gave the company a line of comics featuring a more culturally and racially diverse range of superhero characters. Although the Milestone Line ceased publication, it yielded the popular animated series "Static Shock". Paradox Press was established to publish material that would be considered "mainstream" in the book trade - including the large-format "Big Book of..." series, and crime fiction such as "Road to Perdition" - but paradoxically remained a niche in the comics industry. DC purchased Wildstorm Comics from Jim Lee and maintained it as a separate imprint with its style and audience. Likewise, they added the Wildstorm imprint America's Best Comics, created by Alan Moore, including the titles "Tom Strong" and "Promethea".

In March 2003, DC acquired publishing and merchandising rights to the long-running fantasy series "Elfquest", previously self-published by creators Wendy and Richard Pini under the WaRP Graphics banner. The following year, DC established the CMX imprint to reprint translated manga and temporarily acquired the North American publishing rights to graphic novels from European publishers 2000 AD and Humanoids. It also rebranded its younger-audience titles with the mascot Jonni DC.

Starting in 2004, DC began laying the groundwork for a "sequel" to "Crisis on Infinite Earths", promising substantial changes to the DCU. In 2005, the company published several limited series establishing increasing conflicts between the heroes of the DCU, with events climaxing in the limited series "Infinite Crisis". Afterward, DC's ongoing series jumped one year forward in their story continuity, with DC publishing a weekly series, "52", that would gradually fill in the gap.

Also in 2005, DC launched an "All-Star" line, featuring some of DC's best-known characters and existing in an alternate universe without the long and convoluted continuity of the DCU. "All-Star Batman & Robin the Boy Wonder" launched in July 2005 (one month after the release of DC's highly successful cinematic rebirth with "Batman Begins"), with "All-Star Superman" beginning in November 2005. "All-Star Wonder Woman" and "All-Star Batgirl" were announced in 2006, with the release of "Superman Returns" in movie theaters, but neither has been released or scheduled as of the end of 2009. Adam Hughes, who was initially announced as the writer/artist on All-Star Wonder Woman in 2006, explained at the 2010 San Diego Comic-Con International that that project was "in the freezer" for the time being, due to the difficulty involved in both writing and illustrating himself.

Over the years, DC Comics' parent company Warner Brothers (with a few exceptions) has produced a variety of live-action and animated feature movies, television series, direct-to-video releases, television movies, action figures, documentary movies, and video games based on its characters which have made them even more popular.
DC's first logo appeared on the March 1940 issues of their titles. The letters "DC" stood for Detective Comics, the name the company used at the time. The logo was small and did not have a background. It simply said, "A DC Publication".

The November 1941 DC titles introduced an updated DC logo. This version was almost twice the size of the first one and also was the first version with a white background. The name of Superman was added to "A DC Publication", effectively acknowledging both Superman (star of "Action Comics") and Batman (star of "Detective Comics"). This logo was also the first version to occupy the top left corner of the cover, where the logo has usually resided ever since. The company referred to itself in its advertising as "Superman-DC".

In November 1949, the logo was modified, incorporating the company's current name (National Comics Publications) into the logo. This logo would also serve as the round body of Johnny DC, DC's mascot in the 1960s.

In October 1970, the circular logo was briefly retired in favor of a simple "DC" in a rectangle with the name of the title, or the star of the book (i.e. many issues of "Action Comics" said "DC Superman"). An image of the lead character either appeared above or below the rectangle. For books that did not have a single star, such as "House of Mystery" or "Justice League of America", the title and "DC" appeared in a stylized logo, such as a bat for "House of Mystery". This use of characters as logos helped to establish the likenesses as trademarks and was similar to Marvel's contemporaneous use of characters as part of their cover branding.

DC's "100 Page Super-Spectacular" titles and later 100-page and "Giant" issues published from 1972 to 1974 featured a logo that was exclusive to these editions, the letters "DC" in a simple sans serif typeface, in a circle. (A variant had the letters in a square.)

The July 1972 DC titles featured a new circular logo. The letters "DC" were rendered in a block-like typeface that would remain through later logo revisions until 2005. The title of the book usually appeared inside the circle, either above or below the letters.

In December 1973, the logo was modified, by surrounding the letters "DC" with the words "The Line of Super-Stars" and the star motif that would continue in later logos. This logo was placed in the top center of the cover from August 1975 to October 1976.

When Jenette Kahn became DC's publisher in late 1976, she commissioned graphic designer Milton Glaser to design a new logo. Popularly referred to as the "DC bullet", the logo first appeared on the February 1977 DC titles. Although it varied in size and color and was at times cropped by the edges of the cover, or briefly rotated 45 degrees, it remained essentially unchanged for nearly three decades.

In July 1987, DC released variant editions of "Justice League" #3 and "The Fury of Firestorm" #61 with a new DC logo. It featured a picture of Superman in a circle surrounded by the words "SUPERMAN COMICS." These variant covers were released to newsstands in certain markets as a marketing test to see if using Superman would boost sales.

On May 8, 2005, a new logo was unveiled, debuting on DC titles starting in June 2005 with "DC Special: The Return of Donna Troy" #1 and the rest of the titles the following week. In addition to comics, it was designed for DC properties in other media, such as "Batman Begins", "Smallville", "Justice League Unlimited", collectibles, and other merchandise. The logo, which some have dubbed the "DC spin", was designed by Josh Beatman of Brainchild Studios.

A new logo was introduced in 2012, shortly after the start of the publication of The New 52. This logo was dubbed the "DC Peel", as its design features the letter "D" overlapping the letter "C", but seemingly peeling off downwards. The letter was usually blue and the "C" was often switched between black and white, for better contrast. The logo was often used along with the ""DC Comics "" slogan on the bottom.

As part of the DC Rebirth effort, DC created a new logo in partnership with design company Pentagram. The minimalist approach of the new logo was inspired by the DC Logo used in the 70's, to keep the consistency of the "DC Rebirth" titles and their effort to retain some of the company's legacy.



Wonder Woman

Wonder Woman is a superhero who appears in comic books published by DC Comics. She is one of the first female superheroes in American comic books, and the most famous female superhero in the world. William Moulton Marston, a psychologist who believed that women could be as strong and powerful as men, created Wonder Woman. She was partly inspired by his wife, Elizabeth Holloway-Marston. Wonder Woman first appeared in "All-Star Comics # 8", published in December 1941. Her first solo comic book, "Wonder Woman # 1", was published in the summer of 1942.

In the comic book, Wonder Woman's real name is Diana. She is the daughter of Queen Hippolyta. Hippolyta is the ruler of the Amazons, a race of peace-loving women who lived on an island named Themyscira (also referred to as Paradise Island). During World War II, Steve Trevor, a US Air Force pilot, crash-lands on Paradise Island. Diana and the Amazons tend to his wounds and help him recover. Diana decides that she will bring him back to the United States. When she gets there, she becomes the superhero that the world calls "Wonder Woman". Her best-known powers are superhuman strength, speed, and reflexes, as well as flight. She has a magic lasso that forces those bound by it to tell the truth, and unbreakable gauntlets that can deflect bullets.

Among her villains, the best known are:

Wonder Woman also appeared in animated cartoons and a live-action television program in the 1970s with actress Lynda Carter. The series made the character very famous.

In January 2001, producer Joel Silver asked Todd Alcott to write a "Wonder Woman" screenplay. Early rumours listed actresses such as Mariah Carey, Sandra Bullock, and Catherine Zeta-Jones to play the role of Wonder Woman. Leonard Goldberg, speaking in a May 2001 interview, named Sandra Bullock as a strong candidate for the project. Bullock said that she was asked to play the role. Lucy Lawless and Chyna were both interested in it. Many writers wrote different versions of the screenplay. By August 2003, Levens was replaced by screenwriter Laeta Kalogridis.

In March 2005, Warner Bros. said that Joss Whedon would write and direct the movie version of "Wonder Woman." Whedon was directing "Serenity" at the time. He needed time to learn Wonder Woman's background. So he did not start writing until late 2005. Silver wanted to film "Wonder Woman" in Australia once the script was finished. In May 2005, Whedon said that he would not cast Wonder Woman until he finished the script. Charisma Carpenter and Morena Baccarin said they were interested in the role.

In February 2007, Whedon left the project. He said he could not agree with the studio about the script. Whedon said that since he was not doing the "Wonder Woman" project, he would focus on making his movie "Goners".

Gal Gadot played Wonder Woman in the 2016 action movie "". She played the lead role in the 2017 superhero film "Wonder Woman". She played the role again in "Justice League" (2017), "Wonder Woman 1984" (2020), and "Zack Snyder's Justice League" (2021).

On October 21, 2016, the United Nations named Wonder Woman a UN Honorary Ambassador for the Empowerment of Women and Girls. Many people did not like this, because they thought she was an "overtly sexualized image". They wanted the UN to use a real woman instead. Over 45,000 people signed a petition to remove her from the role. The character was dropped from the role two months later.

Bob Saget

Robert Lane "Bob" Saget (May 17, 1956 – January 9, 2022) was an American comedian and actor. He was best known for his appearances on television as Danny Tanner on "Full House" and the original host of "America's Funniest Home Videos". He was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2014 for a comedy album that he made.

Robert Lane Saget was born on May 17, 1956, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Dolly and Benjamin Saget. He attended Abington Senior High School in Abington Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, before attending Temple University.
Saget married Sherri Kramer on May 16, 1982, and had three children with Kramer: Aubrey, Lara, and Jennifer. The pair divorced on November 10, 1997. He married Kelly Rizzo on October 30, 2018.

On January 9, 2022, Saget was found dead at his hotel room in Orange County, Florida near Orlando at the age of 65. The cause of death was a subdural hematoma and a subarachnoid hemorrhage caused by head trauma after falling and hitting the back of his head.

Wilmington

Wilmington is the name of many places:




Phil Collins

Philip David Charles "Phil" Collins (born 30 January 1951) is a British drummer, songwriter, actor and singer. He was born in Chiswick, Hounslow, Middlesex. He was the drummer and singer of the band Genesis. He is very well known for his career away from the band, as a solo artist. His most well known album is "No Jacket Required", which has sold over ten million copies in the United States. One of his most well known songs is "In the Air Tonight", which had a long running false rumour that it was about a drowning that Collins had witnessed. Collins starred in the movie "Buster" (1988). His daughter Lily Collins is a famous actress.

Collins won the Academy Award for Best Original Song and the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song for "You'll Be in My Heart" for the 1999 movie "Tarzan".


Collins suffered an injury in 2009. The surgery to correct the injury to his neck went wrong. Due to this, he has not been able to play drums. He has to use a cane while walking. He has to be seated in a chair when performing on stage.


Badfinger

Badfinger was a British rock group. They were first called The Iveys, but renamed themselves after a song title, "Badfinger Boogie", the original title of "With a Little Help From My Friends". The band's members were Peter Ham, Tom Evans, Mike Gibbins and Joey Molland. Badfinger recorded for Apple Records, which was a record label started by The Beatles, Warner Brothers, Elektra Records, and Radio Records.

Their first hit record was "Come And Get It", which was written by Paul McCartney. It appeared in a movie, "The Magic Christian". The band followed McCartney's demo closely to make the record. The finished record sounded like a Beatles song. Later they made records that sounded different, and showed the band's own style. Todd Rundgren was the producer of some of their recordings.

Badfinger's other hit records included "No Matter What", "Day After Day", and "Baby Blue". Later they left Apple Records and recorded for Warner Bros. Ham and Evans were the band's main songwriters. One of their songs, "Without You", was recorded by the band, but was not a hit. A later cover version by singer Harry Nilsson became an international hit, and was the first of many such versions. Many recording artists have sung "Without You", including Mariah Carey.

In 1970 Badfinger made an agreement with an American businessman called Stan Polley who promised to help them earn more money. But instead of helping them, Polley kept their money "away" from them in an account and refused to tell them how to get it out. He also behaved dishonestly toward Warner Bros. Because of his dishonesty, the band's sixth album was removed from shops after being available for only seven weeks, and Warner Bros. refused to release their seventh album. As a result, the band did not earn any money for their hard work, which made Pete Ham feel very depressed. Feeling that he could not be a good husband or father without any money, Ham committed suicide by hanging himself in 1975.

Evans and Molland decided they still wanted to work together. Mike Gibbins, the drummer, wanted to as well, but could not. They found two more musicians to take the place of Ham and Gibbins, and recorded a new album called "Airwaves". They had only one very small hit, but continued to tour. They released another record called "Say No More". This record had cover art by artist Peter Max.

Tom Evans had problems like Ham's, and killed himself (eight years after Ham) in the same way.

United Nations Security Council

The United Nations Security Council (UNSC) is one of six main parts of the United Nations. The Security Council deals with maintaining peace and security between nations. 

There are 15 members of the UNSC but only five are permanent members. They are:

The ten temporary seats are held for two years with member states (countries) voted in by the United Nations General Assembly on a regional basis. The Presidency of the Security Council (i.e. the leadership) is rotated alphabetically each month. Currently, the members are:
If a country has behaved in a way seen as bad, the member countries of UNSC can make a ruling, known as a United Nations Security Council Resolution. All five of the permanent member countries must either agree to this ruling or at least not vote against it; if any of them do, it is said to have been "vetoed" and does not come into effect. This Resolution may call for UN members to take certain actions to punish the country, called "sanctions". 

An example is that the UNSC had long banned all imports of nuclear fuel to Iran as they felt Iran was going to make nuclear weapons. These sanctions resulted in rules which made it much harder for Iran to do business with people in the rest of the world. These actions made life harder in Iran, both for its government and regular people as well. Most people think that is why Iran was willing to promise to change how it used nuclear material in order to end these rules. The Permanent Members of the Security Council worked together in ending this problem; Germany has also conferenced with the permanent UN Security Council members about this issue. 

The United Nations Security Council (UNSC) is the most powerful part of the United Nations. The Security Council deals with maintaining peace and security between nations. For members of the UN to engage in war or major military activity against another country or a large armed group outside of their own country they are supposed to have the agreement of the Security Council to do so but recent history shows that this rule is often not closely followed by everyone. All members of the UN retain the right to "self-defense"; they can engage in actions to defend their people and land whenever this becomes necessary but are then expected to refer the matter to the Security Council as soon as they can.


High jump

The high jump is a track and field athletics event. Without the aid of any devices, athletes jump over a horizontal bar placed at measured heights. The high jump was first practised in England in the 19th century. It became an Olympic sport in 1896 for men and in 1928 for women. The rules that were made in 1865 still exist today. Thus, every athlete has three attempts on every height. The athletes are allowed to touch the bar but they must not knock it down.

The women's world record of 2.09 metres is held by Stefka Kostadinova. It was set in 1987. There is a technique called the Fosbury flop and scissor kick.


Manhattan

Manhattan is one of the five boroughs that make up New York City, and is the center of the New York metropolitan area. It is also located over the same area as a county of New York state called New York County. Although it is the smallest borough, it is the most densely populated borough. Most of the borough of Manhattan is on Manhattan Island, but the Marble Hill neighborhood is part of the mainland United States (by way of the Bronx). Several smaller islands, including Roosevelt Island, are also part of Manhattan.

The Dutch bought it from the Native Americans and called it New Amsterdam, then the English took it over and changed the name to New York. The name "Manhattan" comes from the Munsi language of the Lenni Lenape meaning "island of many hills". Other theories say that it comes from one of three Munsi words. "Manahactanienk" meaning "place of inebriation". Other possibilities are "manahatouh" meaning "a place where wood is available for making bows and arrows" and "menatay" meaning simply "the island." 

Manhattan is an important commercial, financial, and cultural center of both the United States and the world. Most major radio, television, and telecommunications companies in the United States are based there, as well as many news, magazine, book, and other media publishers. Manhattan has many famous landmarks, tourist attractions, museums, and universities. It also has the headquarters of the United Nations.

Before colonization, the Lenape Indians lived in the area that is now called Manhattan. In 1524, Lenape people in canoes met Giovanni da Verrazzano, the first European explorer to pass New York Harbor, although he may not have entered the harbor past the Narrows. Henry Hudson, an Englishman who worked for the Dutch East India Company, made the first map of the area.

In the 1620s, the first large European colony was started in New Netherland, when the Dutch began trading fur on Governors Island. In 1625, the Dutch chose Manhattan Island to build Fort Amsterdam, a citadel for the protection of the new arrivals. It would later be called New Amsterdam (Dutch: "Nieuw Amsterdam"). The creation of New Amsterdam was recognized as the birth of New York City.

On May 24, 1626, Manhattan was bought from the Native Americans living on the island. The price was trading goods worth 60 guilders, which was worth about 24 dollars at the time. The currency calculations from the International Institute of Social History in Amsterdam say that 60 guilders in the 1620s cost around $1000 now.

In 1647, Peter Stuyvesant became the last Dutch Director General of the colony. New Amsterdam was considered an official city on 3 February 1653. In 1664, the British conquered New Netherland and renamed it "New York" after the English King James II, then known as Duke of York and Albany. Stuyvesant and his council made a deal with the British where New Netherlanders were promised liberties, including freedom of religion, under British rule. In August 1673, the Dutch took control of the island again, calling the city "New Orange" (Dutch: "Nieuwe Oranje"). The Dutch lost control of New Netherland forever to the English in November 1674 by treaty.

Manhattan was the center of many campaigns, battles and meetings during the American Revolution. In 1765, all of the colonies worked together for a unified political aim when the Stamp Act Congress (meeting) of representatives from across the Thirteen Colonies was held in New York City to write The Declaration of Rights and Grievances.

The Sons of Liberty, a Boston based group, were part of a long-term battle with British authorities over liberty poles that were sometimes raised by the Sons of Liberty and cut down by the British. The disputes ended when the revolutionary New York Provincial Congress took power in 1775.

Manhattan was the center of a series of large battles in the early American Revolutionary War. These battles were called the New York Campaign, where British forces and colonists fought for control of New York City and the state of New Jersey. The rebel Continental Army, led by George Washington, had to leave Manhattan after losing the Battle of Fort Washington on 16 November 1776. Shortly after, Manhattan was greatly damaged by the Great Fire of New York in 1776.

Victory gave the British control of the area. They used the city as the center for political and military activities for the rest of the war. Loyalists from elsewhere came to the city as refugees from the Rebels and to join the war.

Years later, Washington came back to Manhattan with his army. On Evacuation Day, the last British occupation forces left the city on 25 November 1783. On 30 April, 1789, Washington was inaugurated (officially became) the first president of the United States and took his oath of office at Federal Hall on Wall Street.

In the early 19th century, Manhattan grew in population and economically. Another great fire in 1835 destroyed much of the city but it was soon rebuilt. Because of the Great Irish Famine, a lot of Irish people emigrated (left their country) to live in New York; they made up for 25% of Manhattan's population at the time. Many of the Irish people lived in a part of the Lower East Side known as the Bowery or in another section called Five Points.

After the Civil War, many immigrants of Italian, Polish and Jewish backgrounds came to Manhattan and lived in tenements in a part of the city called the Lower East Side. Over a million people lived in the area at one point.

An Irish political machine called Tammany Hall was very important to New York City during the Gilded Age. With the support of mostly Irish immigrants, it grew as a political machine. The support helped win the election for the first Tammany mayor, Fernando Wood, in 1854. Central Park, which opened to the public in 1858, became the first landscaped park in any American city and the country's first public park.

The rate of immigration from Europe shot up after the Civil War, and New York became the most popular state for immigrants in the United States. Because of this, the French built and gave New York the Statue of Liberty on October 28, 1886. Soon after, the boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn were combined into one city.

In the beginning of the 20th century, many new things were built in the city, like skyscrapers and the New York City Subway. The first subway transit center, the Interborough Rapid Transit or "IRT", opened to the public in 1904. The installation of the Subway helped tie the new city together, as did new bridges to Brooklyn. In the 1920s, many African-Americans came to live in Manhattan during the Great Migration from the American South, and the Harlem Renaissance. New York City became the most populous city (city with the most people) in the world in 1925, overtaking London, which had held the title for a century.

Between World War I and World War II, reformist Fiorello La Guardia was elected as the new mayor in 1933 and took office in 1934, marking the fall of Tammany Hall after 80 years of dominating politics in New York City. Once the city's demographics were steadier, labor unionization provided protection and affluence to the working class. Despite the Great Depression, some of the world's tallest skyscrapers of the time were built in Manhattan during the 1930s, including many Art Deco masterpieces that are still part of the city's skyline today. The most well-known structures are Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, and the GE Building.

Following the end of World War II, a lot of veterans came home to the United States. This led to the development of private communities that were intended to be sold or rented out to returning soldiers, resulting in an economic boom. An example of one of the communities built to attract veterans looking for homes is Stuyvesant Town—Peter Cooper Village, which opened in 1947. In 1951, the United Nations relocated from its first headquarters in Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.

Population and industry began to decline in the 1960s. The Stonewall riots were a series of violent demonstrations by members of the gay community. By the 1970s, the city had gained a reputation as a graffiti-covered, crime-ridden relic of history. In 1975, the city government went bankrupt (ran out of money), and its pleas for financial help were rejected at first. On 30 October 1975, the New York Daily News reported the event with the headline as "Ford to City: Drop Dead". The city received a federal loan and debt restructuring. After the economic downfall and recovery, New York State kept a close watch on New York City's economy.

In the 1980s, Wall Street was revived from its slump, and the city reclaimed its role at the center of the worldwide financial industry. During this time, Manhattan was also at the heart of the AIDS crisis, with Greenwich Village being a major center of the epidemic. "Gay Men's Health Crisis" (GMHC) and "AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power" (ACT UP) were organizations that were started because of the crisis Their purpose was to advocate on behalf of those AIDs victims.

Crime rates began to drop greatly in the 1990s. Murder rates were 537 in 2008 compared to 2,245 in 1990. The crack epidemic and its associated drug-related violence had died down, and was under great control by the city. Many people who had moved out of the city came back because the city once again became the destination of immigrants from around the world, joining with low interest rates and Wall Street bonuses to fuel the growth of the real estate market.

The Bronx

The Bronx is the northern part of New York City, United States. It is the only borough of New York City not on an island. The name came from Bronck's Farms, owned by a settler called Jonas Bronck. The Bronx was once the southern part of Westchester County, but is now one of the five boroughs of New York City as well as a county in New York State called Bronx County. The Bronx River flows south out of Yonkers and Mount Vernon, New York, through the middle of The Bronx, and into Long Island Sound.

Two places to visit in The Bronx are the Bronx Zoo and the Yankee Stadium, where the New York Yankees baseball team plays.



Bob Denver

Bob Denver (January 9, 1935 – September 2, 2005) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles as Gilligan on the 1960s television series "Gilligan's Island" and Maynard G. Krebs on the earlier "Many Loves of Dobie Gillis". He appeared on many other shows including "The Good Guys", "Dusty's Trail", and "Far-Out Space Nuts", but these could not match his success as Gilligan. In 1998, he was arrested for marijuana possession and in 2005, he underwent heart surgery. After that he learned he had cancer. Before he became an actor, Denver worked as a mailman and a high school teacher.

1100

Note that 1100 is the last year of the 11th century. 1101 is the first year of the 12th century. It was an exceptional common year starting on Monday in the Gregorian calendar, which did not happen to be used, but was a leap year starting on Sunday on that Julian calendar.




Monk

A monk is a man who devoted part or all of his life to a religion. The word comes from Ancient Greek, and can be translated as "solitary". In Greek, the word can apply to women, but in modern English it is mainly used for men. The word nun is usually used for female monastics. Monks practice asceticism. They either live alone, or together with other monks who share the same ideals. Monks can be found in different religions, most often in Buddhism, Christianity, Hinduism, Jainism and Taoism.

The monks who live on their own are usually called hermits, those living with other monks do so in monasteries. Nuns living together do so in a convent.

Some laws monks might choose to obey:

Dream Theater

Dream Theater (often called DT for short) is a progressive metal and progressive rock band formed in the mid-1980s in the United States.



The band was founded by John Myung, John Petrucci and Mike Portnoy. Myung and Petrucci are the only original members that are still in the band today. They changed their singer twice in the late 1980s when Chris Collins was replaced by Charlie Dominici in 1987. Dominici left the band only three years later, in 1990, and James LaBrie joined and stayed until today. Dream Theater's keyboardist also changed three times. Kevin Moore played with the band from 1985 until 1995 when he left and Derek Sherinian took his position until 1999. Jordan Rudess is Dream Theater's Keyboardist now. He is known for his excellent technique and compositional skills. In September 2010, drummer Mike Portnoy left Dream Theater, and was replaced by Mike Mangini.

The members of Dream Theater are known for having excellent playing technique of their instruments, and for their songwriting. Their music is very complex and the songs are often long, their longest being "Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence" at 42 minutes in length.

Their songs contain a lot of instrumental sections, in which no vocals are heard and only the instruments play (these parts are called "instrumental passages") and also many solos. Another feature of their music is that during each song, the speed often changes, and occasionally style changes too.

They once said that other bands have trouble making long songs. They said they have trouble making "short" songs. Most of Dream Theater's music is very difficult to play because of the high speed it has to be played with and the complex rhythm.



Triangle

A triangle is a shape, or a part of two dimensional space. It has three straight sides and three vertices. The three angles of a triangle always add up to 180° (180 degrees). It is the polygon with the least possible number of sides. A triangle with vertices "A", "B", "C" is written as formula_1. The study of geometry related to triangles is called trigonometry. Modern computers usually use triangles to make more complex graphic images or shapes.

Triangles can be grouped according to how many of their sides are equal:
Triangles can also be grouped by their angles:


The area of a triangle is equal to base times height times one half.

formula_2


Feminism

Feminism is a social, political, and economic movement. Feminism is about changing the way that people see male and female rights (mainly female), and campaigning for equal ones. Somebody who follows feminism is called a feminist.

Feminism began in the 18th century with the Enlightenment. The controversy over the differences between the genders led to the discussion of equality.

The word "feminism" comes from the French word "féminisme". This medical term was used to describe masculine women or men with feminized traits. When its use became popular in the United States of America, it was used to refer to groups of women who "asserted the uniqueness of women, the mystical experience of motherhood and women's special purity.

Feminism started with the idea that human rights should be given to women. This idea was put forward by some philosophers in the 18th and 19th centuries such as Mary Wollstonecraft and John Stuart Mill. Later feminists in the early 20th century said that women should be allowed to vote in a democracy. Many women felt very strongly that they should be allowed to vote and there were many protests. These women were called Suffragettes. This is because they were fighting for Universal suffrage which means everybody is able to vote. The Suffragettes staged many protests for their rights. Some women even committed suicide to show how wrong it was that they could not take part in politics. After women received the vote, feminism worked to make all of society more equal for women.

Not all female politicians have been welcomed by feminists, with Margaret Thatcher, Sarah Palin and Michele Bachmann being clear examples.

Feminism is generally acknowledged to have "waves" as different time periods focused on different aspects of feminism, often working off the ideas presented by the wave before.

The first wave of feminism could be dated earlier to include pre-nineteenth century women's rights movements. The French Revolution of 1789 is often attributed as the beginning of the first demands for women's rights. This went on to inspire Mary Wollstonecraft, whose book "A Vindication of the Rights of Women" was published in 1792. It is one of the earliest significant works of feminist literacy. However, first wave feminism is usually dated as occurring between the mid to late nineteenth century and early 1900s. During the first wave, women began to realize that they must first gain political power before they could bring about social change. This wave focused on gaining the right to vote (universal suffrage). Later, the focus shifted to include sexual, economic, and reproductive concerns.

During the inter-war years, the feminist movement declined. Anti-feminism was on the rise, focusing on the issue of women and work. Women were being 'persuaded' to return to their traditional roles in the home and give up their war jobs. There were also issues within the organized ranks of feminism itself. The ideologies and priorities were changing. Some felt that equality with men had been reached and shifted their focus onto the needs of women as women, such as the subjects of birth control, family allowance, and protective legislature. This caused the split into the dominant groups of equality feminism and new feminism. New feminists focused on the role of traditional women in the home and as mothers. Equality feminists encouraged women to look beyond the home and fought for equality with men in every aspect of life. Equality feminists opposed protective legislature, such as maternity leave.

The topic of protective legislature eventually led to the divide of first wave feminism. Middle-class feminists tended to oppose protective legislature, whereas working class feminists largely supported it. This split between the previously dominant equality feminism and the rising new feminism marks the end of the first wave of feminism.

Second wave feminism is marked by the rise of political concerns. Where the first wave of feminism dealt with women in the workforce, as well as the right to own property and vote, the second wave of feminism lobbied for 'liberation' from a patriarchal society. The key to second wave feminism was the struggle over the female body itself - how it was represented and the significance attached to the reality of biological differences.

The famous "One is not born, but rather becomes a woman" declaration made by Simone de Beauvoir led to new thinking on the way gender was perceived as a construction, rather than something inherent.

Second wave feminism was also characterized by the problematization of equality. Questions arose about what gaining equality would achieve, due to the societal roles men and women were still expected to fill. This led to the call for extreme change in order to revolutionize the very fabric of a patriarchal society. This was the beginning of the radical, Marxist, and socialist feminist groupings. It also marked a shift in the politics of liberal feminism, focusing more on 'sexual politics', such as the family, abortion, rape, domestic violence, and sexuality.

Third wave feminism is generally described as the feminism of a younger generation who acknowledge both the effect and the limitations of the ideologies presented by second wave feminism. This new generation argues that the conditions which prompted second wave feminism no longer exist and therefore, feminism needs to change. It also argues that second wave feminism catered too much to a small group of people, namely white, middle-class, heterosexual women.

Third wave feminists largely seem to have grown up with feminism as a strong concept in society, thus influencing them from a young age. It is taught in schools and is also prominent in the media.

Third wave feminists largely focus on issues surrounding individual self-expression. This includes how identity is formed and communicated through things such as appearance, sexuality, and intersectionality. Third wave feminism recognized women from different cultural backgrounds, religions, sexualities, ethnicities, and abilities.

Some say that a fourth wave of feminism is already upon us, prompted by the increase in internet culture. This wave is similar to the third wave but is distinguished by more advanced technology and broader ideas of equality. This wave stands more in solidarity with other social justice movements.

Fourth wave feminism uses the internet and its "call-out" culture to challenge misogyny and sexism in popular media such as television, literature, advertising, etc. This has caused companies to change how they market to women in order to avoid being "called out".

Another part of fourth wave feminism is the existence of people who reject the word "feminism" because of "assumptions of gender binary and exclusionary subtext: 'For women only'".

In 21st century online communities/ support groups focused on masculinism discourse as a counterpart to online presence of feminism is known as manosphere. Masculinism fueled by primordialist ideologies have also resulted into an openly anti-feminist toxic culture known as "incels" (involuntarily celibate).

There have been women who have been involved in politics throughout history.

Esther, Lady Godiva, Bodicea, Queen Elizabeth, Lucrezia Borgia, Catherine the Great, Joan of Arc.

Starting in 1960, there have been many women elected to high positions of power, such as prime minister. Sirimavo Bandaranaike was the first, followed by Indira Gandhi, Golda Meir, Elisabeth Domitien and Margaret Thatcher. Dame Eugenia Charles lasted nearly 15 years in the post, a record.

Liberal feminism drew its strength from the diversity of liberal thought following the Enlightenment. The basis of liberal feminism is the emphasis on the power of the individual. If everyone individually stands up for what is right, discriminatory practices will change. Liberals challenge societal norms. Liberal feminists acknowledge and support individual choices and preferences that are considered as 'traditional' gender placements (such as the home and the workplace) if they are a voluntary choice without coercion.

Socialist or Marxist feminism are similar cause their feministo (female-centered manifesto) is "revolution is the answer to change." They both link social conditions with capitalism and believe that overthrowing the current system is the only way to get what you want. Like liberal feminists, socialist or Marxist feminists acknowledge that men are necessary as part of the movement for change. Whatever the theory, socialist and Marxist countries have never had women in major government posts. Women have often achieved ministerial positions in democracies. Rhetoric (what regimes say) does not always line up with what regimes do in practice.

Radical feminism, particularly in the US, developed from civil rights and new left. Radical feminists were largely fed up with the male-dominated left-wing radicalism and formed the Women's Liberation Movement. This was formed to create woman-centered politics and to escape from male-oriented politics. They believed this could only be done in a safe women-only space, and this led to the policy of separatism for which radical feminism is best known. Radical feminists are often misunderstood and seen as "man-hating" because of the way their women-oriented politics seem to reject male input.

Evangelical feminism or 'Christian feminism' was developed from religious movements. Evangelical feminists work to protect and spiritually reform those who need it, such as women and children from outside the church. These feminists believe that everyone is equal under one God and strive to bring that equality to the church and their individual lives.

Equality feminism is a subsection of the feminist movement. Equality feminism's focus on the similarities between the sexes is on the basis that men and women's abilities are indistinguishable from their biology. This type of feminism encourages women to look beyond the home. Its ultimate goal is for the sexes to be completely equal in every part of life.

New feminism is a philosophy similar to equality feminism. It focuses on how the differences between men and women complement each other, rather than one sex's biology causing a superiority over the other. New feminism, unlike equality feminism, recognizes the different strengths and roles given to men and women. New feminism advocates for equality in how men and women are treated in their individual roles in society. Its basic concept is the emphasis placed on important differences being biological rather than cultural. Women should be supported as child bearers, both economically and culturally, but this should not be a role that is forced upon them. The main aim is to emphasize the importance of women and men as individuals and that in all senses (legal, social, economic), they should be equal despite their natural differences.

Global Feminist Thought is primarily the movement of women's rights on a global scale. Women are impacted in different communities around the world and have common problems they face on a day-to-day basis; usually at home or in the work force. Although different cultural locations have different experiences that will shape their experiences and perceptions, they have common themes. Global feminists tend to focus on nationality and they reach out to help those in developing and third world countries, as well as address oppression created through histories of colonialism and imperialism. It works to end capitalism, imperialism, sexism and racism, along with having everyone considered equal on a global view. It encourages feminists to confront the problems they are facing and reach out for help, as they are not the only ones experiencing that particular problem.

Lean-In Feminism is an approach where women act and behave in a toxic manner and justify their actions by messaging if a man behaved the same way they did, he wouldn't get called out on it. Elizabeth Holmes, founder of Theranos; Ellen DeGeneres of Ellen DeGeneres Show; Amy Klobuchar, American senator; Chelsea Handler, American comedian; Zoe Sugg, YouTube vlogger etc. are considered to be prime examples. This is a negative idea of empowerment seen in social movements that posits women in power are unimpeachable and immune to feminist critique, simply by virtue of the fact that they have achieved such high positions. It is hard to distinguish people of this approach from supportive feminists, because they often cloak themselves with publicity stunts of advocating for all women in order to maintain their hegemony within a kyriarchal system.

Writers such as Camille Paglia, Christina Hoff Sommers, Jean Bethke Elshtain, Elizabeth Fox-Genovese and Daphne Patai oppose some forms of feminism, though they identify as feminists. They argue that feminism often promotes misandry (hatred of men) and the elevation of women's interests above men's, and criticize radical feminist positions as harmful to both men and women. Daphne Patai and Noretta Koertge argue that the term "anti-feminist" is used to silence academic debate about defects of feminism like lack of intersectionality and visible separatism.

It's branch of feminism that rejects language and cultural practices used to define body and gender. They accept identity of a person with openness of accepting the identity chosen by the individual or reflexively as not-yet-known nor necessarily knowable. They are anti-essentialists and reject tenets made by liberal feminists who make truth claims about who is a "real" women.

Identified reasons why some people do not like feminism:


Eivør Pálsdóttir

Eivør Pálsdóttir (born 21 July 1983 in Syðrugøta, Faroe Islands) is a Faroese singer and composer. She sings in Faroese, but also in English, Icelandic, Swedish and Danish. 

Eivør Pálsdóttir is one of the most well-known singers from the Faroe Islands.

"Krakan", her second solo album, won the nomination for an Icelandic Music Award in three categories. Eivor won Best Singer and Best Performer in Iceland in 2003. 



Hippopotamus

The hippopotamus ("Hippopotamus amphibius"), or hippo, ancient Greek for "river horse" ("Ιπποπόταμος"), is a large mammal from Africa that usually eats plants. It is one of only two species in the family Hippopotamidae that are still alive. The other is the pygmy hippopotamus.

The hippopotamus is the second largest land animal in size and the third largest land animal in weight. The elephant is the heaviest and the white rhinoceros is the second heaviest, but a bit smaller than the hippo. The hippo is also the heaviest artiodactyl.

The hippopotamus is semi-aquatic. This means that even though it usually lives on the land, it spends a great amount of time in rivers and lakes where males lead groups of 5 to 30 females and young. In the daytime, they keep cool by staying in the water or mud. They give birth to baby hippos in the water, too. At dusk, they come out to graze on grass. Hippopotamuses rest together in the water, but they like to graze by themselves.

The hippopotamus has: a torso that is shaped like a barrel, a very big mouth and teeth, an almost hairless body, short legs and great size. It is the third largest land mammal, judging by its weight, which is between between 1½ and 3 tonnes. The white rhinoceros weighs 1½ to 3½ tonnes and the three species of elephant weigh 3 to 9 tonnes. Even though it has short, fat legs, it can run more quickly than a human. Some hippos have run at 30 km/h (19 mph) for short distances. The hippopotamus is one of the fiercest animals in the world. It is often called one of the most dangerous animals in Africa. There are about 125,000 to 150,000 hippos in Sub-Saharan Africa. Zambia (about 40,000) and Tanzania (20,000–30,000) have the most hippos. They are threatened because they are losing their habitats and being poached for their meat and ivory teeth.

The word "hippopotamus" comes from the ancient Greek , "hippopotamos", from , "hippos", "horse" and , "potamos", which means "river". So, "hippopotamus" means "horse of the river". More than one hippopotamus are called "hippopotami", and 'hippopotamuses' or 'hippos' is also used. Hippopotami are social. About 30 hippos live together in groups. A male hippopotamus is known as a bull. A female hippopotamus is called a cow and a baby hippo is called a calf. The species is also known as the common hippopotamus or the Nile hippopotamus.

Hippopotami are the fourth largest mammals in the world (after whales, elephants and rhinoceroses). The Egyptian hippopotamus is smaller than the others. They can live in the water or on land. They can walk or even run along the bottom of a river.

Because hippos are so large, it is difficult to weigh them in the wild. Most adult male hippos weigh between . Females hippos are smaller and usually weigh between . Older males can get even bigger. They are at least and sometimes even weigh .

Male hippos seem to keep on growing for their whole lives. Females hippos, though, become the heaviest when they are about 25 years old.

Hippos have big and heavy bodies, dark gray skin and short legs. A hippo's main defence is their extremely strong mouth. They can grow to be 15 feet long and weigh 3,000 pounds.

Hippopotami are herbivores which live in groups. Despite being semiaquatic and having webbed feet, an adult hippo is not a particularly good swimmer nor can it float. It is rarely found in deep water; when it is, the animal moves by porpoise-like leaps from the bottom. They usually stay in the mud and water during the day and come out to eat grass or leaves at night. Though they are bulky animals, hippopotami can gallop at 30 km/h (19 mph) on land but normally trot.

Many hippos lived in North Africa and Europe until about 30,000 years ago. They used to be common in Egypt's Nile region from long ago, though they are not there now. Pliny the Elder writes that, in his time, the best place in Egypt for finding this animal was in Sais. The animal could still be found around there after the Arab Conquest in 639. Hippos are still found in the rivers and lakes of: Uganda, Sudan, Somalia, Kenya, northern Democratic Republic of the Congo and Ethiopia, west through Ghana to Gambia and also in Southern Africa (Botswana, Republic of South Africa, Zimbabwe, Zambia). Some hippos also live in Tanzania and Mozambique. They like to live in places with water that is not too deep.

Hippos are very aggressive towards humans, whom they commonly attack whether in boats or on land with no apparent provocation. This aggression by the hippopotamus is caused by humans coming too close to their children. Hippopotami are very protective of their young and they often fear that humans pose a large threat to their young. They are widely considered to be one of the most dangerous large animals in Africa.

The earliest proof that humans were involved with hippos comes from butchery cut marks on hippo bones at Bouri Formation from around 160,000 years ago. Later rock paintings and engravings showing hippos being hunted. They have been found in the mountains of the central Sahara from 4,000 to 5,000 years ago near Djanet. Ancient Egyptians also knew much about hippos. They knew the hippo was a fierce, wild animal that lived in the Nile. In Egyptian mythology, Tawaret, a goddess of protection in pregnancy and childbirth, had the head of a hippo. This was because ancient Egyptians saw how protective female hippopotami could be about their young.


Prefecture

A prefecture is a word used in Greece and Japan (called "νομός", "nomós" in Greece and called 県 "ken" in Japan) for a 

part of a country with its own government. It is a kind of local government.

It is like an American state or a British county.

In France, it is the head of the department ("see" Prefectures in France "for more detail").

2010

2010 (twenty ten) (MMX) was .

The United Nations designated 2010 the International Year of Biodiversity and International Year of Youth.

There are many debates over how the years are spoken. The year 2010 can be spoken as "twenty-ten" or "two thousand (and) ten".




















Eris (dwarf planet)

Eris (symbol ) is a dwarf planet and a trans-Neptunian object (TNO). It is the second-largest known dwarf planet in the Solar System. Eris is slightly smaller than Pluto, but it has more mass than Pluto. 

It is a "scattered disc object" in the Kuiper belt, further out than Pluto. It is also called a "plutoid" because the IAU decided to rename all trans-Neptunian dwarf planets as plutoids. Eris orbits the sun once every 557 Earth years. It has an elliptical orbit, inclined at an angle of 44° between the plane of the orbit of the planet and the ecliptic, the plane containing Earth's orbital path. 

Eris has one moon, called Dysnomia.

136199 Eris was discovered by Michael E. Brown, Chad Trujillo and David Rabinowitz on January 5, 2005, when they were having a close look at some images of the outer Solar System taken in 2003.

136199 Eris was originally called "Xena", after the main character of the television series "". Due to complications, it was officially named 136199 Eris on September 13, 2006. Eris is named after the goddess of strife, discord, ⁣ contention and rivalry in Greek mythology.

136199 Eris has one moon called Dysnomia. It was discovered on September 10, 2005. Dysnomia was originally nicknamed "Gabrielle", after a character from the television series "Xena: Warrior Princess", like 136199 Eris. However, like 136199 Eris, it was renamed to Dysnomia due to complications. Dysnomia was named after the daughter of 136199 Eris, in Greek mythology. Dysnomia is the goddess (or spirit) of lawlessness and poor civil constitution.

Media reports have argued that 136199 Eris is the tenth planet, along with astronomers and NASA scientists. However, the definition of a planet was changed in August 2006. Under the new specifications, 136199 Eris, along with 134340 Pluto, was lowered in status to a dwarf planet.

Scientists continue to find out more about Eris and its moon, and look for more moons and possible rings. Because Eris is so far away, it would take 24.5 years to visit Eris with a space probe.



Operation Overlord

Operation Overlord was the 1944 campaign for the invasion of continental Europe in World War II. It was fought by the Allied forces against German forces. The most critical part was the Normandy landings, which were to get the Allied armies onto the mainland of Europe. That might have failed, and heavy casualties were expected, even if it succeeded.

The Battle of Normandy raged until German forces retreated across the Seine on 30 August 1944, which marked the close of Operation Overlord.

The main Allied forces came from the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada. Nine other nations also sent units: Australia, Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Greece, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, and Poland.

Preparations were large and complex. Operation Overlord was the largest and deadliest amphibious assault in the history of warfare. Almost three million troops crossed the English Channel from England to Normandy, in German-occupied France.

Allied troops made many practice landings to understand how to land correctly.

Maps of the beaches of Normandy were created. The planners knew that heavy tanks and transport could not travel on the beaches, which had soft peat underneath them. Detailed maps of the area were required. If peat had to be travelled on, the plan was to lay down matting.

On 7 April and 15 May, Bernard Montgomery presented his plan for the invasion. He planned a 90-day battle, ending when all the forces reached the Seine.

The goal for the first 40 days was to capture Caen and Cherbourg, the latter for its important deep-water port. Then, Brittany and its Atlantic ports would be captured. Railways and roads in northern France would be bombed to block reinforcements for the defenders. Next, the Allies would go 125 miles (190 km) to the southwest of Paris. The Allies would then control the land between the Loire River in the south and Seine River in the northeast.

Meanwhile, the Allies made great efforts to make the Germans think that the invasion would happen elsewhere.

The Allies developed new technology for Overlord. The "mulberry", a mobile concrete harbor, allowed the Allies to supply their soldiers on the beach without capturing one of the heavily defended Channel ports. Major-General Percy Hobart, a military engineer, designed modified Sherman and Churchill tanks.

In the months leading up to the invasion, the Allies worked at military deception. German coastal defences were stretched thinly in 1944. Once Normandy had been chosen as the site of the invasion, it was decided to attempt to trick the Germans into thinking it was a fake invasion and that the true invasion was to be elsewhere. That was called Operation Bodyguard. In the weeks leading up to the invasion, the Allies tried to make the Germans think that the main invasion would take place at the Pas de Calais and in Norway. The deception was an industry in itself since it included dummy messages, dummy tanks in places near Dover and the southern coast of England, using double agents to spread false information, dummy radio messages, and so on.

The deception was highly successful. It led Hitler to delay sending reinforcements from the Pas de Calais region for nearly seven weeks (the original plan had specified 14 days). In his memoirs, General Omar Bradley called "Bodyguard" the "single biggest hoax of the war".

Allied forces rehearsed their roles for D-Day months before the invasion. On 28 April 1944, in south Devon on the British coast, 946 American soldiers and sailors were killed when German torpedo boats attacked one of these landing exercises, Exercise Tiger.

The security of D-Day was supported by stopping unplanned news from getting out of Britain. Travel to and from the Republic of Ireland was banned and movements near the coasts was not allowed. The German embassies and consulates in neutral countries were given false information.

All the same, there were several leaks before or on D-Day. An embassy spy in Istanbul gave the Germans documents containing references to Overlord, but these documents lacked detail. Another leak was General Charles de Gaulle's radio message after D-Day. He stated that this invasion was the real invasion. This had the potential to ruin the Allied tricks. Eisenhower referred to the landings as the initial invasion. The Germans did not believe de Gaulle and waited too long to move in extra troops against the Allies.

The British did an airborne assault on the River Orne. The British goal was to capture the Orne River bridges to prevent German armor from using them and to prevent retreating Germans from blowing them up. This way, they could be used by Allied armor and vehicles.

The British sea attack units would attack through Sword and Gold Beaches. The United States had the 101st Airborne Division and several infantry divisions, which were to take Omaha Beach, the Pointe du Hoc and Utah Beach. The Canadians would work with British units to attack Sword Beach. The British and Canadians also had separate beaches, Gold Beach and Juno Beach, respectively.

The Invasion Fleet was made up of warships and submarines from eight navies, split into the Western Naval Task Force (Rear-Admiral Alan G Kirk) and the Eastern Naval Task Force (Rear-Admiral Sir Philip Vian). The fleet was led by Admiral Sir Bertram Ramsay.

The Allies assigned codenames to the various operations involved in the invasion. "Overlord" was the name for the landing on the Continent (that is, western Europe). Getting a secure hold on the area was codenamed "Neptune". It began on D-Day (6 June 1944) and ended on 30 June 1944. By this time, the Allies had control in Normandy. Operation "Overlord" also began on D-Day, and continued until Allied forces crossed the river Seine on 19 August 1944.

Through most of 1942 and 1943, the Germans thought successful Allied invasion in the west would not happen. Preparations were limited to building fortifications at the major ports. The number of military forces in Nazi Germany reached its peak during 1944 with 59 divisions in France, Belgium and the Netherlands.

Field Marshal Erwin Rommel was in charge of the wall. He improved the defences of the entire coastline. Steel obstacles were put on beaches, concrete bunkers and pillboxes constructed, and low-lying areas were flooded. Pointed stakes were set up on likely landing grounds to make it hard for the Allies to do airborne landings. The Germans fortified the foreshore area as part of their Atlantic Wall defences (including tank turrets and barbed wire).

These projects were not finished, especially in the Normandy sector. Allied bombing of the French railway system made it hard to move materials, and the Germans were convinced by the Allied tricks that the landings would take place in the Pas de Calais.

The sector which was attacked was guarded by four divisions, of which the 352nd and 91st were of high quality. The other defending troops included Germans who were not fit for active duty on the Eastern Front, conscripted Poles and former Soviet prisoners-of-war who had agreed to fight for the Germans. These units had German leaders.

Rommel's defensive measures were made difficult by arguments over how to use armoured forces. Von Geyr and Rommel disagreed over the how to use Panzer divisions.

Rommel thought armoured formations be close to the coast, to attack while the invaders were weak. Von Geyr said they should instead be put around Paris and used in a big group when the Germans knew which beach was being invaded. Hitler made a compromise solution.

Rommel was given only three tank divisions, one of which was close enough to the Normandy beaches to fight on the first day. The other mechanized divisions were put under the control of the German Armed Forces HQ (OKW) and were placed across France, Belgium and the Netherlands.

The opportunity for launching an invasion was limited to only a few days in each month, because a full moon was needed. This would provide light for the aircraft pilots and create a spring tide. Eisenhower had picked 5 June as the date for the assault. However, on 4 June, conditions were unsuitable for a landing. High winds and heavy seas made it impossible to launch landing craft. Low clouds would prevent aircraft finding their targets.

Meteorologists predicted an improvement in the weather for 6 June. At a meeting on 5 June, Eisenhower and his senior commanders discussed the situation. Eisenhower decided to launch the invasion that night. Had Eisenhower delayed the invasion, the only option was to go two weeks later. This would have been during stormy weather.

To make it hard for the Germans to launch attacks during the sea attack phase, airborne operations were used to capture bridges and road crossings. The airborne landings behind the beaches were also designed to help the soldiers landing on beaches by destroying German coastal defense artillery.

On Sword Beach, the regular British infantry came ashore with few casualties. They had advanced about by the end of the day but did not get as far as Montgomery had wanted. Caen was still held by Germans by the end of D-Day and remained so until Operation Charnwood, on 9 July.

The Canadian forces that landed on Juno Beach had a difficult battle. Both German concrete fortifications and a sea wall twice as high as at Omaha Beach made Juno very difficult to attack. Juno was the most-heavily defended beach on D-Day after Omaha. The Canadians were off the beach within hours and advancing inland. They were the only units to reach their D-Day goals, but most units fell back a few kilometres to make stronger defensive positions.

At Gold Beach, there were many dead and wounded because the Germans had strongly fortified a village on the beach. The 50th (Northumbrian) Infantry Division advanced almost to Bayeux by the end of the day. When commando units captured the Port-en-Bessin, the Allies could use their underwater PLUTO pipeline to bring in fuel.

The Americans who landed on Omaha Beach faced the veteran German 352nd Infantry Division, one of the best trained groups on the beaches. Furthermore, Omaha was the most heavily fortified beach. Commanders considered abandoning the beach, but small units of infantry got past the coastal defences. By the end of the day, two areas had been captured. Control over the beach expanded over the following days and the D-Day goals were accomplished by the third day.

At Pointe du Hoc, the 2nd Ranger battalion had to climb the cliffs. While they climbed, the enemy shot at them and dropped grenades. They used ropes and ladders to climb up and to destroy the guns.

The beach fortifications were important targets since a single artillery observer could have directed fire on the American beaches. The Rangers captured the fortifications. They then had to fight for two days to hold the location and lost more than 60 percent of their men.
The number of dead and wounded on Utah Beach, the westernmost landing zone, were the lightest of any beach. Only 197 out of the 23,000 troops that landed were killed or wounded. The 4th Infantry Division troops, who landed on the beach, moved inland by early afternoon and linked up with the 101st Airborne Division.

Once the beaches had been controlled, the Mulberry Harbours were set up around 9 June. One was constructed at Arromanches by British forces and the other at Omaha Beach by American forces. Severe storms on 19 June caused problems with the landing of supplies and destroyed the Omaha harbour. The Arromanches harbour supplied around 9,000 tons daily until the end of August 1944, when the port of Cherbourg had been captured by the Allies.

The German 21st Panzer division attacked between Sword and Juno beaches and nearly reached the Channel. Allied anti-tank gunners made them pull back before the end of 6 June.

The Allied invasion plans had called for the capture of Carentan, St. Lô, Caen and Bayeux on the first day. The plan was to link all the beaches except Utah and Sword (the last of which linked with paratroopers) and a front line from the beaches. None of the goals had been achieved. The number of dead and wounded had not been as heavy as some had feared (around 10,000, compared to the 20,000 that Churchill had estimated), and the bridges had survived the German attacks.

In the western part of the invasion area, US troops were to occupy the Cotentin Peninsula, especially Cherbourg, to provide the Allies with a deep-water harbour. The land behind Utah and Omaha was banks and hedgerows and so tanks, gunfire and vision could not get through. That made the place an ideal defensive position.

The US infantry made slow progress and had many dead and wounded as it moved towards Cherbourg. The airborne troops were used to help with the advance. The far side of the peninsula was reached on 18 June. Hitler told German forces not to retreat to the strong Atlantic Wall fortifications in Cherbourg. The Cherbourg commander, Lieutenant-General Karl-Wilhelm von Schlieben, surrendered on 26 June. Before surrendering, he had most of the facilities destroyed and so made the harbour inoperable until mid-August. By then, the combat front had moved so far east that the harbour was less helpful.

While the Americans headed for Cherbourg, a unit of troops led by the British moved towards Caen. Montgomery made many attrition warfare attacks. The first was Operation Perch, which moved south from Bayeux to Villers-Bocage, where the armour could capture Caen. The attack was halted at the Battle of Villers-Bocage. Caen was bombed and then occupied north of the River Orne in Operation Charnwood from 7 to 9 July. An attack in the Caen area followed with all three British armoured divisions, codenamed "Operation Goodwood", from 18 to 21 July. The attack captured the high ground south of Caen. The rest of the city was captured by Canadian forces during Operation Atlantic. A further operation, Operation Spring, from 25 to 28 July, by the Canadians secured limited land south of the city but with many dead and wounded.

Montgomery's plan included keeping the Germans in the eastern part of the invasion area and protecting Cobra's position. By the end of Goodwood, the Germans had used the last of their reserve divisions. There were six-and-a-half Panzer divisions against the Britishs and the Canadians, compared to the one-and-a-half facing the Americans.

"Operation Cobra" was launched on 25 July by the US First Army. It was successful, and the VIII Corps entered Coutances at the western end of the Cotentin Peninsula on 28 July, after it had broken through the German lines.

On 1 August, the VIII Corps became part of Lieutenant General George S. Patton's Third Army. On 4 August, Montgomery changed the invasion plan by sending a corps to occupy Brittany and push the German troops around the ports while the rest of the Third Army continued east. Because of the large number of German forces south of Caen, Montgomery moved the British west and launched Operation Bluecoat from 30 July to 7 August to add to the attacks from the Americans. That pushed the German forces to the west and allowed the launch of Operation Totalize south from Caen on 7 August.

By early August, more German reserves became available. The German forces were being encircled, and the German High Command wanted those reserves to help with a retreat to the Seine. Hitler demanded an attack at Mortain on 7 August. The attack was pushed back by the Allies, who again had advance warning from the Ultra codebreakers. The original Allied plan was to encircle the Germans as far as the Loire valley. Bradley realized that many of the German forces in Normandy could no longer move. He got Montgomery's approval by telephone on 8 August to encircle German forces. The task was left to Patton, who moved nearly unopposed through Normandy. The Germans were left in near Chambois. Strong German defenses and the sending of American troops for an attack by Patton towards the Seine at Mantes prevented the Germans from being trapped until 21 August, when 50,000 German troops.

Whether that could have been done earlier and more prisoners taken has been debated.

The liberation of Paris followed shortly afterwards. The French Resistance in Paris rose attacked the Germans on 19 August. The French 2nd Armoured Division, under General Philippe Leclerc, along with the US 4th Infantry Division, accepted the surrender of the German forces there and liberated Paris on 25 August.
Operations continued in the British and Canadian sector until the end of the month. On 25 August, the 2nd US Armored Division fought its way into Elbeuf and made contact with British and Canadian armoured divisions there. The 2nd Canadian Infantry Division advanced into the Forêt de la Londe on the morning of 27 August. The area was strongly held and the 4th and the 6th Canadian Brigades had large numbers of dead and wounded over three days as the Germans defended their position. The Germans pulled back on the 29th and withdrew over the Seine on the 30th.

On the 30th, the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division crossed the Seine near Elbeuf and entered Rouen to a happy welcome.


The campaign in Normandy is considered by historians to end at midnight on 24 July 1944 (the start of "Operation Cobra" on the American front), 25 August 1944 (the liberation of Paris), or 30 August 1944, the date the last German unit retreated across the River Seine.

The original "Overlord" plan was for a 90-day campaign in Normandy with the ultimate goal of reaching the Seine, a goal that was met early. American forces were fighting in Brittany as anticipated by General Montgomery during the latter weeks of the campaign. Historians consider the Normandy campaign to have ended with the massive breakout of "Operation Cobra".

The official American history describes the fighting beginning on 25 July as the "Northern France" campaign, and includes the fighting to close the Falaise Gap, which the British/Canadians/Poles consider to be part of the Battle of Normandy. Volume I of the "Official History of the Canadian Army in the Second World War," by C.P. Stacey, published in 1955, as well as the Canadian Army's official "Historical Summary of the Second World War," published in 1948, define the Battle of Normandy as lasting from 6 June 1944 to 1 September 1944. The definition of the Battle of Normandy is also evident in another publication by the Army's Historical Section, "Canada's Battle in Normandy".

There were reports of Eisenhower requesting Montgomery's replacement in July. The lack of forward progress was caused by the rough land. However, as at the Second Battle of El Alamein, Montgomery kept to his original attrition warfare strategy and reached the objectives within his original 90-day target.

Victory in Normandy was followed by a pursuit to the French border in short order. Germany was forced once again to reinforce the Western Front with manpower and resources from the Soviet and the Italian fronts.

By September, Allied forces of seven field armies, two of which came through southern France in Operation Dragoon, were approaching the German frontier. The Allied battle plan was good by drawing on the strengths of both Britain and America. German leadership was often faulty, despite good fighting by German units.

In a larger context, the Normandy landings helped the Soviets on the Eastern Front, where most of the German forces fought. They shortened of the conflict there.

Victory in Normandy stemmed from several factors. The Allies had more weapons and equipment. They also had new inventions like the PLUTO pipelines and Mulberry harbours, which helped the flow of troops, equipment, fuel and ammunition. Movement of cargo over the open beaches went better than expected, even after the destruction of the American Mulberry in the Channel storm in mid-June.

By the end of July 1944, one million American, British, Canadian, French, and Polish troops; hundreds of thousands of vehicles; and a lot of supplies were ashore in Normandy. Artillery ammunition and other items were plentiful. That was impressive since they held no port until Cherbourg fell.

By the time of the Normany breakout, the Allies also had superiority in numbers of troops (approximately 3.5:1) and armored vehicles (approximately 4:1), which helped overcome that the natural advantages the rough land gave to the German defenders.
Allied intelligence and counterintelligence efforts were successful. Operation Fortitude before the invasion kept German attention focused on the Pas-de-Calais. High-quality German forces were kept in that area, away from Normandy, until July. Prior to the invasion, few German reconnaissance flights took place over Britain, and those that did saw only the fake camps. Ultra decoding of German Enigma (machine) communications had been helpful as well, which exposed German plans and showed that the Allies' trick was still believed.

Lack of an organized strategy hurt the German defence. Leadership was split between Field Marshals von Rundstedt and Rommel. Von Rundstedt wanted to keep the powerful units in reserve for a powerful counterattack once the Allied landing had started. Rommel wanted to stop the Allies at the beach and tried to locate units so that they could attack quickly.

Rommel's plan was good, but his reserve strategy was not good because units could not move during the day because of Allied air strikes. In the end, the mix of two strategies was a disaster. The beach defences were overcome, and the counterattacks were not strong enough.

German commanders at all levels failed to react to the attack quickly. Communication problems added to the problems caused by Allied air and naval firepower. Local commanders did not lead an aggressive defence on the beach. The German High Command focused on the Calais area, and von Rundstedt was not permitted to use the armored reserve.

When it was finally released late in the day, success was more difficult. Although the 21st Panzer Division had attacked earlier, it faced strong opposition, which had been allowed to build at the beaches. Overall, the Allied material superiority continued to grow, but the Germans slowed the Allies advance for nearly two months and were aided by the rough land.
Although there were several disputes among the Allied commanders, their plans were decided by the main commanders. By contrast, the senior German leaders always had interference by Hitler, who did not know local conditions.

Field Marshals von Rundstedt and Rommel repeatedly asked Hitler for more freedom to change plans but were refused. Von Rundstedt was removed from his command on 29 June after he had told Field Marshal Wilhelm Keitel, the Chief of Staff at OKW (German Armed Forces Headquarters), to make peace. Rommel was severely injured by Allied aircraft on 16 July.

Field Marshal Günther von Kluge, who took over the posts that had been held by both von Rundstedt and Rommel, was linked with some of the military plotters against Hitler and would not argue with Hitler for fear of arrest. As a result, the German armies in Normandy were pushed by Hitler to counterattack rather than retreat after the American breakthrough. Kluge was relieved of command on 15 August and killed himself. The more independent Field Marshal Walter Model then took command.


Mike Tyson

Michael Gerard Tyson (born June 30, 1966) is an American retired boxer. In 1986, he had his 28th professional match (or fight) as a professional boxer; Because he won that fight also, the World Boxing Council (WBC) gave him the title "World Champion". Tyson is regarded as one of the greatest boxers of all time due to his dominance and timing.

Mike Tyson became a professional boxer in 1985 and won a heavyweight title from Trevor Berbick in 1986. He was the youngest man to win a heavyweight title belt. He became recognized as the undisputed champion when he beat Tony Tuker in 1987. His 91-second obliteration of Michael Spinks in 1988 was the zenith of his boxing fame and ability. He lost his title to Buster Douglas in 1990. Tyson won his first 19 professional bouts by knockout, 12 of them in the first round.

In 1992, he was convicted of the rape of Desiree Washington, and served three years in prison. When he was released he started boxing again and won a few heavyweight titles. His first fight after jail was against Peter McNeeley which he won almost with ease. Evander Holyfield was the first fighter to beat him in his return. In the rematch he infamously bit a part off of Holyfields ear. Tyson also fought Lennox Lewis, who beat him, too. He retired from boxing in 2005.

Mike Tyson refereed one match at WrestleMania 14 and later on wrestled in a tag-team match on WWE Raw where he betrayed his partner, Chris Jericho. For these efforts, he was inducted in the WWE Hall of Fame in 2012. He has his a video game called Mike Tyson's Punch Out! named after him. Inducted to the International boxing hall of fame in 2011.

He converted to Islam and became a Muslim he adopted the name Malik Abdul Aziz; other sources reported this name as Malik Shabazz.


Cleveland

Cleveland is a city in northern Eastern Ohio, United States. It is home to over 400,000 people. It was named for General Moses Cleaveland in 1796, but according to legend a mistake in a local newspaper left out the first "a" in its name, which is why it is spelt like it is today. Its metropolitan area makes it the largest urban division in the state. 

During the 19th century, Cleveland's location at the mouth of the Cuyahoga River and Great Lakes port helped make it an important industrial center of the central United States. During World War II, the city became a center of manufacturing and industry, but deindustrialization caused a decline after that. Cleveland had a major revival in the 1980s and 1990s: The Playhouse Square theaters were restored, new skyscrapers like the BP Building and the Key Tower were built, new stadiums were built, and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame was opened on the lakefront. After a smaller decline in the 2000s, Cleveland has begun to make another comeback. 

Cleveland is home to the Great Lakes Brewing Company and Cleveland Orchestra.

Many professional sports teams make their home in or near Cleveland. They include the Cleveland Indians, who play baseball; the Cleveland Browns, who play football; and the Cleveland Cavaliers, who play basketball. Both the Indians and the Cavaliers have their games at the Gateway District in Downtown while the Browns have a stadium on the shores of Lake Erie. The city's sports teams are known for from the 1964 NFL Championship Game to the 2016 NBA Finals. The city also hosted the Cleveland Grand Prix IndyCar race until 2008.

In the past, Cleveland's economy relied on steel mills and manufacturing. Both are still a major part of the city today, but heavy industry in the area is much smaller than it once was. The city is known today for being a big center for medicine and medical technology, and the Cleveland Clinic is one of the most important hospital systems in the country.

Some major large companies are headquartered in the city, including Sherwin Williams Paint, Cliffs Natural Resources, and Key Bank.

Cleveland is a big center for the performing arts, and is the home of Playhouse Square, the second largest theater district in the United States (the largest is Lincoln Center). The complex was built in the 1920s, and after being closed down were restored and reopened in the 1980s.

The Cleveland Orchestra is considered one of the world's finest, and is one of the "Big Five" in the United States. It plays at Severance Hall, in the University Circle neighborhood. It has a major rock music scene, and is home to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, which is located on the lake in a building designed by IM Pei, a famous architect.

A diverse city, it has vibrant Italian, Irish, African American, Polish, Hungarian, Slovak, Czech, Puerto Rican, Romanian, Jewish, Croatian, and Greek communities, among many others.


Against

Against can mean:


Dentition

Dentition is the development of teeth and where the teeth are in the mouth. Almost all mammals have up to four different types of teeth: incisors, canines, premolars, and molars. Animals that have different types of teeth are called "heterodont". If they do not, they are called "homodont".

In mammals, the young have a set of primary teeth (milk teeth) that fall out after a few years. When they fall out, adult teeth grow in. Animals that have milk teeth and adult teeth are called diphyodont.

Dentition is important in archaeology. Dentition is used to study human migration. Tooth enamel contains trace elements which show where they grew.




Plectrum

A plectrum or pick is a small object used to play certain types of string instruments. The plectrum is held in the hand and used to pluck a string. This makes a hard, metallic, "twangy" sound. The instruments most commonly plucked include the guitar, lute and mandolin. The strings of a harpsichord are also plucked, although the plectra in this instrument are called "jacks". They pluck the string when the player presses a key down.

Danny Barker

Danny Barker (January 13, 1909 – March 13, 1994) was a New Orleans jazz singer-songwriter and musician.

Charlie Christian

Charles Henry "Charlie" Christian (July 29, 1916 – March 2, 1942) was an American jazz guitarist. Christian is best known as one of the first famous guitarists to play the electric guitar. He is also remembered as one of the first musicians to help create the styles of jazz music known as ""bebop"" and ""cool jazz."" 

Christian first gained fame as a member of the Benny Goodman Orchestra. He played with Goodman from August 1939 to June 1941. He was very good at playing many notes up and down on a sinle guitar string. By playing his guitar through an amplifier his guitar solos made the guitar very loud in the band.

Christian died in March 1942 when he was only 26 years old. He had been sick with tuberculosis for several years before he died. 

Even though he was jazz guitarist who died before the music style rock and roll was started, he was still a large influence on rock and roll musicians. It was because of this that in 1990 Charlie Christian was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame even though he had never played rock and roll music.

Charles Henry Christian was raised in Oklahoma City in the American state of Oklahoma. In 2006 Oklahoma City renamed a street to ""Charlie Christian Avenue."" There is also a yearly jazz music festival in Oklahoma City which is named after Charlie Christian.

Franco Cerri

Franco Cerri (January 29, 1926 – October 18, 2021) was an Italian jazz guitar player.

Cerri was seen as the most authoritative Italian guitarist in the jazz field, and his innate sympathy has meant that many viewers, seeing its shares on TV (especially in the 60s), come close to jazz, and studying guitar.
Much appreciated at the international level, has worked with notable musicians such as Django Reinhardt, Gorni Kramer, Chet Baker, Gerry Mulligan, Billie Holiday, Stéphane Grappelli, Lee Konitz, Dizzy Gillespie, Tullio De Piscopo, Pino Presti, Jean-Luc Ponty.

Cerri died on 18 October 2021 in Milan, Italy, at the age of 95.


Eddie Condon

Albert Edwin "Eddie" Condon (November 16, 1905 – August 4, 1973) was a Chicago jazz/big band rhythm guitarist.

Al Di Meola

Al Laurence Di Meola (born July 22, 1954) is a Jazz fusion guitarist. He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey.

White House

The White House is the official residence and workplace of the president of the United States and the first family. It is located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington, D.C., and it has been the residence of every U.S. president since John Adams in 1800.

President George Washington occupied two private houses in New York City as the executive mansion. He lived at the first, known as the Franklin House and owned by the Treasury Commissioner through late February 1790. 

The executive mansion moved to the larger quarters of the Alexander Macomb House at 39–41 Broadway where he stayed, with his wife and a small staff until August 1790.

In May 1790, New York began construction of a proper house for the presidential mansion, Government House. Washington never used the mansion because it was not completed until after the national capital was moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in December 1790.

The July 1790 Residence Act designated the capital be permanently located in the new Federal District, and temporarily in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for ten years while the permanent capital was built. 

Philadelphia rented the mansion of the wealthy merchant Robert Morris at 190 High Street as the President's House, which Washington occupied from November 1790 to March 1797. Since the house was too small to accommodate the thirty people who made up the presidential family, staff, and servants, Washington had it enlarged.

President John Adams also occupied the High Street mansion from March 1797 to May 1800. On Saturday, November 1, 1800, he became the first president to occupy the White House.

In 1814, during the War of 1812, the mansion was set on fire by the British Army in the Burning of Washington. Some of the soldiers who burned it were former slaves who had run away to fight with the British. The fire destroyed the inside of the house and charred much of the outside and reconstruction began almost immediately. 

President James Monroe moved into the partially reconstructed house in October 1817. Construction continued with the addition of the South Portico in 1824 and the North in 1829.

Today the group of buildings housing the presidency is known as the White House Complex. It includes the central Executive Residence flanked by the East Wing and West Wing. The Chief Usher coordinates day to day household operations. 

The White House includes six stories and 55, of floor space, 132 rooms and 35 bathrooms, 412 doors, 147 windows, twenty-eight fireplaces, eight staircases, three elevators, five full-time chefs, a tennis court, a bowling alley, a movie theater, a jogging track, and a swimming pool. The White House receives up to 30,000 visitors each week.

The original residence is in the center. Two colonnades, one on the east and one on the west designed by Jefferson, now serve to connect the East and West Wings added later. The Executive Residence houses the president's dwelling, as well as rooms for ceremonies and official entertaining. 

The State Floor of the residence building includes the East Room, Green Room, Blue Room, Red Room, State Dining Room, Family Dining Room, Cross Hall, Entrance Hall, and Grand Staircase. The Ground Floor is made up of the Diplomatic Reception Room, Map Room, China Room, Vermeil Room, Library, the main kitchen, and other offices. 

The second floor family residence includes the Yellow Oval Room, East and West Sitting Halls, the White House Master Bedroom, President's Dining Room, the Treaty Room, Lincoln Bedroom and Queens' Bedroom, as well as two additional bedrooms, a smaller kitchen, and a private dressing room. The third floor consists of the White House Solarium, Game Room, and a Linen Room.

The West Wing holds the Oval Office and offices of his senior staff, with room for about 50 employees. It also includes the Cabinet Room, where the president conducts business meetings and where the Cabinet meets, as well as the White House Situation Room, James S. Brady Press Briefing Room, and Roosevelt Room.

The East Wing, which contains additional office space, was added to the White House in 1942. Among its uses, the East Wing has intermittently housed the offices and staff of the first lady and the White House Social Office. Rosalynn Carter, in 1977, was the first to place her personal office in the East Wing and to formally call it the "Office of the First Lady". The East Wing was built during World War II in order to hide the construction of an underground bunker to be used in emergencies. The bunker has come to be known as the Presidential Emergency Operations Center.

The White House and grounds cover just over . Before the construction of the North Portico, most public events were entered from the South Lawn, the grading and planting of which was ordered by Thomas Jefferson. Jefferson also drafted a planting plan for the North Lawn that included large trees that would have mostly obscured the house from Pennsylvania Avenue. 

During the mid-to-late 19th century a series of ever larger greenhouses were built on the west side of the house, where the current West Wing is located. During the Kennedy administration, the White House Rose Garden was redesigned by Rachel Lambert Mellon. 

The Rose Garden borders the West Colonnade. Bordering the East Colonnade is the Jacqueline Kennedy Garden, which was begun by Jacqueline Kennedy but completed after her husband's assassination. Michelle Obama planted the White House's first organic garden and installed beehives on the South Lawn of the White House, which will supply organic produce and honey to the first family and for state dinners and other official gatherings.

https://www.whitehouse.gov/about-the-white-house/the-grounds/the-white-house/

https://www.whitehouse.gov/about-the-white-house/


George Carlin

George Denis Patrick Carlin (May 12, 1937 – June 22, 2008) was an American actor, writer, comedian and writer. He was known for his dark comedy and jokes about politics, the English language, psychology, religion, and taboo. 

Carlin was born and raised in Manhattan, New York City. Carlin said that he started to appreciate effective use of the English language because of his mother, though they had a difficult relationship and he often ran away from home. He grew up on West 121st Street in the Morningside Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, which he and his friends called "White Harlem" because it "sounded a lot tougher than its real name". 

His mother had a television, which was a rare and new technology at the time, and Carlin became a fan of the late-night talk show "Broadway Open House" during its short run.

Carlin joined the U.S. Air Force and trained as a radar technician. During his time in the Air Force, he had been court-martialed three times and received many nonjudicial punishments and reprimands. 

The first of Carlin's 14 stand-up comedy specials for HBO was filmed in 1977. From the late 1980s, his performances were focused on sociocultural criticism of American society. 

Carlin acted in movies including "Jersey Girl", "Dogma", "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure" (and its sequel), "Scary Movie 3", and Disney's "Tarzan 2". He also narrated the children's television series "Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends" from 1984 to 1995 (Actor Alec Baldwin later took over the role in 1998), and Portrayed Mr. Conductor on "Shining Time Station".

He was known for his "seven dirty words" routine. The routine was about seven words people should not say in the media. (The list was ironically used by many radio stations, as a guide to what kind of language was not allowed.) Comedy Central called Carlin one of the greatest stand-up comedians. 

Carlin married Brenda Hosbrook on June 3, 1961, together they have a daughter named Kelly. They remained married until her death in 1997, just a few day's before Carlin's 60th birthday. Carlin then married Sally Wade on June 24, 1998, the married lasted until Carlin's death in 2008.

Carlin had a history of heart problems. He had several heart attacks. He died of heart failure in Santa Monica, California at age 71.






Portuguese language

Portuguese () is a Romance language. It came from Galician-Portuguese, which was first spoken in Northwestern Iberia. It then spread south and split. During the colonial era, Portuguese was also spread to Brazil and other parts of the world.

The Portuguese language is the third-most spoken western language (after English and Spanish). There are about 240 million native speakers, including the people of Portugal, Brazil, and Cape Verde ("Cabo Verde"). It is also an official language of Guinea-Bissau, Cape Verde, Angola, Mozambique ("Moçambique"), Equatorial Guinea, and São Tomé and Príncipe ("São Tomé e Príncipe"), which have Portuguese as the "lingua franca," but native languages are also spoken. It is also an official language in East Timor and Macau.

Also, some enclaves in Asia, such as Goa and Daman and Diu, in India; Flores, Indonesia; and Malacca, Malaysia, have Portuguese-speakers, and it is a minority language in Venezuela, Canada, Uruguay, Namibia, Romania, Moldova, Turkey, and the United States.

Portuguese and English have words that mean the same and are similar as well. The words came from the same languages (usually Latin, Greek or Arabic).


Some English words come from Portuguese, such as tank ("tanque"), cacao ("cacau"), marmalade (marmelada from "marmelo" "quince"), caramel, molasses, mosquito, cobra, breeze (brisa), albino, coconut, zebra, pagoda, Mandarin, buccaneer, fetish, tapioca and commando.

The Portuguese word "parentes" is similar to the English word "parents", but it means "relatives", and the Portuguese word to mean "parents" is "pais".


Portuguese is the official language of all countries of the CPLP ("Comunidade dos países de língua portuguesa", "Community of Portuguese Language Countries"). The Portuguese-speaking countries have more than 240 million people across the world.
The CPLP was formed in 1996 with seven countries: Portugal, Brazil, Angola, Cape Verde, Guinea-Bissau, Mozambique, and São Tomé and Príncipe. East Timor joined in 2002.

The CPLP nations speak Portuguese with different accents. In some regions of Brazil (the country has 81% of the world's Portuguese-speakers), "tu"'("you" but used only to family and close friends) is not used as much as in Portugal. Also, regional slang can be found in different areas. The Portuguese Orthographic Agreement of 1990 (Acordo Ortográfico de 1990) tries to get rid of some of the differences in spelling.


Hurricane Katrina

Hurricane Katrina was one of the deadliest hurricanes to ever hit the United States and the second Category 5 hurricane of the record-breaking 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. 

The storm formed over the Bahamas on August 23, where it moved west and hit south Florida as a Category 1 hurricane two days later. Katrina then crossed over Florida and strengthened into a Category 5 hurricane moving west in the Gulf of Mexico. 

The storm then turned north, had an eyewall replacement cycle, and hit east Louisiana and Mississippi, flooding coastal areas on the morning of August 29. 

The leftovers of Katrina then died out over the Great Lakes on August 31.

80% of New Orleans was flooded when the levees protecting the city broke. Most of the people killed by Katrina were thought to have died from drowning. Many of the survivors had swum to higher roofs or tree branches.



Carlos Fuentes

Carlos Fuentes (11 November 1928 – 15 May 2012) was a Mexican novelist, essayist, screenwriter, and diplomat. 

Fuentes was born in Panama City, Panama. His father was a Mexican diplomat, and while Fuentes was growing up, the family moved to different countries in South America and then to the United States. 

He got a degree in law from the National Autonomous University of Mexico, but instead of being a lawyer, he chose to be a diplomat and writer. He published his first novel, called "La región más transparente" ("Where the Air Is Clear" in English) in 1958. From 1975 to 1977, Fuentes was Mexico's ambassador to France. He died in Mexico City, Mexico from a haemorrhage.

Bass guitar

A bass guitar (also called an electric bass or bass) is a string instrument which is related to the electric guitar. The bass guitar is shaped like an electric guitar, but it is bigger and longer than an electric guitar. The bass guitar has many of the same parts as a normal electric guitar. However, the bass guitar produces lower tones than the electric guitar.

The bass guitar is used to play low musical sounds called "bass lines" in many styles of music such as rock, pop, country, jazz fusion and many more.

The idea for the bass guitar was first made in the 1930s by inventor Paul Tutmarc in Seattle, Washington. However, very few musicians were interested in the instrument that Tutmarc made. The need for a new instrument developed in the 1950s. At that time, the double bass was the main bass instrument used in jazz, blues, folk, early rock music and bluegrass. The problem was that the double bass was big, heavy, hard to carry around, hard to play precise notes on, and it was hard to make it louder with a bass amplifier. Musicians wanted a smaller instrument that weighed less and was easier to play and amplify. Inventors tried to think of ways of building a smaller and lighter bass instrument. One of these inventors was a man named Leo Fender in the United States. Leo Fender developed a bass guitar in the 1950s using the ideas developed by Tutmarc.

Leo Fender used many parts for the bass guitar that are similar to the parts of an electric guitar. Leo Fender called the instrument the "Fender Precision Bass". He used the word "Precision" in the name because his instrument had metal frets on the neck. The double bass did not have frets on its neck. The frets on the bass guitar made it easier for musicians to play precise notes. The bass guitar developed by Leo Fender became very popular. In the 2000s, many bass guitars are still designed to look like his Fender Precision Bass.

Bass guitars are normally made out of wood. The main pieces are the body, neck, fingerboard, frets, and strings. The body is made out of wood. A wooden neck is glued or bolted onto the body. A wooden fingerboard is then glued onto the neck. Thin metal strips called frets are glued onto the fingerboard. The frets are placed at specific places along the fretboard, with each fret representing one half step in the Western tonal scale.

At the bottom of the body is an assembly called the bridge, a large metal assembly into which one end of the strings are fitted. On some designs, the strings are fasted through the back of the body into the bridge; on others, the strings fit into the front side of the bridge. In some basses, there is a cavity inside the back of the body that contains the electrical parts of the bass. These are usually called active basses. The bridge often has adjustments that allow the height of the strings to be changed. Other components found on the body include one or more pickups and various knobs or switches that control the sound of the bass.

The pickups are magnetic devices that sit below the strings. As the strings vibrate, an electrical signal is produced which is sent via an instrument cable to an amplifier. Pickups are either "passive", which means they send the signal with no additional amplification, or "active", which process the signal through a pre-amplifier. Some basses have pickups that can be set to passive or active mode. Basses that have two pickups (generally referred to as bridge and neck pickups) often have a switch that lets the player select neck-only, bridge-only, or a blended signal. Each pickup may have different tonal qualities that results from its placement relative to the bridge and its components.

At the other end of the fretboard from the body sits the headstock, which generally holds the tuners that lets the player adjust the tuning of the strings. At the very end of the fretboard, where the strings pass from the fretboard to the tuners, there is a nut, a piece made of metal, plastic, or animal bone, with grooves to hold the strings off the fretboard.

Inside most fretboards is a long metal rod, called a truss rod, that is used to adjust the tension on the neck. The neck is slightly concave, which allows the strings to clear all frets without "buzzing." The amount of bow, along with adjustments made on the bridge, will determine the height of the strings along the fretboard.

The scale of an electric bass - the length of the strings from the nut to the bridge - is generally 34 inches (84 centimeters), although shorter and longer basses are produced. In earlier decades, short-scale basses were more common, since many designers adapted guitar parts for early models. Because in some styles of music, such as heavy metal, the strings are tuned down, longer scaled basses are sometimes favored for such styles, as string tension is higher with a longer scale which balances the lower tension from the lower tuning. 

Standard bass guitars have four metal strings, but models with five, six or eight strings are also made. The strings themselves are made in different ways and with different materials to change their tonal qualities.

In the 1960s and 1970s some musicians took the frets off their bass guitars. This changes the sound of the bass, particularly as the player slides their fingers along the strings. A bass guitar without frets is called a fretless bass guitar. For example, Pino Palladino played a fretless bass during the 1980s. He was a session musician, playing for high-profile musicians like Eric Clapton and David Gilmour. While fretless basses are often used in jazz and jazz fusion, bassists from other genres use fretless basses, such as metal bassist Steve DiGiorgio and Colin Edwin of modern/progressive rock band [Porcupine Tree].

The standard design for the electric bass guitar has four strings, generally tuned E, A, D and G (low to high). It is not uncommon for players to tune strings to a lower pitch, particularly in styles, such as heavy metal, that favor deeper sounds. Five string basses add a lower string, usually tuned to B, while six-string-basses add an additional higher string tuned to C alongside the low B string. In standard tunings, each string is tuned a perfect fourth interval above the next lower string (e.g. E to A).

Sounds are produced from the strings in a number of ways. The most common form of playing is called fingerstyle, in which the player plucks the fingers upwards with the ends of the fingers. It is common to use the index and middle fingers as the plucking fingers, but players may use more fingers or even employ their thumb to pluck downwards. Other finger-based techniques include slap-and-pop, in which the player strikes the lower-pitched strings firmly with their thumb, and pulls higher-pitched strings upwards and lets them snap against the fretboard, and tapping, in which the player hammers downward with their fingertips on the fretboard.

Picks made of metal or plastic may also be used, and yield a sharper sound than plucking with fingers. Picking is sometimes combined with muting techniques to create distinctive sounds.

The bridge of the bass guitar may be fitted with a tremolo, which enables the player to vary the pitch of their strings while playing.

Where the strings are struck relative to bridge changes to the tone of the sound considerably. Plucking or picking close the bridge generally produces a more muted note, while sounding the string closer to the neck produces a fuller, more resonant tone.

Bass guitars also have magnetic pickups mounted on the body underneath the strings. A musician plucks the strings with their fingers. This makes the strings vibrate. The magnetic pickups detect the vibrations. Then the vibrations from the strings are converted into an electronic signal which is sent with a metal cable to an electronic amplifier and a loudspeaker. The musician rotates a volume control knob that is located on the body of the bass to make the sound louder or quieter.

Saint Anna

Saint Anna is the mother of Virgin Mary and the grandmother of Jesus. Her husband is Saint Joachim. Her name is a version of the Hebrew name Hanna. Anna means grace. Her contribution to Christianity and devotion to God is what makes her stand out.

According to tradition, Joachim went to a temple to pray, but was not allowed in because he did not have a child. Anna heard, prayed, and sacrificed. She promised God that she would bring up a child in God's name. An angel came to Anna and Joachim and told them that God would grant her a baby. Anna had the baby soon after and named the girl Mary. Anna kept her promise. When Mary was about three years old Joachim and Anna brought her up in the Second Temple.

Once, as Anna prayed beneath a laurel tree near her home in Galilee, an angel appeared and said to her, "Anna, Anna, the Lord has heard your prayer, and you shall conceive, and shall bring forth; and your seed shall be spoken of in all the world." Anna replied, "As the Lord my God lives, if I beget either male or female, I will bring it as a gift to the Lord my God; and it shall minister to Him in holy things all the days of its life." This is how Anna became the mother of the Blessed Virgin Mary.

The feast (name) day of St. Anna and St. Joachim is July 26.

Nepal

Nepal () is a country in South Asia between India and China. Mount Everest, the highest mountain in the world, and the central Himalaya Mountains are in Nepal. 12 of the world's highest mountain peaks are in Nepal. It is also the birthplace of Buddha. It has recently become a secular country, but before it was the only Hindu Kingdom in the world. Nepal is a very important pilgrimage place for both Hindus and Buddhists. The population of Nepal in 2021 was almost 29 million people.
Nepali is the official language of the country, but there are many other regional languages in Nepal. Many people in Nepal understand English and Hindi as well. The capital city of Nepal is Kathmandu, which has a population of over 1.4 million people. The second-largest city is Pokhara. Pokhara is a major tourist attraction of Nepal which is rich in natural beauty. Pokhara includes many lakes, Phewa Tal is one of them.

Nepal is a landlocked country, which means it is not next to any ocean, and it is surrounded by India and China. Eight of the ten tallest mountain peaks in the world, including Mount Everest, are in Nepal. Mount Everest is on the border Nepal shares with China. Nepal is a little smaller than Illinois and Bangladesh, but a little bigger than Kyrgyzstan. It also has the second-highest average elevation in the world at (10,715 ft), only behind Bhutan.

Nepal used to be an agricultural country until 1950. Since 1951 it entered the modern era and has made progress. Agriculture, however, is still a major economic activity. 80% of the people do agricultural works and it provides 37% of GDP. Only about 20% of the total area is cultivable while another 33% is covered by forest. Most of the remaining land is covered by mountains. Rice and wheat are the main food crops. The lowland Terai region produces a high amount of agricultural products. A part of those products is supplied to the hill areas, which produces less.

China is the 2nd largest exporter to Nepal, but its imports from Nepal are zero. This burdens Nepal's monetary stability and monetary balance. India is the largest buyer of Nepal's goods.The yearly monsoon rain, or lack of it, strongly influences economic growth. From 1996 to 1999, real GDP growth averaged less than 4%. The growth rate recovered in 1999, rising to 6% before slipping slightly in 2001 to 5.5%. Nepal has 1/3 of its trade with India.

The people of Nepal belong to two main groups; Indo-Aryan group and Tibeto-Burman group. Indo-Aryans are mostly Hindus and Sikhs and they celebrate Hindu and Sikh festivals like Dashain, Tihar, Vaisakhi, Gurpurabs, Maghi, Hola, Bandi Chhor diwas, Teej, Magh Sankranti, Krishna Janmastami, Holi, Janai Purnima, Matatirtha Aunsi, Chhath, etc. Tibeto-Burmans are Buddhist and they celebrate Lhosar, Buddha Jayanti, etc.

Modern education in Nepal started with the opening of the first school in 1853. This school was only for the members of the ruling families and their courtiers. Schooling for the general people began only after 1951. It was when a popular movement ended the autocratic Rana family regime and started a democratic system. In the past 50 years, there has been a big expansion of education facilities in the country. As a result, adult literacy (age 15+) of the country was reported to be 48.2% (female: 34.6%, male: 62.2%) in the Population Census, 2001, up from about 5% in 1952–54. In the beginning in 1951, there were about 300 schools and two colleges with around 10,000 students. Now, there are more than 26,000 schools (including higher secondary), 415 colleges, five universities, and two academies of higher studies. In total, 5.5 million students are studying in those schools and colleges who are taught by more than 150,000 teachers.
Despite such examples of success, there are many problems and challenges. Education management, quality, usefulness, and access are some of the major issues of education in Nepal. Social differences based on gender, ethnicity, location, economic class, etc. are still there in some places. Lack of resources has always been a problem in education. These problems have made the goal of education for all a challenge for the country.

Nepal has seven provinces. Each province has 8 to 14 districts. The districts have local units called municipalities.
The official calendar of Nepal is the Vikram Samvat, which is a Hindu calendar. Their new year begins in Baishakh, which is around mid-April. Nepal has 36 public holidays in the year. This makes Nepal the country with the most public holidays.

The national cuisine of Nepal is Dhindo and Gundruk. Dhindo is a type of dough that is served very hot. Gundruk is a dish with fermented green vegetables.

Association football is the most popular sport in Nepal. The Nepal national football team plays at Dasarath Rangasala Stadium in Tripureswar, Kathmandu, Nepal.

The national symbols of Nepal, according to the Interim Constitution, are:

King Prithvi Narayan Shah of Gorkha invaded the Kathmandu Valley in 1786 and unified Nepal. Before the unification, Nepal was ruled by various Kirats, Lichchavis, Thakuris and Mallas. The history mentioned that Kirats ruled Nepal during the 7th century BC. Though much was not known about Kirats, the Lichchavi dynasty ruled after them. Lichchavi rule lasted from the 2nd to 9th century AD. After Lichchavis, Nepal was ruled by the Thakuris who were followed by the Mallas for two centuries. Nepal was divided into many principalities and small kingdoms in the fifth centuries of Malla rule.

Jang Bahadur Rana the then Prime Minister of Nepal revolted against the royalty in 1844. The famous Kot Massacre took place during this period in which numbers of noblemen were killed. The Rana took absolute power but continued to maintain the Shah family in the palace. The 104 years regime of Ranas came to and end due to their autocratic rules.

In November 1950, King Tribhuvan restored democracy overthrowing the Rana regime with large number of Nepalese people support. He restored Shah Regime again in Nepal. After his death King Mahendra had ruled in Nepal from 13 March 1955 to 31 January 1972.

Birendra ruled Nepal from 31 January 1972 to 1 June 2001. He was known as one of the most noble and peaceful king of Nepal. The entire family of King Birendra was killed in June 2001 popularly Known as Royal Massacre 2001. Prince Dipendra was made King while he was on coma stage, later he died in hospital bed. After the death of Diepndra, Gyanendra Shah late King Birendra’s brother became the King of Nepal.

King Gyanendra Shah was dethroned in 2006 after a decade long People’s revolution led by communist party of Nepal (Maoist) and several weeks protest by major political parties. After that, Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal was established.



Zagreb

Zagreb is the capital city and the largest city of the country of Croatia. It has a population of 792.000 people and its metropolitan area (Zagreb County, Krapina-Zagorje County and Sisak-Moslavina County) has a population of 1.2 million (2005).

The first mention of the name Zagreb appeared in 1094.

Zagreb is officially twinned with the following towns and cities:


Swedish

Swedish might mean:


Swedish krona

The Swedish krona is the currency of Sweden. The country of Sweden has used this money since 1873. In the English language, the Swedish krona means the Swedish Crown. The Swedish crowns consist of:


This is all the Swedish money there is.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Not in use since:
<nowiki>**Not known when ended.</nowiki>

<nowiki>***</nowiki>Been used earlier and later reintroduced

On December 18 2008, the Swedish Riksbank asked to phase out the 50 öre, the final öre coin, by 2010. Note, however that the öre would remain as a subdivision unit for electronic payments.

Exchange rate of Swedish kronor against the Euro
The krona stand to an average of ten crowns to one euro

The Riksbank decided on 17 February 2010, to recommend the parliament to allow it to issue a 2-krona coin and a 200-krona note, the latter a new denomination for the country. However it did not recommend replacing the 20-krona note with a coin. In 2015 the first ever 200-krona note saw its use and in 2016 the 2-krona coin was reintroduced having previously being used between 1876 and 1971.


Giant

In mythology, a giant is a type of very large human-like creature. The mythology and legends of many different cultures have mythological animals or monsters that look like very big, very strong humans. One example of a giant is the "gigantes" of Greek mythology.

Piedmont

Piedmont ( ; , ; Piedmontese, Occitan and , ) is a region in the northern part of Italy. The name means "foot of mountain" (Alps). The capital is Turin. Piedmont has 8 provinces within it.

In the north of Piedmont there is the country of Switzerland and the Italian region of Valle d'Aosta, in the east there are the regions of Lombardy and Emilia-Romagna, in the west there is France and in the south Liguria.

Piedmont was part of the Duchy of Savoy until the Italian unification of 1860 when the Duke of Savoy became King of Italy.

Piedmont is divided into 8 provinces:


Terry Fox

Terrance Stanley Fox (July 28, 1958 – June 28, 1981) was a Canadian athlete and activist. He is best known for The Marathon of Hope. This was a run across Canada (with the help of an artificial leg). It started on April 12, 1980 in St. John's, Newfoundland. He did the run to get people to donate money to cancer research. He lost one of his legs because of bone cancer when he was 18. He wanted to run until he got to Vancouver Island. To do this, he planned to run across the country. The goal of the run was to raise 1 million Canadian dollars for cancer research. It was later to raise one dollar for every person in Canada. 

Fox moved to Port Coquitlam, British Columbia in 1968. He played basketball and ran for his high school. After he had to get his leg removed, he kept running with a fake leg. Fox also played wheelchair basketball after this happened. 

Many people helped him during his run. He ran about the distance of a marathon every day. On August 31, 1980, near the town of Thunder Bay, Ontario, Fox's cancer spread to his lungs. He had to stop running. Fox died on , in New Westminster, British Columbia. He died a month before his 23rd birthday. 

In Canada, people think he is a hero. Every year, there is the Terry Fox Run. It is a run that gives money to cancer research. As of September 2022, the run has given over 850 million Canadian dollars to cancer research. 

Fox was made a Companion in the Order of Canada before he died. He is the youngest person to be a Companion. There is a statue of him in Ottawa (Canada's capital city), near Parliament Hill. Many schools are named after him, such as the high school he was a student at. He has been put on the Canadian $1 coin.

Terry Fox was born on July 28, 1958, in Winnipeg, Manitoba. His father worked for the Canadian National Railway. Fox had three siblings: an older brother named Fred, a younger brother named Darrell, and a younger sister named Judith. In 1966, they moved to Surrey, British Columbia. In 1968, they moved again to Port Coquitlam. The family stayed in Port Coquitlam.

Fox did not like losing. He would keep doing something until he won. Fox wanted to join his school's basketball team, but had trouble because he was short. His coach told him to do cross-country running. Fox started running, and practiced playing basketball. He got better at basketball, and won an award for it when he was in high school. Fox went to Simon Fraser University after high school. He studied how the human body moves, because he wanted to teach physical education. Fox was on a basketball team for the university.

On November 12, 1976, Fox was driving to Port Coquitlam when he crashed his car into a truck. He hurt his knee in the crash, but did not do anything about it until he stopped playing basketball in March. His knee started hurting more, so he went to a hospital. The doctors told him he had bone cancer in his knee. Fox thought that he got cancer because he hurt his knee in the crash. His doctors told him this was not true. He had to have his leg cut off. He also needed chemotherapy. Fox got a metal leg so he could still walk. He was able to walk three weeks after his leg was removed, and had to do chemotherapy for sixteen months.

In 1977, Rick Hansen asked Fox to join his wheelchair basketball team. Less than two months after learning how to play the sport, Fox played at the national championship for it. He won three national titles playing wheelchair basketball.

The day before he got cancer surgery, Fox read about a man named Dick Traum. Dick Traum was the first amputee to finish the New York City Marathon. The story inspired Fox, and he practiced running for fourteen months. He told his family he wanted to run a marathon, but he wanted to run much longer. Fox was mad because cancer research did not get very much money. He wanted to run across Canada to get people to give money to cancer research. The only person he told this to was his friend, Douglas Alward.

Fox had to run in a special way because of his leg. He had to do small jumps on his real leg for each step so his fake leg worked. Practicing running was painful because Fox had to run this way. He noticed that after 20 minutes of running, he got used to the pain and the running would hurt less.

On September 2, 1979, Fox ran in a 17-mile (27 km) road race in Prince George, British Columbia. He was the last one to finish the race. Many people cheered for him when he finished. After the race, he told his family he wanted to run across Canada. His mother told him not to, and he got mad. She later supported Fox's run. Fox wanted to get $1 million for cancer research. Later, he wanted to get $10 million, and then a dollar for every person who lived in Canada (24 million people).

In October 1979, Fox wrote a letter to the Canadian Cancer Society. He told them about what he wanted to do. He asked them to give him money so he could start the run. He told them that he was going to finish the run, even if he had to "crawl every last mile". The Cancer Society did not know if he was going to finish the run, but they supported him once a doctor said that he was able to run. The left ventricle of Fox's heart was larger than normal. Doctors told Fox about the risks of the run. They did not think his heart was a problem. They supported his run when he told them he was going to stop running if he had heart problems.

Fox wrote to many companies. He asked them for money so he could do the run. He also wrote letters asking for money for a fake leg he could use for running. The Ford Motor Company gave him a camper van, and Imperial Oil gave him fuel for it. Adidas gave him running shoes. Fox did not take money from companies that wanted him to advertise what they sold. He only wanted cancer research to get money from his run.

The Marathon of Hope started on April 12, 1980. Fox started it when he put his fake leg into the Atlantic Ocean, on the coast of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador. He also filled two bottles with water from the ocean. He wanted to keep one to remember the run, and pour the other into the Pacific Ocean when he finished in Victoria, British Columbia. Fox's friend, Douglas Alward, helped him by giving him food and driving the van. 

When he started the Marathon of Hope, Fox had to run through very bad weather. He ran through strong wind, rain, and snow before he got to Channel-Port aux Basques. The 10,000 people in the town cheered for him. They gave him $10,000. During the run, Fox got angry at people he thought were stopping him from running. He also got mad at Alward. Fox's brother, Darrell, joined them when they got to Nova Scotia. This was so Fox did not get mad at Alward as much.When he ran through Quebec, Fox had many problems because he could not speak French. Many people driving cars also tried to get him off the road. Fox got to Montreal on June 22. By the time he was in Montreal, people had given $200,000 to cancer research. The creator of Four Seasons Hotel and Resorts, Isadore Sharp, let Fox's group stay at his hotel and get food. He also said he was going to donate $2 for every mile Fox ran. Sharp got almost 1,000 other people to also do this. This was because Sharp's son died of cancer, so he wanted Fox to finish his run. The Canadian Cancer Society told Fox that more people would donate to cancer research if he got to Ottawa on Canada Day (July 1). He stayed in Montreal for a few more days to do this.
Fox came to Ontario on June 28. Many people were on the roads to cheer for him. The Ontario Provincial Police protected him with police cars while he ran. Even though it was very hot, he still ran 26 miles (42 km) every day. When he got to Ottawa, he met Pierre Trudeau, the Prime Minister of Canada. He was also honored at many sports games in the city. He did a kickoff (kicking the ball from the middle of the field to start a football game) at a Canadian Football League game. Fox was excited that he was being honored.

On July 11, Fox ran to Toronto. 10,000 people were cheering for Fox when he came into the city. Darryl Sittler, a National Hockey League player, gave him one of his hockey jerseys while he was running. The Cancer Society got about $100,000 on July 11. He threw the first pitch at a baseball game between the Toronto Blue Jays and Cleveland Indians. Bobby Orr, a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame, met Fox and gave him $25,000 for cancer research. Fox thought meeting Orr was the best part of the run.

Fox was getting more popular. The Cancer Society asked him to go to more events, and speak to more people. Fox tried to do as much as he could to raise money, even if it made him run more than he needed to. Newspapers like the "Toronto Star" started writing news about his personal life, which he did not like. Some newspapers wrote negative news about Fox, such as "The Globe and Mail" saying he was only running because a doctor did not give him the right diagnosis. Fox said this news was "trash".

Fox did not stop running during the Marathon of Hope, except for when he took the break in Montreal. He even ran on his 22nd birthday. He often had pain in his lower legs, and got cysts on the end of his right leg. He also got dizzy many times. At one point, his ankle hurt for a long time. Fox thought that he fractured it, but he ran for three days until he went to a doctor. The doctor told him it was tendonitis (an injury in the tendon), and that it could get better with painkillers. In late August, Fox said he was tired before he even started running each day. On September 1, outside Thunder Bay, Ontario, Fox stopped because he had pain in his chest. He kept running because people cheered him on. After running a few more miles, he still had chest pain, and had problems breathing. He asked Alward to drive him to a hospital. The next day, Fox told reporters that his cancer came back, and spread into his lungs. He ended the run early, after 143 days and 5,373 kilometres (3,339 mi). People wanted to run the rest of the marathon for Fox, but he told them not to. This was because he wanted to do it himself.

People gave $1.7 million (equal to $5.7 million in 2022) to cancer research by the time he stopped running. A week after the run ended, CTV did a telethon (a television fundraiser) for Fox and the Canadian Cancer Society. It ended after five hours, and it got $10.5 million (equal to $35.5 million in 2022). The governments of British Columbia and Ontario gave $1 million to the fundraiser to help cancer research. People kept giving money during the winter. By April, people had given $23 million (equal to $77.9 million in 2022).

In September 1980, Fox became a Companion of the Order of Canada. He is the youngest person to ever be a Companion. The Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia made him a member of the Order of the Dogwood. Fox won the Lou Marsh Award, which is an award given to Canada's best athlete every year.

Fox did chemotherapy many times, but his cancer kept growing. Pope John Paul II sent a letter to Fox. It said that he was praying for him. Doctors started doing new types of treatment to try and find something that would stop the cancer. He went back to the hospital on June 19, 1981 because he had pneumonia.

Fox went into a coma while he was in the hospital, and died on June 28, 1981. The Canadian government made all flags go to half-mast. This is done to honor somebody important who has died. 240 people went to his funeral in Port Coquitlam. The funeral was broadcasted on television. After he died, many Canadians gave more money to the Cancer Society.

While Fox was running, Isadore Sharp told him that he should make a run that people can do to give money to cancer. Fox liked the idea, but said that the run should not be a competition. The Cancer Society did not want there to be a run, because they thought that another fundraiser would mean people were going to give less money to other cancer fundraisers. Sharp and the Fox family did the fundraiser anyways. The first Terry Fox Run was on September 13, 1981. There is one every year.

Over 300,000 people went to the first Terry Fox Run. The first run made over $3.5 million, which was given to cancer research. People started doing Terry Fox Runs in other countries. In 1999, 60 different countries had Terry Fox Runs. They raised $15 million in 1999. The Terry Fox Run is the world's largest one-day fundraiser for cancer research. As of May 2022, over $850 million has been given to cancer research because of the Terry Fox Run.

Fox did not call himself disabled. He told a radio station that life was more "rewarding" since he lost his leg. His run helped change how Canadians look at disabled people. Fox's run also showed disability in a positive way. 

People have said that Fox's run has made the media focus on people with disabilities doing very large things, instead of looking at them do normal things. Others have also said the way the media showed Fox made it seem as if a disability was only a problem for the person with it, instead of it also being a problem based on how others look at people with disabilities.


Rick Hansen

Rick Hansen, CC, OBC (born August 26, 1957 in Port Alberni, British Columbia) is a Canadian athlete and activist. He was paralyzed in an accident at the age of 15. Inspired by his friend Terry Fox, who tried to run across Canada after losing a leg to cancer, he set out on a trip to travel around the world, in his wheelchair; it was called the "Man in Motion" tour. 
that tour went to help spinal cord injury research and paraplegic sports. He still works and does charity to raise money & awareness. Hansen was one of the torchbearers during the 2010 Winter Olympics.


Fin

A fin is a surface used to produce lift and thrust or to steer while traveling in water, air, or other fluid media. The word was first used for the limbs of fish, but it is now also used to mean other animal limbs and human-made devices.

The fins of fish are called:

Method

Method may mean:

Region

Region is a geographic term used in many ways in the different types of geography. In general, a region is a medium-scale area of land or water. It is smaller than the whole area of something (which could be, for example, the world, a nation, a mountain range, and so on). A climate zone is one kind of region. 

A region is larger than a specific location. It may be seen as a collection of smaller things (as in "the New England states") or as one part of a larger whole (as in "the New England region of the United States"). In some countries a region is a unit of local government.

Toothache

A toothache is a pain felt in a person's tooth, normally when the tooth is hurt. A tooth can be hurt by tooth decay caused by plaque or by an injury.

Icing (food)

Icing is a paste that is usually made from sugar. It is also called "frosting". It is put on cakes to add flavour. Many kinds of cake have icing, especially cakes made for special occasions like birthday cakes, wedding cakes and Christmas cake.

Kurdish

Kurdish might mean:


Romford

Romford is a town in east London. It is in the London Borough of Havering, England. It was first recorded as a town in 1153 in the "Red Book of the Exchequer". The name "Romford" means "wide ford". The stream that flows through it was only later called "the Rom River" after the town. 

In medieval times, this town was granted the right to have the only market for 6 2/3 miles around. This rule was used in the 1990s to stop a nearby town, Ilford, from opening a market nearby.. Romford had a brewery which now is an entertainment venue.

Maltose

Maltose (known as malt sugar) is a disaccharide (sometimes called di-glucose). It is formed from two glucose molecules joined at carbons 1 and 4. It is found in germinating seeds such as barley as they break down their starch stores to use for food.

Toolbox

A toolbox or toolkit is a box where a person stores tools. You can find them where people work with tools, like houses that are being built.

Some computer programs used to make other computer programs are also called toolboxes or toolkits (this is a metaphor).

Stone

A stone is a piece of rock. It is a mass of hard, compacted mineral. The word is often used to mean a small piece of rock.

The word "stone" also refers to natural rock as a material, especially a building material. Natural stones used as building material include granite, marble and sandstone. Manufactured, artificial products, such as concrete or clay bricks, are not stone.

Stone takes a while to heat up, and stays hot for a while. It does not conduct electricity well

Stone was one of the first materials used to make tools and buildings. It is a very sturdy material. It is less affected by weather than wood or brick. Depending on the type of rock, stone weathers away much more slowly. A stone in the river is reshaped by the water and sediment flowing around it.

Stones can be used as primitive weapons. A person can throw it at an enemy or animal, or use it to cause more damage in hand-to-hand combat.

A stone is larger than a grain of sand, gravel or pebbles. A boulder is a large rock or stone.


Hotspot (computers)

A hotspot is a place where computers with the ability for wireless connections can connect to the Internet. Wi-Fi hot spots can be found in some public areas, sometimes for free. Some local libraries, coffee shops, and restaurants offer hotspots. Some passenger vehicles have a traveling hotspot for their customers. Some communication companies also offer hotspots in many different places for their customers.

Winnipeg

Winnipeg () is the largest city of Manitoba, Canada. It is in the eastern prairie region of western Canada. It is often called the "Gateway to the West". Winnipeg is the seventh biggest city in Canada with a population of 705,244 people.

The name "Winnipeg" comes from the Cree word for "muddy waters." Winnipeg is at the place where the Red River and Assiniboine river join. That area is known as "The Forks".

Winnipeg has four professional sports teams. The teams are the "Winnipeg Blue Bombers" who play football, the "Winnipeg Jets" who play hockey, the Winnipeg Goldeyes who play baseball and the Winnipeg Alliance FC who play soccer. Winnipeg has four universities: the University of Manitoba, the University of Winnipeg, Canadian Mennonite University and University of St. Boniface.

Winnipeg is in a very flat part of Canada. Winnipeg has four rivers in it. These rivers are the Red River, the Assiniboine River, the La Salle River, and the Seine River. Winnipeg has floods in spring a lot because it is in a very flat area that gets a lot of snow and rain. In winter, Winnipeg is cold and gets a lot of snow. The hottest day in Winnipeg was in the year 1936, when it was 42 degrees Celsius. The coldest day in Winnipeg was in the year 1879, when it was -47 degrees Celsius.

The area that we now call Winnipeg was used by First Nations people for many thousands of years before people from Europe arrived. First Nations people used this area a lot. This area was important because it is where two rivers meet. First Nations peoples often moved around using the rivers on canoes (a small boat that is powered by people with paddles).

The first person from Europe to come to this area was an officer from France in the year 1738. This area was first used as a permanent settlement (place where people live) by European people in the year 1812. Winnipeg was incorporated (officially made into a city) in the year 1873. Winnipeg became big because trains brought money and people from other places along the railroads. After World War I, Winnipeg stopped getting bigger for a long time. After World War II, Winnipeg has been getting bigger again. In the year 1972, Winnipeg got bigger by adding other small cities nearby into one big city, and the new big city was also named Winnipeg.

Winnipeg has a downtown area in the middle of the city. The downtown area has many tall buildings. Downtown is a place where there are a lot of offices and stores. All around Winnipeg's downtown are residential neighbourhoods (places where people live).

There is a big road that goes all the way around the city. This road is called the Perimeter Highway. The two best known roads in Winnipeg are called Portage Avenue and Main Street. The place where these two roads meet is in the middle of Winnipeg's downtown area. Main Street goes from the middle of the city to the northern part of the city. Portage Avenue goes from the middle of the city to the western part of the city.

The mayor of Winnipeg makes decisions about the city in City Hall. Winnipeg's mayor is a man named Brian Bowman. City Hall is in downtown Winnipeg.

The provincial premier is a person who makes decisions about Manitoba. Manitoba is the province that Winnipeg is in. Manitoba's provincial premier is Brian Pallister. The premier makes decisions at the legislative building.


Kilobyte

A kilobyte (kB) is a number used to measure storage space on computer hard drives or computer memory. A kilobyte originally meant 1024 bytes. Over time the meaning changed and today it is often used to mean 1000 bytes. This created some confusion as a "kilo" normally means 1000. The International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) now defines a kilobyte as being 1000 bytes. According to the IEC, the correct name for 1,024 bytes is a kibibyte. This naming convention, however, never really caught on.

One thousand kilobytes make one megabyte.

Byte

A byte is a unit of measurement of the size of information on a computer or other electronic device. A single byte is usually eight bits. Some early computers used six bits for each byte. Bits are the smallest unit of storage on a computer, a single on/off value. Bytes are often represented by the capital letter B, bits by a lower case b.

A single typed character (for example, 'x' or '8') is stored in one byte. The character is held as a binary number which encodes a text character. To map each number to a character an agreed code such as EBCDIC or ASCII is needed. EBCDIC is a character encoding used mainly on mainframe computers. It uses 8 bits per byte. ASCII is another encoding that only uses seven bits. "Extended ASCII" uses 8 bits to give more types of characters, mostly used on personal computers.

The byte is the smallest useful unit of measure to show how many characters a computer (or electronics device) can hold. This is useful for things like RAM, or storage devices like USB drives and other types of Flash memory. Sending of data (for a modem or wi-fi) is usually measured in bits, not bytes.

On modern computers one byte is equal to eight bits. Some early computers used fewer bits for each byte. To tell them apart, computer scientists called an 8 bit byte an octet. In modern usage, an octet and a byte are the same.

The symbol for "byte" is "B". Sometimes a lowercase "b" is used, but this use is incorrect because "b" is actually the IEEE symbol for "bit". The IEC symbol for bit is bit. For example, "MB" means "megabyte" and "Mbit" means "megabit". The difference is important because 1 megabyte (MB) is 1,000,000 bytes, and 1 megabit (Mbit) is 1,000,000 bits or 125,000 bytes. It's easy to confuse the two, but bits are much smaller than bytes, so the symbol "b" should be used when referring to "bits" and an uppercase "B" when referring to "bytes".

For large data, byte is often used with a binary prefix:

The following terms represent even larger units of bytes, but are very rarely used:
The following terms represent even larger unofficial units of bytes. (They are likely to never be used in future computing):


According to the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC), who sets many computer standards, these charts show how bytes should be referred to.

People who refer to 1 kilobyte as 1,024 bytes, for example, are technically incorrect; 1,024 bytes should be referred to as 1 kibibyte, according to the IEC. However, using 1024 for kilo and 1048576 for mega, etc. was widely practiced before the IEC standards were set in 1998. There is some confusion and mixing of terms in the marketplace. Computer memory is still referred to in powers of 2, so 1KB of memory is 1024 bytes, whereas in computer data storage powers of 10 are used, so 1KB is 1000 bytes.

When using standard metric names like "kilo-", "mega-" and "giga-", they should follow the same measure that other metric measurements use, like kilometer (1 kilometer = 1,000 meters), or gigahertz (1 gigahertz = 1,000,000,000 hertz) for example.
Since computers are very complex digital devices that are based on the binary numeral system rather than the commonly-used decimal numeral system or binary coded decimal system, there are many situations where the standard metric system does not work well, particularly with memory sizes for a computer or storage device. If a memory or storage device uses a binary number for addresses, the number of different positions to be accessed (the size of the memory) can be expressed as a power of 2, rather than a power of 10. 

Subatomic particle

A subatomic particle is a particle smaller than an atom. This means it is very, very small. Like atoms and molecules, a subatomic particle is far too small to be seen with the eye. They are also very interesting to physicists who study atoms. The subatomic particles that make atoms: protons, neutrons, and electrons are the most commonly studied ones. The study of subatomic particles is called particle physics. 

These particles are often held together within an atom by one of the four fundamental forces (gravity, electromagnetic force, strong force, or weak force). Outside of the atom the particles often move very, very quickly- near the speed of light which is very, very fast (around 300,000 kilometres per second).

Subatomic particles are divided into two groups, Baryons and Leptons.

Baryons are made of quarks while Leptons are thought to be among the smallest particles, called elementary particles. Baryons have a given Baryon number. In reactions, the Baryon number must be conserved, meaning that the result must have the same amount of Baryons as the amount put in. Baryonic particles are made up of a combination of 3 of the six quarks, which are among the smallest particles. The six quark types are up, down (making up protons and neutrons, respectively), strange, charm, top, and bottom.

Leptons are generally much smaller than Baryons. This category includes electrons, Muons, Taus and neutrinos. Leptons are not made up of quarks and are not divisible. 

For every one of these types, there is also an antiparticle. Antiparticles have the same mass as their normal counterparts, except they have the opposite electric charge. Anti-matter and matter cannot exist near each other. Whenever matter and antimatter collide, they destroy each other with a huge release of energy equivalent to E=mc, where m is the combined mass of the particles, c is the speed of light, and E is the energy produced. These collisions often take place in large particle accelerators, where the energy can be converted the other way, into matter by the same equation. This can produce many odd, often heavy (large mass) particles that exist only for a short time.

Most of the particles discovered are created by accelerating particles and colliding them against others, creating huge showers of new subatomic particles which decay extremely quickly. However, because the particles are moving close to the speed of light, the laws of special relativity become important and time dilation occurs. This means that time passes slower for the particle, and they can travel (and be measured) over a longer distance than non-relativity science would predict.

Screen

A screen can be:


Breathing

Breathing is moving air in and out of the lungs. The air going in and out is called "breath". If a person cannot breathe, they will die.
Breathing helps people do two very important things:

When a person breathes in, they bring air into their lungs. Air has oxygen in it. The oxygen goes from the lungs into the person's bloodstream. When oxygen goes into the bloodstream, extra carbon dioxide comes out and goes into the lungs. This is called gas exchange: basically, oxygen and carbon dioxide are changing places. Oxygen is now in the bloodstream, which can carry that oxygen around to every part of the body. Also, carbon dioxide is now in the lungs, where it can be breathed out.

Adults breathe about 18 times a minute, which is more than 25,000 times a day. Children breathe even faster.

A part of the brainstem called the medulla oblongata controls breathing. Groups of neurons in the medulla tell the breathing muscles when to breathe in, when to breathe faster, and when to breathe slower.

The brainstem measures how much carbon dioxide is in a person's blood. If there is too much carbon dioxide, the medulla tells the body to breathe faster. This helps the person breathe out the extra carbon dioxide. Once the amount of carbon dioxide in the blood is normal again, the medulla tells the body to breathe slower again.

The body also measures the amount of oxygen in the blood. If there is not enough oxygen in the blood, the medulla will tell the body to breathe faster, to take in more oxygen. Once there is enough oxygen in the blood, the medulla will tell the body to breathe slower again.

For a person to breathe, certain muscles have to contract (get tighter) and relax at the right times. The special groups of neurons in the medulla tell these breathing muscles when to contract (which makes a person breathe in) and when to relax (which makes a person breathe out). There are a few main groups of muscles that control breathing.

The diaphragm is the main muscle that controls breathing. It is a sheet of muscle that runs along the bottom of the rib cage. When the diaphragm is relaxed, it is shaped like a dome (like a half circle). When the medulla tells the diaphragm to make the body breathe in, the diaphragm pulls down and straightens out. This creates more room inside the chest, and more room for the lungs to fill up with air. Air comes into the lungs (this is inhalation). When it is time to breathe out, the diaphragm relaxes again and air leaves the lungs.

About 60% - 70% of a person's ability to breathe comes from the diaphragm.

The diaphragm is controlled by a special set of nerves called the phrenic nerves. The medulla tells the diaphragm when to contract by sending messages through the phrenic nerves. Because the diaphragm is so important for breathing, the phrenic nerves are very well protected in the body. They are at the very top of the spinal cord, near the neck.

The intercostal muscles run between each rib. When a person needs to breathe in, these muscles contract and pull the ribs upward. This creates more room inside the chest for the lungs to fill.

When a person is resting, about 30% to 40% of their ability to breathe comes from the intercostal muscles.

The intercostal muscles are controlled by the intercostal nerves. The medulla tells the intercostals when to contract by sending messages through these nerves. The intercostal nerves are not as well protected as the phrenic nerves. The intercostal nerves run along the thoracic spine (which is in the upper to middle back) and connect to the intercostal muscles. This means that if a person injured their thoracic spine, they might not be able to use their intercostal muscles. They would then lose 30% to 40% of their ability to breathe. However, since the nerves that control the diaphragm are much farther up in the spine and better protected, the person would still be able to use their diaphragm to breathe. They would still have 60% to 70% of their ability to breathe.

Accessory muscles are muscles that a person uses only when they need extra help breathing. Sometimes this is normal. For example, if a person has just done a lot of exercise, they may need extra oxygen. The medulla will tell the accessory muscles to kick in, to make it easier for the person to lift their chest to create more room for the lungs to fill. The most important accessory muscles are the muscles in the chest, abdomen, and neck.

However, if a person has to use accessory muscles to breathe while they are resting, this is a sign that they are not getting the oxygen their body needs. They may need medication, extra oxygen given through a mask, or even emergency medical treatment to help them breathe normally. For example, people with asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) often use an inhaler when they have trouble breathing. The inhaler puffs a medicine like albuterol down into the windpipe and into the lungs. This makes the air passages wider and helps the person breathe better than they could before.


Laura Bush

Laura Lane Welch Bush (born November 4, 1946) is an American teacher and author. She was the first lady of the United States from 2001 to 2009 as the wife of the 43rd president of the United States, George W. Bush. Before becoming first lady, she was the first lady of Texas from 1995 to 2000 when her husband was governor.

Bush was born at Midland Memorial Hospital in Midland, Texas. She is the only child of Harold Bruce Welch and Jenna Louise Hawkins. Laura and George met and married in 1977. She is the mother of Barbara Pierce Bush and Jenna Bush Hager who were born in 1981. Before she became First Lady she worked as a librarian and a school teacher in Dallas and Austin, Texas.


Dijon

Dijon is a commune in France. It is the prefecture of the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region; it is also the prefecture (regional capital) of the region but the council of the region meets in Besançon.

It is the main city of the department and also the largest city of the region.

Dijon began as a Roman settlement called Divio. Saint Benignus (Saint Kelly), the city's patron saint, is said to have spread Christianity to the area before being killed. It was home to the Dukes of Burgundy from the early 11th century until the late 1400s and was a place of great wealth and power and one of the great European centers of art, learning and science.

Dijon is in the east of the department and in the centre of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Dijon to other cities are:

Dijon is surrounded by the "communes"ː

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Dijon is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The average temperature for the year in Dijon is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month, on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Dijon is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The inhabitants of Dijon are known, in French, as "Dijonnais" (women: "Dijonnaises").

With a population of 153,668, Nevers has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Dijon

Dijon forms, together with other 14 "communes", the urban area of Dijon with a population of 241,591 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Dijon, formed by 295 "communes", with a population of 382,590 inhabitants (2014) and an area of .

Dijon is a prefecture of the Côte-d'Or department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Dijon and the administrative centre () of six cantons:

Dijon is part of the intercommunality "Dijon Métropole".


Dijon is twinned with


Simon Rodia

Sabato "Simon" Rodia (1879–1965) was an Italian immigrant who lived in the United States in the district of Los Angeles, California, called Watts. Starting in 1921 and until 1954, he built the Watts Towers, from junk and things he found. Many people made fun of him and tried to vandalize (damage) the "towers". He did not like people making fun of him. In 1955 he moved away from Watts and never returned. The "towers" remained, and the site where he built them is now a national landmark.

Terry Southern

Terry Southern (May 1, 1924 – October 29, 1995) was an American writer. He was part of the Paris postwar literary movement in the 1950s. He was a friend to Beat writers in Greenwich Village in the 1960s. In the 1970s he made changes to the way movies were written. In the 1980s he wrote for "Saturday Night Live" and talked about screenwriting at several universities in New York.



1615

1615 was a common year.


Emeril Lagasse

Emeril Lagasse (born October 15, 1959) is an American celebrity chef. He is best known for his television program "Emeril Live", which airs on the Food Network. He hosts a Cooking Channel show named "Emeril's Florida". He also has several restaurants and wrote some cookbooks. He is also famous for his catchphrases "Bam!" and "Kick it up a notch!"

Hurricane Rita

Hurricane Rita was a powerful hurricane in the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. It hit the United States' Gulf Coast. At its peak intensity, it was a strong Category 5 storm with sustained winds of 175 miles per hour. It made landfall as a Category 3 storm, and caused more flooding in New Orleans, which already had weakened levees due to Hurricane Katrina. In addition, it caused large power outages.


Boeing 767

The Boeing 767 is a wide-body aircraft made and built by Boeing. The aircraft was developed on July 14, 1978, as a part of the 7X7 project. The first prototype flew on September 26, 1981. The aircraft was certified on July 30, 1982.

The aircraft started flying the 767-200 commercially on September 8, 1982 with United Airlines. They did not fly the 767-100 as it had close to the same seats as the Boeing 757. The 767-200ER, which has more range, started flying in 1984. The 767-300, which is a longer version, started flying in 1986. The 767-300ER, which has more range than the 767-300, started flying in 1988.

A cargo version, the 767-300F, started flying in 1995. It was made into the 767-400ER, which is longer.


Stephen King

Stephen Edwin King (born September 21, 1947) is an American writer from Maine. He writes scary horror novels. His books and stories have sold more than 300 million copies. He has written more than fifty novels, two hundred short stories, and nine collections of short fiction.

King's first novel, Carrie, was published in 1974. Many of his stories have been made into movies or television programs. The movies and programs include "The Shining", "The Shawshank Redemption", "The Green Mile", "Misery", "Pet Sematary", "It" (the miniseries) and the 2017 movie "It". 

King has written some of his books under the name "Richard Bachman". He collaborated with Peter Straub on others.

King's highest rated books (as rated by readers) include "Carrie", "The Shining", "The Stand", "Misery", "It", "Cujo", "The Dark Tower", "Under the Dome" and "Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption".

Stephen King was born in Portland, Maine. His mother's name is Nelie Ruth and his father's name is Donald Edwin King.
King and his wife Tabitha own three different houses. One house is in Bangor, Maine, one is in Lovell, Maine and one is in Sarasota, Florida. Stephen and Tabitha have three children and three grandchildren.


Baby

A baby is a human younger than about 1 or 2 years old.

Other terms can be used to describe the baby's stage of development. These terms do not follow clear rules and are used differently by different people, and in different regions. For example, "infant" may be used until the baby can walk, while some use "infant" until the baby is one year old. From birth until 3 months of age, a baby can be called a "newborn". Depending on how many weeks gestation at birth, newborns may be called premature, post-mature, or full term. The word "infant" comes from Latin: "infans" means "unable to speak". 

At birth, many parts of the newborn's skull are not yet converted to bone, leaving "soft spots". Later in the child's life, these bones join together naturally. A protein called noggin is responsible for the delay in an infant's skull fusion. During labour and birth, the infant's skull changes shape as it goes through the birth canal. Sometimes this causes the child to be born with a misshapen or elongated head. It will usually return to normal in a short time. 

Some religions have ceremonies that occur after a new baby is born, such as Baptism, which involves partly or fully covering the baby in water. After learning to walk, babies are often called toddlers, usually between one and three years of age. Sometimes, a woman's baby may die before or during its birth. Babies which have died in this way are called stillborn babies, or miscarried babies.


Cactus

A cactus is a kind of a plant adapted to hot, dry climates Plants which live this kind of life-style are called xerophytes. Most are succulents, which store water.

Cacti are members of the plant family Cactaceae, in the order Caryophyllales. There are about 127 genera, with over 1750 known species. "Almost all of them are native to the Americas", from Patagonia in the south to parts of western Canada in the north. The species "Rhipsalis baccifera" also grows in Africa and Sri Lanka.

Many cacti live in dry places, such as deserts. Most cacti have sharp thorns (stickers) and thick skin. There are many shapes and sizes of cacti. Some are short and round; others are tall and thin. Many cactus flowers are big and beautiful. Some bloom at night and are pollinated by moths and bats. Some cactus fruits are brightly coloured and good to eat: many animals eat cactus fruits.

Theophrastus was the first to use the word "cactus": It comes from Ancient Greek . Theophrastus used it for a spiny plant whose identity is not known for sure. Cacti are part of an important food chain in dry, hot climates. Now cacti have spread to many other parts of the world, and many people like to grow them in pots or gardens.

An adaptation is anything that helps a living thing survive and make more of its own kind. Cacti have many adaptations for living in places that are sometimes dry for a long time. At other times these places can get lots of rain.

Cacti can have many small, thin roots near the top of the soil. These roots take in water quickly after a rain. The same cactus may have one long, thick root called a taproot. The taproot grows deep in the soil. It can reach water when the soil on top is dry.

Cacti store water in thick stems. The stems are covered with tough skin, and the skin is covered with wax. The thick waxy skin slows down loss of water. The leaves of cacti are sharp spines (thorns, stickers). Many animals want the water inside the cactus, but the sharp spines and thick skin protect the cactus.

Cacti are commonly grown as houseplants. They are pretty and easy to grow. Some cacti are grown in gardens, especially in dry areas. Cactus can be used as a living fence. The wood of dead cactus is sometimes used for houses

People eat the fruit of some kinds of cactus, such as dragonfruit and prickly pear. "Dactylopius coccus" is a scale insect from which cochineal dye is got. This insect lives on cacti from the genus "Opuntia", feeding on moisture and nutrients in the cactus sap. The insect produces carminic acid, which deters predation by other insects. The carminic acid can be extracted from the insect's body and eggs to make the red dye.

The ancient Aztecs of North America held cactus to be very important. Cactus can be found in many of their sculptures and drawings. The national coat of arms of Mexico shows an eagle, a snake, and cactus.

Christopher Columbus brought the first cactus to Europe. Scientists and gardeners became very interested in cactus.

Prickly pear was taken to Australia in the 19th century for use as a natural fence and for use in the cochineal industry. The cactus spread out of control, but was controlled by the larva of a South American moth.

From the start of the 20th century interest in cactus has grown. Every year, scientists discover new kinds of cactus. A bad effect of this has been the digging up of many cacti from the wild, making some kinds endangered.

A cactus does not have leaves because it lives in dry places. Leaves transpire, and this can waste water. So, the cactus saves water by having no leaves. The green parts of the cactus are actually its stems. Because the stems are green, they do the photosynthesis for the cactus. They also grow prickly needles to protect the cactus from animals that want to eat it.
The family contains more than 100 genera. Some of them are:


Desert

A desert is an arid (dry) biome. They get less than of rainfall a year. It is "any region that can have a moisture deficit over the course of a year". In other words, they can have less rainfall in a year than they give up through evaporation".

Including the semi-arid regions, deserts may cover about 33% of the land on Earth. That includes much of Antarctica, where large areas get no snow at all. The largest hot desert is the Sahara desert, in northern Africa, covering nine million square kilometres.

Deserts land surfaces are varied. Examples are stones, sand dunes and snow. They may have some animals and plants. Deserts sometimes expand (desertification), and sometimes contract. 

Deserts are mostly in the western part of the Americas, Western Asia, Central and western Australia, Namibia and North Africa. Some, such as the Sahara, are very hot during the day and have cold nights, but there are also cold deserts such as the Atacama in South America which are frozen day and night.

Cold deserts can be found close to the poles. That is why they are also called polar deserts. Other regions of the world have cold deserts too, for instance high altitude areas like the Himalayas. These are called montane deserts. Antarctica is the world's largest cold desert. The second largest one is the Arctic desert, but that has started to warm up now.

Hot deserts are mostly in the subtropics. They can be covered by sand, rock, salt lakes, stony hills and even mountains. Most non-polar deserts are hot in the day and chilly at night. The temperature in the daytime can reach or higher in the summer, and dip to or lower at night time in the winter. The largest hot desert in the world is the Sahara in North Africa. It is almost as large as Europe or the United States.

The Atacama desert may not have had any significant rainfall from 1570 to 1971.

It may be the oldest desert on Earth. It has been a desert for at least three million years. It may be the oldest continuously arid region on Earth.

It does rain in the desert, but not often. One place in the Atacama Desert had no rain for 400 years. In other deserts it may rain every year or once every few years. Rains in a desert may bring a great amount of water to the ground in a short time. Some rain passes straight into the dry soil, but the rest may form a temporary river. Wadis, stream channels that are normally dry, can quickly fill after heavy rain, causing a flash flood. 

People sometimes bring water from wet places to hot deserts so plants can grow. This is called irrigation.

A sandstorm or dust storm arises when wind blows loose sand and dust from a dry surface. Clouds of sand or dust are often so dense that they blot out the Sun. A sandstorm can move whole sand dunes. Sandstorms are common in large, dusty deserts.

There are not many animals in the desert, but some animals are able to survive. They have different ways to survive the intense conditions of the desert. Examples of animals that live in hot deserts are lizards, small rodents, snakes, and camels. Plants and animals in hot deserts must live with very little water. 

Xerophytic plants which live in the desert have special adaptations. They may survive by growing roots that are very near the surface to absorb the rain that may fall before it evaporates. Plants such as the cactus have thick, fleshy stems that help them store water.

Small animals such as lizards and small rodents often escape the hot rays by digging underground burrows where they live. They only come out at night to search for food. Like the plants, desert animals must live on as little water as possible. Most of the water used by these animals comes from seeds and stems that absorb and hold water. Camels survive in hot deserts by storing water in body fat in their humps. Like other desert animals, the camel loses little water in its wastes (urine and feces).


Dessert

A dessert is a type of food that is eaten after lunch or dinner, and sometimes after a light meal or snack. It is usually a sweet food, like ice cream, cookies, and cakes. In some countries, cheeses such as Brie cheese and fruit are served as dessert. Some desserts are made from natural resources like fruit juice used in sherbet. Others are simple, like pudding and birthday cake. Many desserts are baked (cooked in an oven). Some desserts are served with whipped cream as a topping.

The term "dessert" can apply to many confections, such as biscuits, cakes, cookies, custards, gelatin's, ice creams, pastries, pies, puddings, sweet soups, and tarts. Fruit is also commonly found in dessert courses because of its naturally occurring sweetness. Some cultures sweeten foods that are more commonly savoury to create desserts.

Baked desserts are made by putting the ingredients in a hot oven. Baked desserts include cakes and muffins (a mixture of flour, eggs, sugar, oil, baking powder, and flavorings); sweet breads such as banana bread and raisin bread (a mixture of flour, sugar, oil, baking powder, and flavorings); cookies such as chocolate chip cookies (a mixture of flour, eggs, sugar, oil, and flavorings). Puddings and custards (a mixture of milk, eggs, sugar, and flavorings) can be made in the oven. 

Fried desserts are made using a cooking process called deep frying. To deep-fry food, a large pot filled with oil is heated, and then the food is placed into the pot. Deep-fried desserts include doughnuts.

Frozen desserts are made by blending the ingredients in a freezer. Frozen desserts include ice cream (a mixture of cream, milk, sugar, and flavorings), milk shakes (a mixture of ice cream, milk, and flavorings), and sherbet (also spelled "sorbet") (a mixture of water, sugar, and flavorings).

Some desserts are made without using the oven or the freezer. Trifle is an English dessert made by soaking ladyfinger biscuits in sherry, covering them with whipped cream, and then letting it chill in the refrigerator. Some types of instant pudding and instant mousse desserts can be made without cooking; a person simply mixes the instant pudding powder with milk and chills it in the refrigerator.


William Henry Harrison

William Henry Harrison (February 9, 1773 – April 4, 1841) was the 9th president of the United States. His nickname was "Old Tippecanoe" and he was a well-respected war veteran. Harrison served the shortest term of any United States president. His term lasted for exactly one month.

He was elected president in 1840, and took the oath of office on March 4, 1841. His inauguration speech lasted an hour and forty minutes. William Henry Harrison caught a serious case of pneumonia, and on April 4 that same year he died. He was the first president to die in office. Harrison was the oldest president to take office at , until it was outdone in 1981 by Ronald Reagan who assumed the presidency at the age of 69. He was the last president to be born before the United States Declaration of Independence.

His grandson was the 23rd president of the United States, Benjamin Harrison.

Harrison was born on February 9, 1773. He is the youngest of Benjamin Harrison V and Elizabeth Bassett's seven children. They lived in Berkeley Plantation at Charles City County, Virginia. He was the last president to be born as a British citizen before the American Independence. His father was a planter and a delegate to the Continental Congress (1774–1777) who signed the Declaration of Independence. He was Governor of Virginia between 1781 and 1784. His older brother Carter Bassett Harrison was elected a representative of Virginia in the United States House of Representatives.

In 1787, he attended the Presbyterian Hampden-Sydney College. He attended the school until 1790. Harrison was fluent in Latin and French.

In 1795, he met Anna Symmes. They had 10 children.

He took the oath of office on March 4, 1841 which was a cold and wet day. His inaugural address was the longest in American history.

Harrison's inaugural address was a detailed statement of the Whig agenda, mainly unclaimed honest of Jackson's and Van Buren's policies.

Harrison promised to reestablish the Bank of the United States and extend its maximum amount for credit by issuing paper currency (see Henry Clay).

Harrison is also regarded as the President with the shortest term in office, serving 30 days, 12 hours, and 30 minutes.

On March 26, 1841, Harrison became ill with a cold. His illness was believed to have been caused by the bad weather in the inauguration.

The cold was worsened, quickly turning to pneumonia and pleurisy. He tried to rest in the White House, but could not find a quiet room because of the crowd of office seekers. His very busy social schedule made it harder for time to rest.

Harrison's doctors tried cures of applying opium, castor oil, leeches, and Virginia snakeweed. But the treatments only made Harrison worse, and he became restless.

Harrison died on his 32nd day as president on April 4, 1841 at 12:30 am of pneumonia, jaundice, and septicima. He was the first president of the United States to die in office.

Harrison's funeral took place in Wesley Chapel in Cincinnati, Ohio on April 7, 1841. His original interment was in Congressional Cemetery in Washington, D.C.. He was later buried in North Bend, Ohio.


Viacom

Viacom (short for Video & Audio Communications) was an American entertainment company. It started in 1970 as Viacom International, the syndication division of CBS TV (which they once owned). In 2005, Viacom split into two companies: the original company was renamed CBS Corporation, and a new company keeping the Viacom name was created. They own Paramount Pictures, MTV, Nickelodeon, Nick Jr., and others. They formerly owned the movie rental giant Blockbuster Entertainment.

In 2019, Viacom and CBS were merged together. This created ViacomCBS, a combination of the two companies. The merger was finished on December 4, 2019. They have also launched a streaming service called CBS All Access, which includes their library of movies and TV shows, along with original content.

Uniform Resource Locator

Uniform Resource Locator (URL) is another name for a web address. URLs are made of letters, numbers and other symbols in a standard form. People use them on computers, to make the computer fetch and show some specific resource (usually a web page) from another computer (web server) on the Internet. They do this by typing the URL into a web browser, or more often clicking a link, for example one on a web page that they are already seeing.

URLs consist of several parts:

In some cases, the URL may also contain

The URL of this page is <nowiki>https://simple.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Uniform_Resource_Locator</nowiki>

A shorter form, called a ("relative") URL, is used when a computer could correctly fill in the full ("absolute") URL from context. For example, of <nowiki>/wiki/URL</nowiki> only works for a link on Wikipedia to this page on Wikipedia. Absolute URLs can be shared outside of computers, even with little or no explanation.

These are at the end of the domain name which has a period mark before it. At first there were six main extensions:

Today, there are many other URL extensions. These are usually either a top level domain or interest grouping. Each country has its own top level domain, for example, .ca for Canada, .us for the United States of America or .co.uk for the United Kingdom. Many countries have a government-only extension, for example the United States uses .gov or .fed.us, .gc.ca for Canada and .gov.uk for the United Kingdom. Interest group domains would include .tv (television), .pro (professionals) and .xxx (pornography). These are not used as often as the original extensions.

Cuckoo clock

A cuckoo clock is a kind of clock. Cuckoo clocks have a case made of wood that looks like a small house. It gets its name because at the start of every hour, a small door on the clock open up and a little wooden bird comes out. The clock then makes a noise which sounds like a bird call ( "Koo-Koo" or "cuckoo"). 

The clock makes the sound one time for each hour it is, and there may also be a bell that rings when the sound is made. Whether it is morning or night does not change the number of times this happens. 
For example:

Like many other clocks, cuckoo clocks can work using weights, springs, or electricity. Every clock is different, both in how it looks, how it works, and what it does. The sound of the "cuckoo" usually comes from bellows in mechanical clocks, or from a speaker in electric clocks. The clock may do more than just make this sound; some clocks also have figures that move around as music is played.

Cuckoo clocks are some of the best-known clocks that are made in the Black Forest, an area of south-western Germany and northern Switzerland.

Labrador Retriever

The Labrador Retriever (or Lab and Labrador for short) is a breed of dog. It is a kind of gun dog. Labrador Retrievers are very gentle dogs with family-friendly personalities. They are the most popular breed of dogs for pets in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States. 

They enjoy attention and exercise with their owner. They love to run around in big, open spaces, have a natural love of bringing things back, and learn to retrieve easily. They love to be active. They like the water no matter what temperature outside as their coat protects them. They are strong swimmers as they have webbing between the toes on their paws. They have coats that can be in any of three colors: black, yellow, and brown.

This tough, hardy breed of retriever is a great choice as a family pet. They are playful, easy to train, and naturally obedient. Labrador Retrievers do require regular amounts of daily exercise and are prone to obesity. As a pet, they can be demanding of attention and are best suited in a home where they can have a daily workout. They like water and have a unique otter-like tail, which they use like a rudder when they swim.

Labradors are descended from dogs bred on the island of Newfoundland, in Canada. Its ancestor is the St. John's water dog, a breed that developed through breedings by early settlers of the island in the 16th century. These dogs were trained to bring in the fishing nets from the icy waters for the fishermen. In the early 19th century, they were brought to Poole in Great Britain. These dogs had short strong legs and were good swimmers. Their coats were thick and they had a broad tail. Englishmen had many offers to buy them from fishermen because they were so attractive. The breed was instantly successful as a gun dog. The Earl of Malmesbury was interested and amazed by these dogs, and he started breeding them. He bred them for duck shooting on his estate. He established the new breed of retrievers, which he named Labrador.

In 1903, the Labrador Retriever was recognized by the English Kennel Club (EKC). Then, a year later, was listed as a dog in the Gundog group. At this point, retrievers were not divided by breed (until 1905, when it was listed separately).

England's Royal Family has long been popular with the Labrador, as King George VI and Queen Elizabeth II promoted them throughout their kennel.

Countess Howe is believed to be the first person to bring Labradors to the United States, shortly before World War One.

To say, however, that the Labrador was popular immediately would be wrong. It was only recognized in 1917 by the AKC, and strangely, ten years later, there were only roughly 24 Labradors in the United States. They were still classed as "Retrievers" until the late 1920s. The first Labrador registered, was a black female.

At this point, only upper class people owned them. However, lots of the upper class enjoyed these dogs, and they would try to import them from the finest English kennels. It's important to see, that they were only imported for one reason, though.

The first Labrador Retriever club was formed in 1931 in New York City, and the first field trial was held in December of that year.

Unfortunately, during the Second World War, as with most dog breeds, numbers decreased. But, after 1945, they gained a strong popularity boost. Imports from the British kennel clubs, as earlier said, increased, and then after a while, their numbers began rising again. That is why, most of the British Labrador population, has roots in the United States.

Labrador retrievers are gentle and loving. They make great family dogs. They are intelligent, agile, and kind dogs. They also are very energetic, and need exercise every day.

Labradors are very social, and therefore, are easy to train. They are happy to play in any activity you want to do with them, but the outgoing side of the Labrador does have a flip side. They crave attention, and, if not given it, can resort to destructive behaviour.

Fortunately, they are not only social but very versatile. The breed's generally sunny temperament, love of people, and willingness to learn make them star performers in many disciplines, e.g. therapy, guide dogs.

Labrador retrievers come in black, yellow, and chocolate. Labradors have a short, dense coat, powerful jaws, a broad, steady back and friendly brown eyes. Labradors usually live from 10 to 12 years.

Labradors usually die from cancer, and have issues with Hip Dysplasia, Laryngeal Paralysis, Arthritis Hypothyroidism, Elbow Dysplasia, and seizures.

Labradors are energetic, so they would love to play fetch, swim, go on walks, do obedience trials, and agility tests.

Margaret Thatcher

Margaret Hilda Thatcher, Baroness Thatcher (13 October 19258 April 2013) was a British stateswoman. She served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 until her resignation in 1990, longer than any other British prime minister in the 20th century. She led the Conservative Party from 1975 to 1990. Thatcher was the first female British prime minister and was often known by the nickname "The Iron Lady", given to her by a journalist from the Soviet Union. Her birth name was Margaret Hilda Roberts.

Thatcher studied chemistry at Somerville College, Oxford, and worked briefly as a research chemist, before becoming a barrister. She was elected Member of Parliament for Finchley in 1959. Edward Heath made her a Secretary of State in his government of 1970 to 1974. In 1975, she beat Heath in the Conservative Party leadership election to become Leader of the Opposition and the first woman to lead a major British political party. In 1979, she was elected Prime Minister, and won a landslide re-election in 1983 after victory in the 1982 Falklands War and the recovering economy brought a revival of support.

Thatcher was re-elected for a third term with another landslide in 1987, but her support for the Community Charge ("poll tax") was very unpopular, and her more Eurosceptic views on the European Community were not shared by others in her Cabinet. She resigned as Prime Minister and party leader in November 1990, after a challenge was made by Michael Heseltine to her leadership. After retiring from the House of Commons in 1992, she was given a life peerage as Baroness Thatcher, which gave her the right to sit in the House of Lords. In 2013, she died of a stroke in London, at the age of 87.

Thatcher is a controversial figure in British political culture, but is still viewed positively in most opinion polls of British prime ministers. The debate over her neoliberal policies and legacy continues in the UK into the 21st century.

Margaret Roberts was born in Grantham, Lincolnshire, on 13 October 1925. Her father was Alfred Roberts, a tobacconist originally from Northamptonshire. Her mother was Beatrice Ethel Stephenson, from Lincolnshire.

She studied chemistry at Somerville College, Oxford. In her final year, she studied X-ray crystallography under Dorothy Hodgkin, who later won the Nobel Prize. She was already interested in politics, and became President of the Oxford University Conservative Association in 1946. She read political works such as Friedrich von Hayek's "The Road to Serfdom" (1944), which said economic intervention by government was wrong, because it gave too much power to the state. After graduating, Roberts moved to Colchester in Essex to work as a research chemist for BX Plastics.

She was elected an MP in 1959. She became Education Secretary in 1970.

Thatcher directed British troops in 1982 to get back the Falkland Islands from Argentina. Argentina had taken the Falklands for a short time during the Falklands War. She had the second longest single prime ministerial term in history. 

She suffered from strong opposition during a coal miner's strike in 1984 and 1985. The strike took away political power from the miners' union. There was also controversy when she introduced a poll tax to Britain. This caused rioting across the country.

She was forced to resign by her own party in 1990. She was replaced by John Major. In 1992, she stood down as PM. She then joined the House of Lords. From then on, she was known as "Baroness Thatcher of Kesteven".

During Thatcher's years as prime minister, unemployment rose a lot. It doubled during her first term. In 1982, 3 million people were unemployed. Unemployment started to decline again only in the mid- to late-1980s. Since the mid-1990s, Britain had consistently had lower unemployment than most of continental Europe. Thatcher's supporters claim this is the result of her reform of the labour market. This is disputed by her opponents.

She was the subject of an assassination attempt when the Grand Brighton Hotel was bombed by the Provisional Irish Republican Army in October 1984.
During the near end of the Cold War, Thatcher became one of the closest friends of Ronald Reagan, the 40th President of the United States.

She is remembered in the UK for reducing the trade union movement's power. Trade unions were much more powerful in the 1970s. Thatcher did much to reduce their influence on British industry.

Thatcher was the first woman to be Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. She was also the first woman to be Conservative Party leader.
In February 1949, she met Denis Thatcher. They met at a Paint Trades Federation event in Dartford. They married on 13 December 1951, at a chapel in City Road, London; the Robertses, Margaret's parents, were Methodists. Margaret and Denis had twin children, Carol and Mark, who were born on 15 August 1953, six weeks prematurely by Caesarean section.

Her husband Denis died in 2003 from pancreatic cancer. She attended Ronald Reagan's funeral service in 2004. In the later years of her life, she suffered from dementia and withdrew from public engagements in 2002. In 2006, Thatcher attended the official Washington memorial service to mark the fifth anniversary of the September 11 attacks on the United States. She was a guest of Vice President Dick Cheney, and met Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice during her visit. She would also visit several times for ceremonies that honoured Reagan.

Thatcher died from a stroke on 8 April 2013 at her hotel room in London, aged 87. She had bladder cancer and dementia at the time of her death. In line with her wishes she received a ceremonial funeral, with full military honours, and a church service at St Paul's Cathedral on 17 April. Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Phillip attended the funeral, only the second time in the Queen's reign that she had attended the funeral of a former prime minister.


Firefighter

Firefighters are people who have the responsibility of putting out fires. They are responsible for handling other emergency situations. Firefighters use many different types of equipment to deal with all kinds of emergency situations. In addition to handling fires,Firefighters deal with a wide variety of other emergency situations.

Firefighters are based at and respond to emergency situations from a Fire Station (Also Known As a Firehouse or Firehall). Firefighters deal with many kinds of emergency situations. When their help is needed, they drive to the location of the emergency on a vehicle called a Fire Engine (Also Known As a Fire Truck or Fire Apparatus). Fire Engines have the equipment they often need to deal with all kinds of emergency situations. Fire Engines have water hoses,water pumps,ventilation fans and other items that help in putting out fires. They also carry equipment for Emergency Medical Services Incidents,Technical Rescue Incidents and Hazardous Materials Incidents. In Response to Emergency Medical Services Incidents,Fire Engines have Cardiac Monitors and Defibrillators,Intubation and Airway Management Supplies,Emergency Medications and other Medical items on board. In Response to Technical Rescue Incidents,Fire Engines have The Jaws Of Life Hydraulic Rescue Tools Systems (Spreaders,Cutters,Combi Tools,Rams,Etc),Air Bags,Air Chisels,Air,Electric and Battery Powered Breaching,Breaking and Cutting Tools,Cribbing,Specialized Rescue Saws,Specialized Cutting Torches,Rope Rescue Equipment,Confined Space Rescue Equipment,and other Specialized Technical Rescue Tools and Equipment on board. In Response to Hazardous Materials Incidents,Fire Engines have Hazardous Materials Personal Protection Equipment,Non Sparking Tools,Generators and other Specialized Hazardous Materials Tools and Equipment on board. Modern Fire Engines have Specialized Emergency Lights,Loud Sirens and Horns that give people warnings that they are coming down the road. Radios,Computers and other devices are used by Firefighters on Fire Engines to communicate with their Dispatcher and other Emergency Services Vehicles including mutual aid Fire and Rescue Units,Police Units and Emergency Medical Services Units. 

Firefighters wear heavy clothing to protect them from the heat of a fire. This is called bunker gear or turnout gear. They wear equipment to help them breathe in areas that are filled with smoke. They normally also wear a mask to protect themselves from breathing in smoke and very hot air and gases. This helps them to protect themselves and those that they serve.

The name of the agency that firefighters work for can be different in each country. Common names include a a fire department, fire service, fire and rescue service or fire brigade. Fire departments are usually government agencies that are funded by taxes. Some place, such as airports, have their own firefighters.

At some fire departments, the firefighters work full-time. They stay at the fire station and wait to be called out to an emergency. They work during both the daytime and at night. Villages and small towns normally have part-time firefighters. They have other jobs outside of the fire service. These firefighters will drive from their home or workplace to the fire station when their help is needed. They may be volunteers, or they may be paid for doing this job. In the United Kingdom, these paid firemen are 
known as "retained firefighters""".

Random

Random is a term used in mathematics (and less formally) to mean that there is no way to reliably predict an outcome (to know what will happen "before" it happens) or sense a pattern. Something that is chosen at random is not chosen for any conscious reason, and therefore thought to be purely by chance. An example of a random event is winning a lottery.

A computer can make lists of apparently random numbers. Humans are unable to do this, because the brain works in patterns. If someone is asked to keep saying "heads" or "tails" at random, a smart human observer or properly programmed computer might eventually be able to tell which one the person is likely to say next because the computer notices the patterns.

On a website such as English Wikipedia the user can click on "Random page" to get a random article. The chances of any one page appearing are exactly the same as for any other page.

Sometimes the word "random" is used more loosely. There are websites of random jokes, which just means: a variety of jokes about all sorts of things.

In recent years young people have started to use the word "random" even more loosely to describe anything which is rather strange or has no logic. Sentences such as "the mouldy cheese is escaping" or "I like pie and spam" might be described as "random", although this is not the proper dictionary or mathematical meaning of the word.

There are several ways in which a process or system can be seen as "random":


There are many uses for random numbers. The need has led to methods for generating data which is more or less random (pseudorandom). These methods vary as to how unpredictable (statistically random) they are, and how quickly they can generate random numbers.

There are computational random number generators, generating large amounts of sufficiently random numbers. Before then, tables were published as pseudo-random number tables.

There are two ways computers can make what appear to be random numbers.

Keys for encryption must be random in order to be secure. Key generation by a faulty random number generator has sometimes led to successful cryptanalysis.


Political status of Taiwan

The political status of Taiwan is a difficult situation that many people disagree about. There are two countries in the world that call themselves China. The People's Republic of China (PRC) is the country most people think of when they hear the name China. The Republic of China (ROC) also calls itself China. It is better known in most of the world as Taiwan.

Taiwan was a part of China for thousands of years. After the First Sino-Japanese War, Taiwan and Penghu was illegally taken by Japan. After World War II, the Japanese gave up any claim to Taiwan, but did not say who they were giving control to. At the time, the Republic of China governed all of China, and represented China in the United Nations. After losing a civil war in 1949, the ROC government fled to the island of Taiwan, leaving the PRC to control mainland China. The PRC says it owns the island of Taiwan (which is also known as Taiwan province) and the other islands. The ROC says that it was—and is—the rightful government of China, including mainland China, Taiwan, and Mongolia. In 1971, the ROC lost its United Nations seat as China. The seat was given to the PRC instead. This made the PRC the recognized government of China internationally. 

The major issue is whether Taiwan is a part of the PRC or is (as it claims) an independent country.

Today, the ROC (Taiwan) is a fully democratic society, with its own economy, currency, military, and elected officials. The Chinese mainland is ruled by the communist PRC government. Most countries have accepted the PRC as the leaders of China. Several countries, including the United States, have been careful to not say officially which parts of the original China are part of the PRC. 14 countries have official diplomatic relations with Taiwan. Those who don't usually have un-official de facto embassies and do business with Taiwan mostly as normal, aside from recognizing it as a country.

The current state of Taiwan and China is called the "status quo", which means neither side is trying to change the way things are. However, the PRC often threatens to use military force to change the situation and bring Taiwan under PRC control. Some people in Taiwan want Taiwan to formally become the Republic of Taiwan, an independent country. This would change the status quo also, and many Taiwanese prefer not to do this, in order to maintain peace. In opinion polls, only a very small percentage of Taiwanese people want to rejoin with the mainland.

Today, most countries of the world see the PRC as China. Most countries however still have a very close economic and cultural relationship with Taiwan, even if they have major tensions with the PRC.

The relations between the PRC and Taiwan are tense. The PRC claims that Taiwan is a part of the PRC. The government of the PRC has said that if the people of Taiwan vote to become the Republic of Taiwan, that they will invade Taiwan and stop this from happening. In March 2004, they passed a law that will allow China to invade Taiwan if Taiwan tries to leave the PRC and become an independent country. This law has caused problems with the people in Taiwan. It has caused even more people in Taiwan not to want to be a part of PRC China.

Another issue is how a war for Taiwan would grow to include the United States, who has said it would help defend Taiwan, and Australia and Japan, who also hint at helping Taiwan in case of war.

Cellular respiration

Cellular respiration is what cells do to break up sugars to get energy they can use. Cellular respiration takes in food and uses it to create ATP, a chemical which the cell uses for energy. 

Usually, this process uses oxygen, and is called aerobic respiration. It has four stages known as glycolysis, Link reaction, the Krebs cycle, and the electron transport chain. This produces ATP which supplies the energy that cells need to do work.

When they do not get enough oxygen, the cells use anaerobic respiration, which does not use oxygen. However, this process produces lactic acid, and is not as efficient as when oxygen is used. 

Aerobic respiration, the process that does use oxygen, produces much more energy and does not produce lactic acid. It also produces carbon dioxide as a waste product, which then enters the circulatory system. The carbon dioxide is taken to the lungs, where it is exchanged for oxygen.

The simplified formula for aerobic cellular respiration is: 

CHO + 6O → 6CO + 6HO + Energy (as ATP)
The word equation for this is:Glucose (sugar) + Oxygen → Carbon dioxide + Water + Energy (as ATP)

Aerobic cellular respiration has four stages. Each is important, and could not happen without the one before it. The steps of aerobic cellular respiration are:

In glycolysis, glucose in the cytoplasm is broken into two molecules of pyruvate. Ten enzymes are needed for the ten intermediate compounds in this process.

Biology textbooks often state that 38 ATP molecules can be made per oxidised glucose molecule during cellular respiration (two from glycolysis, two from the Krebs cycle, and about 34 from the electron transport chain). However, the process actually makes less energy (ATP) because of losses through leaky membranes. Estimates are 29 to 30 ATP per glucose.

Aerobic metabolism is about (see sentence above) 15 times more efficient than anaerobic metabolism. Anaerobic metabolism yields 2 mol ATP per 1 mol glucose. They share the initial pathway of glycolysis but aerobic metabolism continues with the Krebs cycle and oxidative phosphorylation. The post glycolytic reactions take place in the mitochondria in eukaryotic cells, and in the cytoplasm in prokaryotic cells.

Pyruvate from glycolysis is actively pumped into mitochondria. One carbon dioxide molecule and one hydrogen molecule are removed from the pyruvate (called oxidative decarboxylation) to produce an acetyl group, which joins to an enzyme called CoA to form acetyl CoA. This is essential for the Krebs cycle.

Acetyl CoA joins with oxaloacetate to form a compound with six carbon atoms. This is the first step in the ever-repeating Krebs cycle. Because two acetyl-CoA molecules are produced from each glucose molecule, "two cycles are required per glucose molecule". Therefore, at the end of two cycles, the products are: two ATP, six NADH, two FADH, and four CO2. The ATP is a molecule which carries energy in chemical form to be used in other cell processes. This process is also known as the TCA cycle (Tricarboxylic (try-car-box-ILL-ick) acid cycle), the citric acid cycle, or the Krebs cycle after the biochemist who elucidated its reactions.

This is where most of the ATP is made. All of the hydrogen molecules which have been removed in the steps before (Krebs cycle, Link reaction) are pumped inside the mitochondria using energy that electrons release. Eventually, the electrons powering the pumping of hydrogen into the mitochondria mix with some hydrogen and oxygen to form water and the hydrogen molecules stop being pumped.

Eventually, the hydrogen flows back into the cytoplasm of the mitochondria through protein channels. As the hydrogen flows, ATP is made from ADP and phosphate ions.

<nowiki>:</nowiki> 

Lesotho

Lesotho is a small country in southern Africa, it is an enclave of South Africa. Its population is about 1,800,000.
The capital of Lesotho is called Maseru.

Lesotho has no coast on the sea nor on a lake. This type of country is called "landlocked", meaning it is surrounded by land. All of Lesotho's trade must either be flown in by aeroplane, or brought in by land. Lesotho's position is unusual: it is completely surrounded by South Africa and has no borders with any other country. This type of country is called an "enclave". Lesotho is one of the only three enclaved countries in the world (the other two are San Marino and the Vatican City). This makes Lesotho's relationship with South Africa very important to them both.

Lesotho has many mountains and is one of the most mountainous countries in the world. All of Lesotho is at least 1,400 m above sea level. People sometimes travel there to ski in winter. The many mountains in Lesotho mean that it rains there a lot. Lesotho uses some of its water to generate electricity and sells some of the water to South Africa.

Lesotho became a country in 1818, but it was then called Basutoland. A man called Moshoeshoe brought several of the groups of people in the area together and formed a new country with him as its king. This new country came under attack from its enemies and in 1868 Moshoeshoe asked Queen Victoria of Great Britain for help. Great Britain said it would help if Lesotho became part of the British Empire.

Lesotho eventually gained its independence on 4 October 1966. Now it is a member of the British Commonwealth. King Letsie III is the ruler of Lesotho.


Alexander Hamilton

Alexander Hamilton (January 11, 1755 – July 12, 1804) was a statesman, a political theorist and an economist. He was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. Hamilton was the United States' first Secretary of the Treasury. He was known for the creation of a national bank. Born on the island of Nevis in the Caribbean, Hamilton moved to New York City. When the American Revolutionary War started, Hamilton served in the Continental Army. He was a close aide to General George Washington. After leaving the military he started a bank. He was one of the framers of the United States Constitution. Along with James Madison and John Jay, he wrote the Federalist Papers, which supported the new Constitution.

Hamilton became the Secretary of the Treasury under George Washington. He helped set up the United States' financial system. Hamilton supported a national bank as well as the funding of the national debt. A leader of the Federalist Party, he was a long time rival of Thomas Jefferson. He was killed in a duel with political rival Aaron Burr, who was one of his first friends, in 1804.

Today, Hamilton is usually thought of as one of the most important of the early leaders. Hamilton's portrait appears on the United States ten-dollar bill.

Hamilton was not born in the United States. He was from the Caribbean island of Nevis. His father was James Hamilton and his mother was Rachel Fawcett Lavien. Hamilton's mother had a child from a previous marriage that she left behind when she moved to Nevis. At the time, she was still married to another man. This meant that Hamilton was illegitimate. He was very sensitive about this fact. His father had left him as a child. Two years after this tragedy both Hamilton and his mother became sick. Hamilton recovered, but unfortunately his mother died. He was grief-stricken and moved in with his cousin. His cousin committed suicide.

In 1772 Hamilton went to New York to continue his education. He attended Kings College, now called Columbia University, until 1776.

Early in the American Revolution Hamilton was an artillery officer. Later he served on George Washington's staff. Hamilton believed by the late 1780s that the Articles of Confederation made a government that was too weak to work well, and he supported drafting a new document. He was a delegate to the Constitutional Convention, and he was a signer of the Constitution. In 1789 he was co-author of the Federalist Papers, a series of letters written by Hamilton, John Jay, and James Madison under the name "Publius." Hamilton wrote about two-thirds of the essays. They were published in newspapers in New York and supported the new Constitution. These writings are usually thought of as being one of the most important American works on politics and government. They are still widely read today.

George Washington, who became president in 1789, chose Hamilton to be the first United States Secretary of the Treasury. While in this job, he supported a national bank and invented a way to pay the debt that the country owed for the Revolutionary War. He helped start the Federalist Party. John Adams was a member, and Washington supported the party though he was not a member. After being Secretary of the Treasury he worked as a lawyer and continued to lead the Federalist Party.

Hamilton said he was very anti-slavery. Along with John Jay he was a leader of the New York Manumission Society. The society worked to end slavery in New York by getting slave owners to choose to free their slaves. However, he bought and sold slaves for himself, his family, and his friends.

Hamilton also had great respect for the small Jewish community in America and was a major supporter of religious freedom.

In 1800 Hamilton's political rival Thomas Jefferson beat the Federalist John Adams. Jefferson and Hamilton had very different ideas about the direction the new country should take, although both were important founding fathers.

Hamilton had a long-time rivalry with Jefferson's vice president Aaron Burr. This resulted in the Burr–Hamilton duel of 1804 in which Burr killed Hamilton. Hamilton kept Burr from being re-nominated for vice president. He also kept him from becoming Governor of New York. Burr responded by challenging Hamilton to a duel. They agreed to meet July 11, 1804 at Weehawken, New Jersey. Dueling was illegal in New York which is why they chose Weehawken. It was also the site where Philip Hamilton, Alexander Hamilton's son, had been killed in a duel three years earlier. The night before the duel, Hamilton wrote his will, letters to friends, and finally a letter to his wife. At dawn the next morning the two met at Weehawken. Without any discussion, the two men took their positions. Unusual for a duel of this kind, the two fired about 4–5 seconds apart. Who fired first is not known today. Burr's bullet struck Hamilton and knocked him down. Then Burr promptly turned and left. The bullet went through Hamilton's ribs, and damaged his lungs and liver. Hamilton was taken to a friend's house in Manhattan where his wife and children joined him. He asked two ministers to give him Communion but was refused. Finally the Episcopal Bishop Benjamin Moore gave him the sacrament. Hamilton died the next morning.

Hamilton is shown on the face of the U.S. 10-dollar bill. Hamilton is one of only two non-presidents honored on commonly used notes. Some of Hamilton's words are still quoted. For example,

"I never expect a perfect work from imperfect man." -The Federalist #25

Hamilton was the founder of the United States Revenue Cutter Service, which in 1915 became the United States Coast Guard. For that reason, he is considered the father of the United States Coast Guard. He was a staunch constitutionalist who, unlike several of the founding fathers, believed in a strong central government. During his life he was involved in nearly every major political event from the Revolution to the election of 1800. His writings fill a staggering 27 volumes. Yet he is probably the least well understood of any of the founding fathers. By the time of Hamilton's death, the Federalist Party he had helped start was in decline. Hamilton and the Federalists had convinced Washington to create a central bank, assume the debts of the states and pass tax laws. There is little doubt these moves helped save the new democracy.

Hamilton is the subject of the 2015 Broadway Musical, "Hamilton". It was written by and stars Lin-Manuel Miranda in the title role.


Köbes

A Köbes (pronounced like 'kur-bess') is a waiter in traditional pubs in the Rhineland part of Germany, especially in Cologne, Düsseldorf and Krefeld.

A Köbes wears a blue apron and blue jacket and has a big leather belt with a leather purse. He serves beer and food to guests and replaces empty beer glasses with full ones until the customer either places a beermat on his glass to signal that he doesn't want any more, or until the customer asks to pay.

The word "Köbes" comes from the name Jakob in a local dialect. 


Stop-motion

Stop motion is a way of animation which makes it look like still objects are moving. Clay animation is a good example of how stop motion is used.

Stop-motion requires any camera that can make single frames (or photos). It works by shooting a single frame, moving the object a little bit, and capturing a frame again. Cartoons use a similar way; one of the main differences is that stop motion uses real objects instead of drawn.

Tim Burton, Will Vinton and the Aardman studio have used this method in their productions.


D.C. United

D.C. United is a Major League Soccer league soccer (or football) team that plays in Washington, D.C. in the United States. Its nickname is "the Black-and-Red".


Wendy Carlos

Wendy Carlos (born Walter Carlos, November 14, 1939) is an American composer and musician. She was born in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. She is known as one of the first people to use electric instruments to make music. In 1968, she released her music album "Switched on Bach". This album used many new electric instruments including the Moog Synthesizer. It won three Grammy Awards. She also did the music for movies. These include "A Clockwork Orange", "The Shining", and "Tron". In 1972, Carlos had a medical operation to change her body from male to female.

Boolean algebra

In mathematics, Boolean algebra is an algebra for binary digits (where 0 means false and 1 means true). It is equipped with three operators: conjunction (AND), disjunction (OR) and negation (NOT). It uses normal math symbols, but it does not work in the same way. It is named for George Boole, who invented it in the middle 19th century. Boolean algebra did not get much attention except from mathematicians until the 20th century when engineers began using it for logic gates.

The NOT operator is written with a bar over numbers or letters like this:

It means that the output is "not" the input.

The AND operator is written as formula_4 like this:

The output is true if and only if one and the other input is true.

The OR operator is written as formula_9 like this:

If one or the other input is true, then the output to be true (and false otherwise).

XOR basically means "exclusive or", meaning one input or the other must be true, but not both. It is also sometimes called NOR, which means the same thing.

The XOR operator is written as formula_14 like this:

In other words, the XOR operator returns true precisely when one or the other input is true—but not both.

Different gates can be put together in different orders:

It is not the same as a NOT then an AND: formula_20

which is called "AND identity table"
, if
formula_23.
or if formula_24=TRUE, TRUE.,

Augustus De Morgan discovered that it is possible to preserve the truth values of Boolean expressions by changing a formula_9 sign to a formula_4 sign, while making or breaking a bar. That is:

These findings are commonly known as De Morgan's laws.



Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone

Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (published in the US under the title "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone") is the first book in the Harry Potter series, written by J.K. Rowling. It was published in 1997 and a movie version was released in 2001.

This is the first book in a series of seven about the wizard Harry Potter. The author begins by setting the scene and introducing the reader to some of the characters.

At the start, Rowling describes how in an ordinary suburb, somewhere in an English town, people are suddenly surprised to see witches and wizards in odd clothing riding on public buses and appearing at places where people would not expect to suddenly meet a wizard. It is clear that something unusual has happened in the world of witches and wizards, and those people, who are normally quite secret, are out and about, enjoying themselves.

In this way, Rowling introduces the two worlds of her story, the world of ordinary people, called "Muggles", and the secret world of the magic folk who usually keep to themselves. Rowling then introduces the main character, Harry Potter, a little baby boy who is left on the doorstep of his aunt and uncle by an old wizard with a long white beard.

When the reader next meets Harry, he has grown to be a boy of eleven, living unhappily with his spiteful aunt, cruel uncle and bullying cousin Dudley. He is rescued from his misery by a huge bearded man upon his eleventh birthday. Harry Potter is a wizard without knowing it, and the giant man, Rubeus Hagrid, has come to help him buy his books and get ready to go to school. The school sounds most exciting. It is "Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry".

On the long train journey north, Harry Potter meets the two people who are to become his best friends, Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger. Ron and Hermione have very different characters. Hermione, who comes from "Muggle" (nonwizard) parents, is very intelligent and talented. She is such a teacher's pet and is so bossy that the boys do not like her at first. Ron, on the other hand, comes from an old family of wizards. He is number six in a family of seven children. He wears hand-me-down clothes and even his pet rat used to belong to his brother, Percy. Ron knows all about Harry Potter.

The reason that Ron, and all the other people in the wizarding world, know all about Harry Potter is that Harry is famous, without even knowing it himself. The reason why he was left on the doorstep of his aunt and uncle was that both his parents were dead. They were murdered by an evil wizard who calls himself "Lord Voldemort". He was so evil that people are even afraid to say his name. Harry is famous because he survived the magical attack of "He Who Must Not Be Named", and since that day, Voldemort has gone into hiding.

J. K. Rowling then gives the reader a picture of the school that is to be Harry's home through seven books of the series, each one of which deals with a year in his life. The book describes the teachers, the lessons, the customs and the school sport so that it seems to be part of a real world. Even though the students learn magic and use magic, the book also describes Harry's growing up in a new and strange situation, just as any student must learn to fit in when they go to a new school among different people.

Harry soon discovers that while some magicians, such as the school principal, headmaster, and professor Albus Dumbledore, and Deputy Headmistress Minerva McGonagal can be kind and encouraging, others, like the sinister Professor Snape with his greasy black hair and nasty comments, are very hard to trust. One of the subjects that Harry really needs to learn is "Defense Against the Dark Arts" but unfortunately, the teacher, Professor Quirrell, is such a bumbling and nervous man that he does not seem to be able to teach Harry very much at all.

As the year goes by, Harry discovers that Hogwarts has, hidden away for safety, a very precious treasure. If it were to fall into the hands of Lord Voldemort, it would be very dangerous indeed. Harry also discovers that in solving problems and overcoming difficulties, having friends with very different talents can be extremely useful.


The movie was made by Warner Brothers. It was based closely on the book. In the United States, it was called "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone". Harry Potter was played by Daniel Radcliffe. Rupert Grint played Ron Weasley, and Emma Watson played Hermione Granger.

Justin Timberlake

Justin Randall Timberlake (born January 31, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actor and dancer. Timberlake first became famous when he appeared in the television series "Mickey Mouse Club." He later became part of the Grammy Award-winning boy band NSYNC. He started his own career as a solo musician in 2002. As a solo he sold 90 Million albums with 4 albums and with NSYNC nearly 80 Million with 3 albums

Justin Randall Timberlake was born at St Jude's Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee. He is the son of Randall Timberlake and Lynn Harless (née Bomar). Timberlake's ancestors were English, Irish, Scottish, Welsh, Dutch, French, German, and Jersey (Channel Islander). He was raised in the Baptist religion. His parents divorced in 1985. He grew up in Millington, Tennessee, a small town north of Memphis.

In 1993, Timberlake joined "The Mickey Mouse Club". The show ended in 1994. In 1995 Timberlake was recruited for an all-male singing group organized by orlando based singer Chris Kirkpatrick and funded by boy band manager Lou Pearlman that eventually became 'N Sync. 

Timberlake and JC Chasez were the two lead singers of the popular 1990s boy band 'N Sync. The group formed in 1995. Their first public performance happened the 22nd of October 1995 at Disney World's Pleasure Island. They started their career in 1996 in Europe, and hit it big in the United States in 1998 with the US release of their self-titled debut album "*NSYNC", which to date has sold over 14.8 million equivalent album sales. 

Their album included a number of hit singles such as "Tearin' Up My Heart." For the next two years, encouraged by similar developments with the Backstreet Boys, 'N Sync engaged in a lengthy legal battle with manager Lou Pearlman. 

Eventually the band signed with Jive Records. 'N Sync released a long-awaited album, "No Strings Attached "in March 2000, which became the fastest-selling album of all time at that time with 2.4 million copies sold in its first week and produced a #1 single, ""It's Gonna Be Me". " That record has since only been broken by Adele's 25 released in 2015. The release was followed by the band's third album, "Celebrity"", "which holds the title of the third-fastest selling album of all time with 1.8 million. In 2002, after the completion of the Celebrity Tour and the release of" "Girlfriend," "the third single from Celebrity, the group decided to take time off, at which point Timberlake began work on his first solo album and the group went into a hiatus. In its lifetime, 'N Sync was internationally famous and performed at the Academy Awards, the Olympics, and the Super Bowl, as well as selling more than 44 million equivalent album sales worldwide.

During late 1999, Timberlake made his acting debut in the Disney Channel original movie "Model Behavior", in which he played Jason Sharpe, a model who falls in love with a waitress after mistaking her for another model. It was released on March 12, 2000.

As a member of 'N Sync, Timberlake developed into a major celebrity in his own right in addition to achieving respect as a musician, since he was the writer or co-writer of all three singles from "Celebrity". The rise of his own stardom and the general decline in the popularity of boy bands led to a continuation of 'N Sync's hiatus, although the group has never officially disbanded. 

Band member Lance Bass who was trying to go into space during the group's hiatus, has stated that he believes the group is finished, and is openly critical of Timberlake's actions in his memoir "Out of Sync". On the other hand, Chris Kirkpatrick remarked in August 2008 that the five remain friends, and he believed a reunion was possible: he repeated that opinion in October 2009. In September 2008, Bass also made conciliatory comments. 

The group would briefly reunite at the 2013 MTV Video Musixc Awards when Timberlake received the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award and at the 2019 Coachella Festival this time sans Timberlake who was finishing his 115-show Man of the Woods Tour. 
Group member JC Chasez would later reveal during an interview with Lance Bass on March, 2020 that he discussed the possible performance with Timberlake over the phone and was given a positive response, stating Timberlake urged the group to perform without him and recounting that "Ariana (Grande) can sing my parts".

In August 2002, after months of recording "Justified", his debut solo album, Timberlake performed at the 2002 MTV Video Music Awards, where he premiered his first single, ""Like I Love You"," a sparse dance track produced by The Neptunes. The song reached number eleven on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Following the single, Timberlake released "Justified" on November 5, 2002. It debuted at number two on the "Billboard" 200 album chart, selling 439,000 copies in its first week of release. It eventually went on to sell more than three million copies in the U.S. and more than seven million copies worldwide. The album also received critical acclaim, thanks to its heavy R&B influence provided by hip-hop producers The Neptunes and Timbaland. It spun off hits throughout late 2002 and 2003, including the top ten singles ""Cry Me a River"" and ""Rock Your Body"." Timberlake supported the album by co-headlining the Justified/Stripped Tour with Christina Aguilera in the summer of 2003. At the end of the year, Timberlake recorded a song entitled "I'm Lovin' It." It was used by McDonald's as the theme to its "I'm Lovin' It" campaign. The deal with McDonald's earned Timberlake an estimated $6 million. A tour entitled Justified and Lovin' It Live was included with the deal as well. Timberlake was featured on Nelly's song, ""Work It"", which was remixed and included on Nelly's 2003 remix album.

In February 2004, during the halftime show of the Super Bowl XXXVIII broadcast on the CBS television network, Timberlake performed with Janet Jackson before a television audience of more than 140 million viewers. At the end of the performance, as the song drew to a close, Timberlake tore off a part of Jackson's black leather costume in a "costume reveal" meant to accompany a portion of the song lyrics. According to CBS, "both Jackson and Timberlake had confirmed they planned it 'independently and clandestinely' without informing anyone." Part of the costume detached, and Jackson's breast was briefly exposed. Timberlake later apologized for the incident, stating he was "sorry that anyone was offended by the wardrobe malfunction during the halftime performance of the Super Bowl..." The phrase "wardrobe malfunction" has since been used by the media to refer to the incident and has entered pop culture. As a result of the controversy, Timberlake and Jackson were threatened with exclusion from the 2004 Grammy Awards unless they agreed to apologize on screen at the event. Timberlake attended and issued a scripted apology when accepting the first of two Grammy Awards he received that night (Best Pop Vocal Album for "Justified" and Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for "Cry Me a River"). He had also been nominated for Album of the Year for "Justified", Record of the Year for ""Cry Me a River"", and Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for "Where Is the Love?" with The Black Eyed Peas.

After the Super Bowl controversy, Timberlake put his recording career on hold to act in several movies, having starred in a few feature movies earlier in his music career. The first role he took during this time was as a journalist in the thriller "Edison Force", which was filmed in 2004 and received a direct-to-video release on July 18, 2006. He also appeared in the movies "Alpha Dog", "Black Snake Moan", Richard Kelly's "Southland Tales", and voiced Prince Artie Pendragon in the animated movie "Shrek the Third", released on May 18, 2007. He also appeared as a young Elton John, in the video for John's song "This Train Don't Stop There Anymore". Timberlake was considered to play the role of Roger Davis in the movie version of the rock musical "Rent", but director Chris Columbus had insisted that only the original Broadway members could convey the true meaning of "Rent".

He continued to record with other artists. After "Where Is the Love?", he again collaborated with the Black Eyed Peas on the 2005 track "My Style" from their album "Monkey Business". When recording the 2005 single "Signs" with Snoop Dogg, Timberlake discovered a throat condition. Nodules were subsequently removed from his throat in an operation that took place on May 5, 2005. He was advised not to sing or speak loudly for at least a few months. In the summer of 2005, Timberlake started his own record company, JayTee records.

Timberlake made a cameo in the video for Nelly Furtado and Timbaland's single "Promiscuous", released on May 3, 2006.

Timberlake released his second solo album, "FutureSex/LoveSounds", on September 12, 2006. The album, which Timberlake created in 2005, debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 album chart, selling 684,000 copies its first week. It is the biggest album for pre-orders on iTunes, and beat Coldplay's record for the biggest one-week sales of a digital album. The album was produced by Timbaland and Danja (who produced a bulk of the album), will.i.am, Rick Rubin and Timberlake himself, and features guest vocals by Snoop Dogg, Three 6 Mafia, T.I. and will.i.am. A studio representative described it as being "all about sexiness" and aiming for "an adult feel".

The album's lead single, "SexyBack", was performed by Timberlake at the opening of the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards and reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, where it remained for seven consecutive weeks. "My Love", the album's second single, also produced by Timbaland and featuring rapper T.I., reached number one on the Hot 100, as did third single What Goes Around.../...Comes Around Interlude. The song is reported to have been inspired by the break-up of his childhood friend and business partner, Trace Ayala, with actress Elisha Cuthbert. In October 2006, Timberlake said that he would focus on his music career rather than his movie roles, specifying that leaving the music industry would be a "dumb thing to do at this point". He was the special guest performer at the 2006 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show for being where he sang SexyBack. 

In January 2007, Timberlake embarked on the FutureSex/LoveShow tour. "Summer Love/Set the Mood Prelude" was the fourth U.S. single off the album, and the next single in the UK was "LoveStoned/I Think She Knows Interlude". The song "Give It to Me", a Timbaland single on which Timberlake guests with Nelly Furtado, reached the Hot 100 number-one spot.

In February 2008, Timberlake was awarded two Grammy Awards. At the 50th Grammy Awards Ceremony, Timberlake won the "Male Pop Performance" Award for "What Goes Around...Comes Around", and the "Dance Recording" Award for "LoveStoned/I Think She Knows".

In April 2007, Timberlake was seen entering a London studio with Madonna, thus confirming rumors that he was collaborating with her. A song ""4 Minutes"", was first played by Timbaland at Philadelphia's Jingle Ball on December 17, 2007. When released on March 17, 2008, "4 Minutes" was revealed to be a duet between Timberlake and Madonna, with backing vocals by Timbaland. It was lead single from Madonna's eleventh studio album "Hard Candy", which featured four other songwriting collaborations with Timberlake. The single was an international hit, and topped the charts in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, and reached the Top 5 in Austria, France, Ireland, Japan, New Zealand and the United States. Timberlake also appears in the music video, which was directed by Jonas & François. On March 30, 2008, Timberlake performed the song at Madonna's Hard Candy Promo Show at Roseland Ballroom in New York City. On November 6, 2008, Timberlake performed the song with Madonna on the Los Angeles stop of her Sticky & Sweet Tour.

Around June 2007 Timberlake co-wrote, produced and provided vocals for the songs "Nite Runner" and "Falling Down" for Duran Duran's album "Red Carpet Massacre", released on November 13, 2007. "Falling Down" had been released as a single in the UK on the previous day.

Also in 2007, Timberlake made an appearance on 50 Cent's third album, "Curtis". Timberlake, along with Timbaland, is featured on a track called "Ayo Technology", which was the album's fourth single. Also, another possible collaboration was to occur with Lil Wayne for his album "Tha Carter III" with Nelly Furtado and Timbaland.

With the wrapping up of the FutureSex/LoveSounds tour of Australasia and the Middle East in November 2007, Timberlake resumed his movie career. Projects underway early in 2008 were starring roles in Mike Myers' comedy "The Love Guru" (released June 20, 2008) and Mike Meredith's drama "The Open Road" (released August 28, 2009). In March 2008 it was announced that he was be an executive producer in an American adaptation of the hit Peruvian comedy "My Problem with Women" for NBC.

On November 20, 2008, "TV Guide" reported that Timberlake's next single, "Follow My Lead", which also featured vocals by Timberlake's protégée, former YouTube star Esmee Denters, would be available for exclusive download through MySpace. All proceeds would go to Shriners Hospitals for Children, a charity dedicated to improving pediatric care for sick children.

In 2008, a collaboration between Timberlake and T.I., "Dead and Gone" featured on T.I.'s sixth studio album, "Paper Trail", and was released as its fourth single late in 2009. In November 2008, it was confirmed that Timberlake would make a guest appearance and produce some tracks on R&B/pop singer Ciara's upcoming album "Fantasy Ride" due out May 5, 2009. Timberlake featured on Ciara's second single "Love Sex Magic", the video being shot on February 20, 2009. The single became a worldwide hit, reaching the top ten in numerous countries and peaking at number one in several countries including Taiwan, India, and Turkey. The single is now nominated for "Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals" at the 52nd Grammy Awards.

Timberlake and his production team The Y's, along with Mike Elizondo, produced and co-wrote the song "Don't Let Me Down" for Leona Lewis's second studio album, "Echo", released (in the US) on November 17, 2009.

Timberlake also co-wrote and performed on "Carry Out," the third single from Timbaland's album "Shock Value II", released on December 1, 2009.

In June 2012 Timberlake began working on a new album, "The 20/20 Experience". It was released on March 19, 2013. The album came top of the Irish charts in the first week. The single "Mirrors" was nominated for Best Pop Solo Performance at the 2014 Grammy Awards. The album also included the successful single "Suit & Tie" with rapper Jay Z.

Timberlake later released the albums "The 20/20 Experience" and "The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2" together in the box set, "The 20/20 Experience – The Complete Experience".

He recorded the song "Can't Stop the Feeling!" for the upcoming DreamWorks animated film, "Trolls". The song entered the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 at number one.

Timberlake had a relationship with Britney Spears when they met at the "Mickey Mouse Club". This relationship gained high public attention. It ended suddenly in 2002 when Timberlake claimed that Spears cheated on him with choreographer Wade Robson.

Later in 2002, he dated actress-dancer Jenna Dewan and actress-singer Alyssa Milano. In April 2003, he started dating actress Cameron Diaz after they met at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards. There were many rumors afterwards that the two broke up. He stated on December 16, 2006 on "Saturday Night Live" that they had split up.

In 2007, it was revealed that he had a romantic relationship with actress Jessica Biel and married in 2012. They have two sons together, Silas Randall (born 2015) and Phineas (born 2020). 

In 2008, Timberlake stated that he has attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder. 

Timberlake also works in the movie industry. He is the voice of King Arthur in animated movie "Shrek the Third". He is also in the movies "Alpha Dog" and "Black Snake Moan". In 2008, he acted in movie "The Love Guru".





Aramaic language

Aramaic is a Semitic language. It has been written for 3100 years and has been spoken for longer than that.

It is one of the Northwest Semitic languages. Other Semitic languages include Aramaic, Hebrew, Arabic and many other languages.

Words are written with the 22 characters of the Aramaic alphabet, which was widely adopted for other languages and is an ancestor to the Hebrew, Syriac and Arabic alphabets.

Aramaic is the language of long parts of the two Bible books of Daniel and Ezra, it is the language of the Jewish Talmud.

In the 12th century BC, the first speakers of Aramaic started to live in what is now Syria, Iraq and eastern Turkey. As the bureaucratic language of the Achaemenid Empire, it became the most important language in the Middle East. Jewish speakers took the language with them to North Africa and Europe. Christian speakers took the language with them to Persia, India and even China.

In the 7th century AD, Aramaic stopped being the most important language in the Middle East. The Arabic language became the new important language. Aramaic is still spoken by scattered communities of Jews, Mandaeans and some Christians. Small groups of people still speak Aramaic in different parts of the Middle East. The wars of the last two centuries have made many speakers leave their homes to live in different places around the world. Today, between 500,000 and 850,000 people speak Aramaic languages.

Aramaic is not one language without any changes. Because many different people over many centuries spoke and wrote it, there are many different types of Aramaic languages, called dialects, but some of them are so different that they are like different languages.

The different dialects make two groups: an Eastern group and a Western group. The division between them is around the River Euphrates.

The dialects are divided also by time. Old Aramaic is the name of the oldest dialects, which only scholars learn. Middle Aramaic is the group of dialects, which are used not every day but for special things like writing and religion. Modern Aramaic is the group of dialects that is used every day by some groups.


Libya

Libya ( ', Berber: ⵍⵉⴱⵢⴰ "Libya"), officially the State of Libya, is a country in North Africa. It is bordered by the Mediterranean Sea to the north, Egypt to the east, Sudan to the southeast, Chad and Niger to the south, and Algeria and Tunisia to the west. It covers an area of almost . Libya is the 17th largest country in the world.

Libya's borders touch the countries of Egypt, Sudan, Chad, Algeria, Niger, and Tunisia. To its north is the Mediterranean Sea. The capital of Libya is Tripoli, which is a port on the sea. Tripoli has about one million people. Libya covers an area of about .

The highest point in Libya is Bikku Bitti 2,267 m above sea level and the lowest point is Sabkhat Ghuzayyil -47 m at below sea level. Most of the country is flat, with large plains. Because it is so dry, only 1.03% of the land is suitable for farming.

The area around Tripoli is called "Tripolitania", and it was the most developed during the Ottoman Empire.

Cyrenaica is an area of the north east coast. It is divided from Tripolitania by the Gulf of Sirte. It was named by the Ancient Greeks who built the city of Cirene in 630 BC. It includes the cities of Tobruk and Benghazi.

The Fezzan is an area of desert in south west Libya which the Italians made a part of Tripoli in 1912. After the war this area was governed by France, who wanted to annex to their Empire.

The Libyans are Muslim. The population of Libya in 2011 was said to be about 6,597,960. This is not a large number for a country that has such a large area, so the population density of Libya is low. This is because much of Libya is in the Sahara Desert. Most people in Libya live in cities on the coast. People from Libya are called Libyans.

Libyans are mostly Arabs, though many are Berbers, a group which includes the nomadic Tuareg of North Africa. About 95% of Libyans are of Arab-Berber origin. Nearly all Libyans are Sunni Muslims.

Since 2007 Libya has been divided into 22 districts.

Oil was discovered in Libya in 1958 and is about 95% of the country's export income. Oil is about 25% of Libya's GDP. Other exports include natural gas, salt, limestone and gypsum. Because so much of the country is desert, Libya has to import about 75% of its food. It does grow wheat, barley, olives, dates, citrus, peanuts, soybeans and many vegetables. In 1984, a pipeline was started to bring underground water from the Sahara to coastal areas for irrigation. The pipeline which will take 25 years to complete has been estimated to cost about $25 billion. It is called the Great Man-made River, and is the largest water development scheme in the world.

The money of Libya is called the Libyan dinar. It was made to take the place of the old money, the Libyan pound, in 1971. There are 1000 dirhams in a dinar. Dinar is the name of the money in many Islamic countries. The name comes from an old Roman coin, the denarius.

Libya is made up of three regions, Tripolitania, Cyrenaica, and the Fezzan. Tripolitania is the area on the north west coast, once called the Kingdom of Tripoli. It was ruled by Turks from the Ottoman Empire. The USA went to war with the Kingdom of Tripoli in 1805 over the problems of piracy in the Mediterranean. The USA had refused to pay increased "protection" money to the Turkish rulers.

Tripolitania and Cyrenaica were captured by the Italians during the Italian-Turkish War of 1911-1912. The reason for the war was to set up Italian Libya. Like other parts of North Africa, this area was once part of the Roman Empire and they said it belonged to Italy. The Italians were the first country to use aeroplanes to drop bombs when they attacked Tripoli in 1911.

Many thousands of Italian settlers moved to Libya to set up businesses and farms, which were going to supply food and produce for Italy and its Empire. Libyans had some of their land in Cyrenaica taken from them by force and about 70,000 people died during the battles, starved, or were decimated by the terrible epidemic (called "Spanish flu") of 1918. Many thousands escaped to Egypt, but soon moved back when the new Italian governor Italo Balbo started a friendly attitude toward Arabs.

Italian Libya enjoyed in the late 1930s a huge development, with the creation of new railways, ports, hospitals, airports, roads. In those years the agricultural economy boomed, thanks to the creation of many dozens of new villages for Italian & Arab farmers. There was even an international race-car competition outside Tripoli ("Grand Prix of Tripoli" ).

Much of the North African Campaign of World War II was fought in Libya, including the Battle of Tobruk. The British captured Tripolitania in 1942 and ruled it until 1951.

After World War II, the regions of Libya were ruled by military governors from both Britain and France. The United Nations made Libya an independent country, the United Kingdom of Libya, in 1951. This was to be a constitutional monarchy, ruled by King Idris I and his successors. Idris (Muhammad Idris bin Muhammad al-Mahdi as-Senussi) (13 March 1890—25 May 1983) had been the Emir of Cyrenaica, but went into exile in Egypt in 1922. At the end of the war, he returned as emir, with support of Britain. He was also asked to be Emir of Tripolitania. He was able to unite the three regions and became the king of the United Kingdom of Libya on 24 December 1951.

The problems facing Libya were huge. The country was poor, with little in the way of goods to export. Only 250,000 people could read. There were only 16 Libyan college graduates, no Libyan doctors, engineers, pharmacists, or surveyors. The United Nations estimated that 10% of the people were blind from eye diseases, especially trachoma. Idris was a religious leader did not take much interest in the affairs of government. His government was seen to be corrupt, and did nothing about an increasing rise in Arab nationalism which had brought Nasser to power in Egypt in 1952. Once oil was discovered, Libya became one of the largest oil producing countries in the world. Many Libyans felt that Cyrenaica was getting more of the oil money than the rest of the country. A lot of the money from oil was also going to overseas companies.

In the early morning of 1 September 1969, a group of military officers took over the government in a coup d'état. Colonel Muammar al-Gaddafi was named as chief of staff of the military. From 1970 to 1972 he served as Prime Minister. He began a political system named "The Third Universal Theory". This is a mix of socialism and Islam, based on tribal government. It was to be put in place by the Libyan people themselves in a unique form of "direct democracy." Al-Gaddafi called this "jamahiriya".

Some of his first actions were to take back control of the oil and send the remaining Italian settlers back to Italy. He also closed down the American USAF base.

In 1977 Libya became "Al-Jamahiriya al-`Arabiyah al-Libiyah ash-Sha`biyah al-Ishtirakiyah al-Uzma" . In English, the name means the "Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya".

Libya was alleged to have sponsored anti-western groups. Gaddafi openly supported independence movements like Nelson Mandela's African National Congress, Palestinian Liberation Organization, the Irish Republican Army, the Polisario Front (Western Sahara) and more. Because of this Libya's foreign relations with several western nation were negatively effected, and it would become a reason for US to bomb Libya in 1986. Gaddafi survived the bombing, the action of US was condemned by many countries and UN general assembly.

Libya had also supplied weapons and money to the Irish Republican Army during its fight with the British government in Northern Ireland. Gaddafi developed a good relationship with revolutionary Colombian Marxist–Leninist guerrilla group called FARC. Activities also included such as Libyan contribution towards Falklands War, where Gaddafi had provided 20 launchers, 60 SA-7 missiles, machine guns, mortars and mines to the Argentinian government. Libya was alleged to have role in bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland in 1988 and French UTA Flight 772 in 1989, despite the investigation found no evidence which involves any Libyan role.

The United Nations put economic sanctions in place against Libya in 1992. These sanctions stopped other countries selling weapons, investing money, or even allowing their people to visit Libya. After six days when US had captured Iraq's Saddam Hussein, Gaddafi renounced Libya's weapons of mass destruction programs and welcomed international inspections to verify that he would follow through on the commitment. Gaddafi said he hopes that other nations would follow his example. UN removed the sanctions in the same year. Gaddafi solved the Lockerbie plane crash issue by paying US$2.7 billion to the families of the victims. Prime Minister of Libya Shukri Ghanem, told in the interviews that Gaddafi was "paying the price for peace" with the West, and suggested that Libya had no role in the case. United Nations observers would acknowledge such statement and cast doubt towards the whole issue.
Gaddafi also set about having normal relations with other countries. Western European leaders and many working-level and commercial delegations were able to visit the country. He made his first trip to Western Europe in 15 years when he traveled to Brussels in April 2004. He reattached the ties with Russia once again, which had remained idle since the collapse of the Soviet Union.

By 2010, Libya's Human Development Index was highest in Africa, the country ranked at #53 overall as 'High standard' on living bases. Libya remained a debt-free nation. In 2011, Human rights in Libya were praised by the U.N. Human rights council. However, after civil war the human rights seems to be getting worse. In March 2013, according to the Barnabas Fund, at least 48 Christians were tortured inside Libya, one died in custody.

Every Libyan who is older than 18 can vote. This means that voting (also known as "suffrage") in Libya is "universal".

In February 2011, a civil war broke out in Libya when rebels fought against Colonel Muammar al-Gaddafi and his government. NATO intervened in the war in favor of the rebels. However, some rebels had links with al-Qaeda. NATO ended its mission in October after Colonel al-Gaddafi was reported to have been killed. In the aftermath of the civil war, a low-level rebellion by al-Gaddafi loyalists continued. Armed militias filled the gap left by the revolution. Two different national governments were organized in Tripoli and Tobruk and many fighters did not follow either of them.



Population density

The population density of a country or city or other place is a number showing how crowded that place is. It is got by dividing the population by the area. For example, France has a population of 60,561,200, and an area of 551,695 square kilometres, so its population density is about 109.8 persons per square kilometre.

A number of factors affect population density. For example, the climate. Greenland has a very low population density because people cannot live on its large glacier (ice sheet) or survive in such frigid temperatures.

Many cities are near rivers, because the first settlers wanted somewhere close to water to start a society. Areas around rivers often have a high population density.

The population density of New York City is 10,292 persons per square kilometre. Other places, such as large countries, can have very low population densities. The population density of Canada is only 3.8 persons per square kilometre because it is such a big country.

The country with the highest population density in the world is Monaco, with 16,620 persons per square kilometre. The country with the lowest is Greenland, which has only 0.03 persons per square kilometre.


Joey

Joey has the following meanings:

Saturday Night Fever

Saturday Night Fever is a 1977 American drama movie. It stars John Travolta as a 19 year old working-class Italian American man named Tony Manero. Manero lives with his parents and works in a dead-end job at a small hardware store. He tries to escape his problem-filled life in Brooklyn by dancing at a nightclub in New York City. The soundtrack (an album that has disco songs that were heard in the movie) of the movie includes music by the Bee Gees and many other artists. Both the album and movie were very popular. There are two versions of the movie: the original R-rated version and the PG-rated version which came out a year later so the movie could be popular with younger people. A sequel called "Staying Alive" was released in 1983 also starring John Travolta.

Greyhound

A Greyhound is a dog breed that is skinny, has long legs, and runs faster than any other breed of dog. It is one of the oldest breeds of dogs. For centuries, people have raced them in some parts of the world. Greyhound racing is a bit like horse racing in many ways. In recent years, many Greyhounds have been mistreated or killed especially after they get too old to race, but many animal rights rescue groups try to stop that and to help them be adopted by people to keep as pets.

Grand unification theory

