She was born in Pawnee City, Nebraska. She died from a stroke and brain tumors, age 73.

Barbara Stuart

Barbara Ann Stuart (née McNeese; January 3, 1930 – May 15, 2011) was an American actress. She played Marianne Danzig in "Our Family Honor". She also played Alice in "Pete and Gladys"

Stuart was born Barbara Ann McNeese in Paris, Illinois, which is the seat of Edgar County in eastern Illinois.

On May 15, 2011, Stuart died in St. George, Utah, at the age of 81. She was survived by a brother and three stepchildren.

Silvana Mangano

Silvana Mangano (21 April 1930 – 16 December 1989) was an Italian actress. She was born in Rome to an English mother and an Italian father. She played Silvana in "Bitter Rice". She also played the title character in "Anna" (1951).

Mangano was born in Rome. She was married to Dino De Laurentiis from 1949 until they divorced in 1988. She died from lung cancer in Madrid, age fifty-nine.

TeenNick

TeenNick is an American pay television channel. The channel broadcast programs for teenagers. It is named after the "TEENick" block on Nickelodeon. TEENick started in 2001. TeenNick replaced Nick GaS and The N programming block on Noggin.

The TEENick block first broadcast on March 4, 2001. It lasted until February 1, 2009. The block aired on Sunday nights from 6 to 9 p.m. ET/PT. In 2005, it was rebroadcast on Saturday from 8 to 10 p.m. ET/PT. It replaced the SNICK block that started in 1992. Saturday night editions were broadcast as "TEENick Saturday Night" until 2007. At that time, the name was changed to "TEENick" for both broadcasts. The first host was Nick Cannon. The next host was Jason Everhart, also known as "J. Boogie".
A block also aired on January 16, 2007 until May 12, 2007. It returned on March 1, 2008. The block included shows such as " All That", "The Amanda Show", "Drake & Josh", "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide", "Unfabulous", "Mr. Meaty", "Zoey 101", and "".

Mary Sheldon Barnes

Mary Downing Sheldon Barnes (September 15, 1850 – August 27, 1898) was a historian and teacher from the United States. She taught her students how to use primary sources and problem-solving to do their research in college. Anna Strunsky was inspired by Sheldon's work.

Mary Downing Sheldon was born in Oswego, New York. She had four siblings. She was the oldest of them all. Her mother was named Frances Stiles. Her father was Edward Austin Sheldon. Her father founded Oswego State Normal and Training School. Sheldon would go to school there. She graduated in 1869. She worked there as a teacher for two years. She then went to school at the University of Michigan. She graduated in 1876 with a degree in classics. She went back to Oswego State Normal and Training School where she taught for two years. She taught history, Latin, botany, and Greek. She stopped work at Oswego and started working at Wellesley College in 1876. She worked there for two and a half years. She used case methods in her teaching. She quit working there in 1879 because she was sick and also had problems with the people who worked there. After she quit, she relaxed so she would feel better, and then traveled for fun. In 1882, she went back to work at Oswego. She wrote a book while she was there, called "Studies in General History". It was published in 1885.

On August 6, 1885, Sheldon got married. She married a man named Earl Barnes. She met him when he was a student of hers, and he was 11 years younger than her. He became the head of the education department at Stanford University in 1981. Sheldon moved with him and also worked at Stanford. She researched and taught classes about the History of Europe and the Pacific Slope areas. Sheldon and Barnes wrote a book together in 1891. It was called "Studies in American History." They also wrote another book in 1896, together. She wrote another book of her own, too. It was called "Studies of Historical Method," and taught readers about historical method. In 1897, Sheldon and Barnes quit working at Stanford. They traveled to Europe and wrote while they were there.

On August 27, 1898, Sheldon died of heart disease in London. The teaching and writing that she did about research and historical method is considered ahead of its time. The work that she did helped improve history textbooks that are used today. In 1985 and 1986, papers, writings and other materials owned by Sheldon and Barnes were donated to the Sophia Smith Collection at Smith College by Betty Barnes, the daughter-in-law of Earl Barnes, and his second wife, Anna Koehler Barnes.


Jessie Street National Women's Library

The Jessie Street National Women's Library is a library which has books, music, photographs, and more about women's history in Australia. It is located in the city of Ultimo in New South Wales. It was founded in 1989 so that it would be easier to find books and sources about women, as sources about women's history are harder to find than other types of history. It is named after Jessie Street, an Australian suffragette. People who donated money to start the library, called patrons, are Laurence Street, who is Jessie Street's son, Elizabeth Evatt, Judith Wright, and Oodgeroo Noonuccal. The library has a collection of books, papers, writings, recordings, and more, related to women's organizations, famous Australian women, and more. 

Vehicle fire

A vehicle fire (or car fire) is an uncontrolled burning of an automobile. It is one of the most common causes of property damage by fire.

Motor vehicles have quite a few flammable parts and liquids, including gasoline and oil. They also have parts that can start fires, including air bag detonators and hot exhaust systems.

Some car fires are arson. 

Ray Fox

Raymond Lee Fox, Sr. (May 28, 1916 – June 15, 2014) was an American engine builder, NASCAR car owner and NASCAR engine inspector. His cars won fourteen NASCAR Grand National (now Sprint Cup) events and sixteen pole positions.

He was inducted in many halls of fame, including the International Motorsports Hall of Fame.

Fox died died on June 15, 2014 of pneumonia at Daytona Beach, Florida, aged 98.


Ningali Cullen

Ningali Cullen (1942-2012) was an Aboriginal activist. She was also the co-chair of the National Sorry Day Committee. 

She was born in Ooldea, South Australia in 1942. When she was four years old, she was taken away from her family, with her brother and a sister. Cullen and her brother were taken to the Koonibba Lutheran Mission Home near Ceduna, South Australia. She went to school at Concordia College. She was the first female Aboriginal student who had ever gone there.

After she graduated college from Concordia, she became a nurse. She worked at Royal Adelaide Hospital, Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia, and other places. She moved to Port Augusta in 1964. She saw a lot of discrimination against Aboriginal people when she worked in hospitals. It made her very angry. She married Lawrie Kinnear while she was a nurse. She had three children with Kinnear.

It had been a very long time since she had seen her mother, May Cobby. She found out where her mother was living and she visited her. In 1965, Cobby disappeared. She was taken while waiting at a restaurant with her daughter Mabel, who was the only child out of the four who was not taken from her when they were little. The police were called by the staff who worked at the restaurant. The police were asked to ask May and Mabel to leave the area. Mabel was arrested and May was left at the restaurant. Cullen asked for information on her mother's arrest and the police refused to give her any information. No one could find May.

Cullen became an activist after her mother disappeared. She worked to get more healthcare for Aboriginal people. She also helped people to stop using drugs and alcohol. She worked for the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Commission (ATSIC) in 1990. In 1992, she moved to Canberra, where she worked in healthcare for ATSIC.

She did a lot of work with organizations helping to locate people who were missing from the Aboriginal communities. She helped found National Sorry Day and was a member of the Stolen Generation. She worked with families and people involved in that group.

In 2003, Cullen married for a second time. She married a man named Derick Cullen. She died on May 10, 2012.

Robert Lebeck

Robert Lebeck (21 March 1929 – 14 June 2014) was an award-winning German photojournalist. Lebeck was born in Berlin. He became well known in 1960 after his report on the independence of the Congo "Afrika im Jahre Null" ("Africa in Year Zero"). This included a photo of an African boy standing next to the steel scabbard of Belgian King Baudouin. That picture remains his "calling card".

Lebeck died in Berlin, Germany, aged 85.

Isabel Martínez de Perón

María Estela Martínez Cartas de Perón (; born 4 February 1931), better known as Isabel Martínez de Perón or Isabel Perón, is a former President of Argentina. She was the third wife of the former President, Juan Perón. 

During her husband's third term as president from 1973 to 1974, Isabel served as both vice president and First Lady. Following her husband's death in office in 1974, Isabel served as president from 1 July 1974 to 24 March 1976.

She was arrested near her home in Spain on 12 January 2007 over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976.


Roberto Eduardo Viola

Roberto Eduardo Viola (October 13, 1924 – September 30, 1994) was an Argentine military officer. He briefly served as president of Argentina from March 29 to December 11, 1981 as a military dictatorship. Viola found his maneuvering space greatly reduced, and was ousted by a military coup in December 1981.

Carlos Alberto Lacoste

Carlos Alberto Lacoste (February 2, 1929 – June 24, 2004) was an Argentine navy vice-admiral and politician. He briefly served as interim President of Argentina for ten days from December 11 to December 21 1981.

Knott's Berry Farm

Knott's Berry Farm is a theme park in Buena Park, California that is owned by . Since Cedar Fair bought it the number of people who visited the park has increased. According to the 2013 Global Attractions Attendance Report, it is the 13th most visited theme park in North America. The park has 40 rides, including roller coasters, family rides, children's rides, water rides, and historical rides, and there are plans to make the park bigger in the future.

The theme park sits on what used to be a berry farm that was built by Walter Knott, Cordelia Knott, and their family. Starting around 1920, the family started selling berries, berry preserves, and pies from a roadside stand. In 1934, they started selling fried chicken dinners inside a tea room that is on the farm. They later built shops and other attractions to entertain visitors. In 1940, Walter Knott built a ghost town on the farm, and added other attractions over many years. In 1968, Knott's Berry Farm started to charge people to visit the park. In 1983, the park added Camp Snoopy.

In the 1990s, the Knott children sold the family business after Walter and Cordelia Knott died. The theme park was sold to and the food business was sold to ConAgra Foods, which was later sold to The J.M. Smucker Company.

Cedar Fair continued to make the park bigger in 1999 by adding Knott's Soak City. They also added more rides to Knott's Berry Farm.

In the 1950s Walter Knott opened a "summer-long county fair". In 1968, for the first time people had to pay get into the park - 25 cents. The Calico log ride was added in 1969. On April 12, 1974, Cordelia Knott died, and Walter turned his attention toward political causes.

Sky Tower was built to support two attractions, the Parachute Sky Jump (now closed) and the Sky Cabin. Parachute Sky Jump had one or two standing riders looking forward to the thrill of the drop into baskets beneath a parachute canopy. From the top, eight arms supported the vertical cable tracks of wire rope which lifted the baskets. The Sky Cabin ringed the support pole with a single floor of seats. The Sky Cabin ring revolves slowly as it rises to the top and back offering a pleasantly changing view. Sky Cabin is very sensitive to weather and passenger motion, such as walking, which is not allowed during the trip. During winds 25 mph+ or rain it is closed. When built, Sky Tower was the tallest structure in Orange County (a distinction now held by nearby WindSeeker.) The illuminated "K" in logo script at the top of the Sky Tower was designated a landmark which prevented Knott's plan of changing the foundation to support WindSeeker.

Corkscrew debuted in 1975 as the first modern-day roller coaster to perform a 360-degree inverting element twice. It was designed by Arrow Development. Corkscrew is still operating to this day, but was sold and moved in 1989 to Silverwood in Athol, Idaho. Montezooma's Revenge was later opened in 1978 and remains in operation at Knott's Berry Farm.

Leopoldo Galtieri

Leopoldo Fortunato Galtieri Castelli (15 July 1926 12 January 2003) was an Argentine general and politician. He served as President of Argentina from 22 December 1981 to 18 June 1982. This was during the last military dictatorship (known officially as the National Reorganization Process). He was removed from power soon after the British retook the Falkland Islands, whose invasion he had ordered.

Galtieri was born in the Buenos Aires area. He entered the Argentine Army, and studied engineering. He was a skilled engineer, and he rose quickly through the ranks of the Argentine military. In 1975, he became the head of the Engineering Corps of the army. 

When Jorge Rafael Videla took power a year later, Galtieri supported him. Videla was a brutal dictator, and thousands of people were murdered under his rule. 

In 1981, Videla stepped down. Galtieri took power late that year after removing Roberto Viola in a coup d'état. Although not as brutal as Videla, he continued the "Dirty War."

The United States supported Galtieri. He was a strong anti-communist. Because of this, the United States saw Argentina as an ally against the Soviet Union in the Cold War.

Soon after Galtieri took power, the Argentine economy was about to fall apart. Inflation, the rate at which new money is put into the economy, was as high as 130%. Unemployment was very high, and the state oil company lost six billion dollars in a matter of months. This is the worst loss of money any corporation has had in all of history. 

Galtieri allowed people to disagree with him more than the leaders who came before him. Protests against his dictatorship became common.

By 1982, Galtieri's popularity was low. He wanted more people to support him. He also wanted to increase Argentine patriotism. For many years, Argentina had said the Falkland Islands (a British territory) was actually theirs. The British did not see Argentina as a war threat, and didn't heavily defend the islands. 

With Jorge Anaya, one of the other members of the junta, Galtieri thought of a plan to take over the islands. Galtieri ordered the Argentine military to invade the islands. After bombarding the capital city, Port Stanley, Argentina forced the British Governor of the islands, Rex Hunt, to surrender.

Galtieri became very popular after the invasion, and huge celebrations were held in Buenos Aires. His regime seemed to be very strong. But Galtieri had badly misread what British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher would do. He also believed he would have the support of the United States. However, the United States (and most of the world) supported Britain. 

The British sent their armed forces to the islands. After heavy fighting, the British defeated Argentina in June. Within days, the Argentine army turned on Galtieri, and he was removed from power.

Afterwards, Galtieri was put on trial for crimes against humanity. Although one report wanted him to be executed, he was sentenced to twelve years in prison. In 1989, he was pardoned. 

After leaving prison, Galtieri lived in a suburb of Buenos Aires. Never a rich man, he lived modestly for the rest of his life. Galtieri died from a heart attack caused by surgery to remove a cancerous tumor in his pancreas. He was 76 years old. 

Today, Galtieri is commonly viewed as a very incompetent dictator. He is often blamed for Argentina losing the Falklands War.

Raúl Alfonsín

Raúl Ricardo Alfonsín (12 March 1927 – 31 March 2009) was an Argentine lawyer, politician and statesman. He served as the President of Argentina from December 10, 1983, to July 8, 1989.

Alfonsín was the first democratically elected president of Argentina following the military government known as the National Reorganization Process. He was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award for International Cooperation in 1985, among numerous other such recognitions.

Alfonsín died from lung cancer in Buenos Aires, aged 82.

Alfredo Oscar Saint Jean

Alfredo Oscar Saint-Jean (11 November 1926 – 2 September 1987) was an Argentine Army major general and politician. He served as President of Argentina in 1982. 

Having been appointed Interior Minister in 1981 by Leopoldo Galtieri, he briefly served as President of Argentina from 18 June 1982 to 1 July 1982, during a period of military rule. 

Saint-Jean's brief period as President in June and July 1982 ended when he was succeeded by General Reynaldo Bignone.

Ted Levine

Frank Theodore "Ted" Levine (born May 29, 1957) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Buffalo Bill in "The Silence of the Lambs" and as Captain Leland Stottlemeyer in the television series "Monk". In 2018, he starred as Ken Wheatley in "". He is the voice of Monstar Bang in "".


Bellaire, Ohio

Bellaire is a village in Belmont County, Ohio, United States. The population was 3,870 at the 2020 census.

Norridge, Illinois

Norridge is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 15,251 at the 2020 census. It is notable for being the location of the Harlem Irving Plaza.

Norridgewock, Maine

Norridgewock is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States. The population was 3,278 at the 2020 census.

Buffalo Bill

William Frederick "Buffalo Bill" Cody (February 26, 1846 – January 10, 1917) was an American soldier, bison hunter and showman.

He was born in the Iowa Territory (now the U.S. state of Iowa), in Le Claire but he grew up for several years in his father's hometown in Canada before his family moved to the Kansas Territory.

Buffalo Bill started working at the age of eleven after his father's death. He became a writer for the Pony Express at age 14. During the American Civil War, he served from 1863 to the end of the war in 1865. Later he served as a civilian scout to the US Army during the Indian Wars, receiving the Medal of Honor in 1872.

One of the most colorful figures of the American Old West, Buffalo Bill became famous for the Wild West shows he organized with cowboy themes, which he toured in Great Britain and Europe as well as the United States.

Cody died of kidney failure on January 10, 1917, surrounded by family and friends at his sister's house in Denver. Cody was baptized into the Catholic Church the day before his death by Father Christopher Walsh of the Denver Cathedral.


Anna-Teresa Tymieniecka

Anna-Teresa Tymieniecka (February 28, 1923 – June 7, 2014) was a Polish-American philosopher and writer. She was one of the most important and most active contemporary phenomenologists. She was a founder and president of the World Phenomenology Institute. She had also been the editor of the book series "Analecta Husserliana" since the late 1960s.
Tymieniecka was born in Marianowo, Poland to a Polish-French family. She was married to Dutch-American economist Hendrik Houthakker for 52 years until his death in 2008. They had three children; Louis, Jan and Isabelle.

Tymieniecka died on June 7, 2014 in Pomfret, Vermont, aged 91.


World's Columbian Exposition

The World's Columbian Exposition (the official shortened name for the World's Fair: Columbian Exposition, also known as The Chicago World's Fair) was a World's Fair held in Chicago in 1893 to celebrate the 400th anniversary of Christopher Columbus' arrival in the New World in 1492.

Chicago won the honor of hosting the fair and defeated New York City; Washington, D.C.; and St. Louis of hosting the fair.

The fair was an influential social and cultural event. At the fair many inventors such as Thomas Edison, Milton S. Hershey, Nikola Tesla, George Ferris, and Marshall Field were there. Many other famous people were there too such as President Grover Cleveland, Mark Twain, Buffalo Bill, Sitting Bull, Scott Joplin, Mayor Carter Harrison, Sr., and Daniel Burnham.

The exposition was where many famous inventions were first presented and many modern items such as the Ferris wheel, Quaker Oats, Hershey's, the Frontier thesis was presented, and the United States Mint, in the United States of America, offered its first commemorative coins.

George Washington Gale Ferris Jr.

George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr. (January 15, 1869 – November 22, 1896) was an American engineer. He is most known for creating the original Ferris wheel for the 1893 Chicago World's Columbian Exposition.


George Ferris

George Ferris may refer to:


Hendrik Houthakker

Hendrik Samuel "Henk" Houthakker (December 31, 1924 – April 15, 2008) was a Dutch-American academic, economist and academic. He taught at Stanford University from 1954 to 1960. He then completed the rest of his career at Harvard University. He also served on President Richard Nixon's Council of Economic Advisers from 1969 to 1971.

Houthakker was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands to a Jewish family. During World War II, he and his family were sheltered by Roman Catholics. After the war, he graduated from the University of Amsterdam in 1949. He was married to Polish-American philosopher Anna-Teresa Tymieniecka, the founder of the World Phenomenology Institute, for 52 years until Houthakker's death. They had three children; Louis, Jan and Isabelle.

Houthakker died from problems caused by myasthenia gravis on April 15, 2008 in Lebanon, New Hampshire, aged 83.

Dahlonega, Georgia

Dahlonega is a city in and the county seat of Lumpkin County in northern Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 7,537. This city is known for its rich wineries and its annual Gold Rush Festival.

Dahlonega (disambiguation)

Dahlonega may refer to:


Mortal Kombat X

Mortal Kombat X is a fighting video game. It was developed by NetherRealm Studios and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. It is the tenth main game in the "Mortal Kombat" series.

The game was released on April 3, 2015 for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows. On April 7, 2015, an iOS version was released.

"Mortal Kombat X" became the fastest-selling game in the "Mortal Kombat" franchise. Creator Ed Boon said it was "the biggest launch in Mortal Kombat history".

Like the last game, The energy meter returns to allow the player to use techniques like the brutal X-Ray moves, with some refinements made to their system. Players can also now interact with the environment, like bouncing off areas to reposition themselves or being able to use parts of the environment as weapons. Fighters have three different types of fighting variations. The makers are planing on having a fully-connected online functionality.

There have been four new fighters that have been announced for the game so far: D'Vorah, a woman who controls insects; Ferra/Torr, a pairing consisting of a small girl and a giant masked brute; Cassie Cage, the daughter of Johnny Cage and Sonya Blade; and Kotal Kahn, a character that have not been described yet. According to series creator Ed Boon, the game's main villain will be a "surprise returning character."


Game Informer rated the game a 9.25 out of 10. Brian Shea of "Game Informer" said that the game was "more than the continuation of NetherRealm’s successful vision for the franchise; it’s one of the best fighting games in years".

The Escapist rated the game 4.5 out of 5 stars. Joshua Vanderwall of "The Escapist" said that he liked the gameplay and the roster. He called the options "exquisite fighting-game experiences". Vanderwall also said that the story mode was "the best story mode I've ever personally seen in a fighting game".


Don Jon

Don Jon is a 2013 American romantic comedy-drama movie written and directed by Joseph Gordon-Levitt. It stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Scarlett Johansson, Julianne Moore, and Tony Danza. It was released to positive reviews on September 27, 2013.

Jon Martello is a young Italian-American and modern-day Don Juan living in New Jersey. He enjoys his independent life, which consists of working out, caring for his apartment, driving his 1972 Chevrolet Chevelle SS, going to church with his family, and engaging in a casual sex life. Though he enjoys sex, he is more satisfied by masturbating to hardcore pornography.


Transvision Vamp

Transvision Vamp were a British rock band. They were formed in Putney, London in 1986 and split up in 1991. Its members were Wendy James, Nick Christian Sayer, Dave Parsons, Anthony Doughty, Pol Burton, James Piper and Martin Hallett.

They released three albums: Pop Art, Velveteen (which reached number 1 on the UK albums chart, and Little Magnets Versus the Bubble of Babble. They released 11 singles: their most successful, Baby I Don't Care, reached number 3 in the UK singles chart.

Thrashing (computer science)

Thrashing is when the OS (Operating System) of a computer spends most of its time switching pages between memory and the disk. This seriously hurts the computer's performance. It prevents the computer from performing any useful work. Thrashing can also happen when the hard disk is attempting to retrieve files scattered all over the disk.

Districts of Wales

In 1974, Wales was re-divided for local government purposes into thirty-seven districts. Districts were the second tier of local government introduced by the Local Government Act 1972. They were subdivisions of the eight counties introduced at the same time. This system of two-tier local government was abolished in 1996 and replaced with the current system of unitary principal areas.

Each district was administered by an elected district council. The council was entitled to petition for a charter granting borough status, whereupon the district became a "borough" and the district council a "borough council" headed by a mayor. In addition, a district could be granted Letters Patent granting city status.

Gendarmerie Nationale

In France, the National Gendarmerie is one of the divisions of the French Armed Forces, the military police. They are responsible for the public safety. They act like police for the citizens of France. It also contains a military police force and a special forces component, the GIGN. In 2011 more than 98,155 people were working for the National Gendarmerie in France.

The Gendarmerie works together with the other national law enforcement agency, the Police Nationale. And since 2009, even though this force is a part of the armed forces establishment, it belonged to the Ministry of the Interior as its military component and it is part of its operations and the budget. They fulfill national security duties and duties in support of their ministry. 

They are also responsible for road patrols. The police can stop drivers. When they do so, it is called a contrôle. They can ask for a driver's identification papers and car papers at any time. 

Their weapon quote is Gendarmerie, une force humaine. This literally means "Gendarmerie, a human armed force."

The name "Gendarmerie" comes from "gens d’arme," which means "armed people." This military corp has an exploding grenade as its logo. Instead of metal medals, Gendarmes wear ribbons. These are called bâtons. They get ribbons, inter alia, for service abroad. 

Since a few years ago, the Gendarmes' flat hat, called a képi, has only been used for special occasions. 

The French did not have a uniform until the late 17th century, though some companies had recognizable coat colors. Light grey was common, but red and blue were also worn. It was said that the French in the 17th century had an addiction to bows, ribbons, and plumes, which was suitable to the future leaders of European fashion. Guard Gendarmes probably had red coats. Many guard troops wore the royal badge on their back and their breast. In the 16th century, national signs were that they wore a white cross on their back and on their breast. In the 17th century this became a white sash. 

Nowadays the Gendarmerie uses bulletproof and tactical vests and body armour. A anti-riot shield is used during a heavier riot. They also make use of the spectra helmet. This spectra helmet is fitted with a visor for extra protection of the face. If a tear gas is used, the operators use a special gas mask, which protects them from the dangerous gasses. They also have apparatus for throwing tear gas canisters and FAMAS riffles. This is a sort of weapon. This equipment helps protect Gendarmes while they are doing their jobs.

This is the territorial police branch of the Gendarmerie. It is the branch that is most similar to France’s common police. It has regular contact with France’s population and does jobs similar to the Police of France. The Departmental Gendarmerie is divided into Brigades consisting of 6 to 40 operators. A brigade performs observation and may give assistance to citizens in regulated periods, during both daytime and nighttime.

The Mobile Gendarmerie has several tasks, which include riot control, security of significant places (like embassies), conducting OPEX (External Operations), and providing support to the Departmental Gendarmerie. It is divided into 25 legions, including one advanced armoured anti-riot police group. The Mobile Gendarmerie has control over the GIGN, the counter-terrorism part of the Gendarmerie Nationale.

The GIGN members are well trained to conduct special operations such as hostage rescue. They are also trained in maritime anti-terrorism operations. They are trained to conduct operations with no risk to the public and the hostages. 
A ceremonial unit that takes part in parades and secures important locations in a formal way.

Supervised by the Gendarmerie and the French Navy, the Maritime Gendarmerie conducts maritime surveillance, assistance and rescue at sea; police security at naval bases; and police at sea. They do these jobs not only in France, but also in other countries like French Guiana, Guadeloupe, and others.

The air transport gendarmerie is similar to the Gendarmerie de L’air. The Gendarmerie de L’air conducts safety operations in air force bases and goes to accidents involving military aircraft. Its missions include securing civilian airports, surveillance of technical things in the airport (like control towers), traffic control on the roads near airports, and making sure that important visitors are safe and well protected at airports.

-Subaru Impreza WRX STI (In use until 2011)
-Renault Megane RS (In use since 2011 and on)
-BMW R1100RT Motorcycle
-IVECO Daily van
-Renault Trafic van
-Many other cars, like the Ford Focus and Transit.

-VXB VBRG Armored Personnel Carrier
-VBC-90 Armoured Combat Vehicle

-Eurocopter EC145 Helicopter

-1 Trident class Patrol boat
-2 Géranium class Patrol Boats
-2 Jonquille class Patrol Boats
-24 Vedette class Small Patrol boats
-2 Pétulante class Small Patrol Crafts
-8 Pavois Class Small Patrol Craft

-Height Adjustible Rescue Assault System (HARAS): Based on a Chevrolet Suburban.
"The GIGN makes use of the helicopters belonging to the French Air Force."
- 5 Aérospatiale AS532 Cougar Helicopter
- 2 Sud-Aviation SA330 Puma Helicopter
- 9 Eurocopter EC725 Caracal
- 1 Eurocopter EC665 Tigre

-Horses

-SIG Sauer P226 Pistol 
-FAMAS Bullpup Assault Rifle
-Sig-Sauer P226
-Tear gas launcher
-T-Style Baton

"Pistols:"
-Manurhin MR 73 
-Glock 19
-S&W 686
-Sig-Sauer P228
-FN Five-Seven
-Giat PAMAS G1
-Sig-Sauer Pro SP 2022
-X26 Taser

"Shotguns:"
-Remington 870
-Benelli M3 Super 90
-Franchi SPAS 12

"Sub-machine Guns: "
-HK MP5
-FN P90

"Assault Rifles:"
-HK G3 TGS
-SIG-550
-SIG-551
-HK33
-FAMAS F1
-HK G36
-HK 416

"Marksman weapons:"
-MR-73
-AW .338
-PGM Hecate II

-FAMAS F1
-Swords

Fishing reel

A fishing reel is a device attached to a fishing rod used in winding and unwinding fishing line. 

Modern fishing reels are designed to help in casting for distance and accuracy. Reels also retrieve line, usually with a handle. Fishing reels are traditionally used in the recreational sport of angling. They are also used in the sport of competitive casting. Reels are usually attached to a fishing rod by some means. However specialized reels are made to be mounted directly to the boat gunwales or transoms. 

The first writing describing a fishing reel is from about 1100 years ago in China. Fishing reels first appeared in England around 1650 AD. By the 1760s, London tackle shops were advertising gear-retrieved reels. An American watchmaker and inventor, George W. Snyder, invented the first gear multiplying reel abut 1810.

Pamiers

Pamiers () is a "commune" in the Ariège department in the Occitanie region in southwestern France. It is a subprefecture of the department. Although Pamiers is the largest city in Ariège, the capital is Foix, a smaller city.

In 1111, the city was officially founded by the Count Roger II of Foix and the abbot of the of Saint Antonin of Pamiers; they built a castle (now demolished) and named it "Castrum Appamiae", after a Syrian city, Apamea, that was visited by Roger II during the First Crusade. A church was built at the foot of the castle (Our Lady of Mercadal) where is now the cathedral.

The city of Pamiers is along the Ariège river in the plain formed by this river in the northern part of the Ariège department, in southern France.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Pamiers is at to the south of Toulouse, to the north of Foix and to the west of Saint-Girons.

The "commune" of Pamiers is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Pamiers, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Pamiers are known, in French, as "Appaméens" (women: "Appaméennes").

With a population of 15,518, Pamiers is the city in the department with more people living in it; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Pamiers

Pamiers forms, with other 6 "communes", the urban area of Pamiers with a population of 26,727 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Pamiers, formed by 29 "communes" with a population of 35,054 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Pamiers is a subprefecture of the Ariège department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Pamiers and the administrative centre () of two cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Les Portes d'Ariège - Pyrénées" ().

Pamiers is twinned with:




Saint-Girons, Ariège

Saint-Girons (Gascon: "Sent Gironç") is a commune in the Ariège department in the Occitanie region, southwestern France. It is the capital of the former French province of "Couserans" that forms the western part of Ariège.

Unlike its close neighbour Saint-Lizier, Saint-Girons is not an ancient city; there was however a "lucus" (a "sacred forest") on its present territory.

The city is named after Saint Girons, a saint from fifth-century Landes who evangelized in southwestern France. In the ninth century some of his relics were supposedly buried in Saint Girons' Church, around which the city later developed.

Saint-Girons is in the center of a basin at the foot of the Pyrenees and at the confluence of the Salat with the Lez and Baup rivers, in the Ariège department, southern France. The "commune" is part of the Regional Natural Park Pyrenees Ariégeoises.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Saint-Girons is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Saint-Girons, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Saint-Girons are known, in French, as "Saint-Gironnais" or "Gironnais" (women: "Saint-Gironnaises" or "Gironnaises").

Saint-Girons has a population of 6,284 (2014), and population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Saint-Girons

Saint-Girons forms, with other 3 "communes", the urban area of Saint-Girons with a population of 9,652 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Saint-Girons, formed by 39 "communes" with a population of 18,222 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Saint-Girons is a subprefecture of the Ariège department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Girons and the administrative centre () of the canton Couserans Ouest, with 10,686 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Couserans - Pyrénées" ().

Saint-Girons is twinned with:

Some important buildings are:



Joanna Moore

Dorothy Joanne Cook (later Joanna Moore; November 10, 1934 – November 22, 1997) was an American movie and television actress. She appeared in more than eighty roles. She played Penny in "Appointment with a Shadow". She also acted in the 1959 TV series "The Untouchables".

Moore was born in Parrott, Georgia. She died because of lung cancer in Indian Wells, California.

Gloria Talbott

Gloria Talbott (February 7, 1931 – September 19, 2000) was an American actress who acted in movies and television. She acted in the 1959 TV series "The Untouchables". She also played Kay Scott in "All That Heaven Allows".

Talbott was born in Glendale, California. She died there from kidney failure.

Jessie Ralph

Jessie Ralph (November 5, 1864 – May 30, 1944) was an American stage and movie actress. Her roles were mostly dumpy old ladies. She played Greta Garbo's maid in the movie "Camille". In "The Affairs of Cellini", she played Beatrice.

Ralph was born in Gloucester, Massachusetts. She also died there, at age seventy-nine.

Gloucester, Massachusetts

Gloucester is a city in northeast Massachusetts. It is on Cape Ann. At the 2020 U.S. census, 29,729 people lived there.

Isabelle Collin Dufresne

Isabelle Collin Dufresne (stage name, Ultra Violet; 6 September 1935 – 14 June 2014) was a French-American artist, author, and former colleague and superstar of Andy Warhol. Earlier in her career, she worked for and studied with surrealist artist Salvador Dalí. She lived and worked in New York City, and also had a studio in Nice, France.

Dufresne died on 14 June 2014 in New York City from cancer, aged 78.


Mohammad Baqer Shirazi

Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Mohammad Baqir Shirazi (; 26 November 1931 – 13 May 2014) was an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja. 

Shirazi died in Iran from a long illness, aged 82.


Ray Stevenson

George Raymond Stevenson (25 May 1964 – 21 May 2023) was a Northern-Irish actor. He played Dagonet in the movie "King Arthur" (2004) and Titus Pullo in the BBC/HBO television series "Rome" (2005–2007). He has played two Marvel Comics characters. He was the Frank Castle / The Punisher in "" (2008) and "The Super Hero Squad Show" and Volstagg in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (2011–2017). His other movies include "Kill the Irishman" (2011), "The Three Musketeers" (2011); and "RRR" (2022). His television roles include Ukrainian mobster Isaak Sirko in the seventh season of "Dexter", Blackbeard in the third and fourth seasons of "Black Sails", voicing Gar Saxon in "Star Wars Rebels" and "," and Baylan Skoll in "Ahsoka."

Stevenson was married to English actress Ruth Gemmell for eight years. He had 3 sons with Italian anthropologist Elisabetta Caraccia. Stevenson died on 21 May 2023. No cause of death has been revealed.

Kill the Irishman

Kill the Irishman is a 2011 crime-drama movie. It is about Irish-American mobster Danny Greene. Fionnula Flanagan plays Grace O'Keefe. Ray Stevenson plays Danny. 

This movie was released in March 2011.

Connie and Carla

Connie and Carla is a 2004 American comedy movie. The movie is about two women who witness a murder by the Mafia in Chicago. They then go to Los Angeles and pretend to be drag queens in order to stop the Mafia finding them. Nia Vardalos plays Connie. Toni Collette plays Carla.

This movie was released on April 16, 2004.

Triangular gimbap

Triangular gimbap ( is a kind of gimbap. It is made from steamed white rice (bap) and various other ingredients. It is wrapped by gim (sheets of dried laver seaweed) in a triangle shape. The plastic wrapping is folded between the gim and rice. People can make it by themselves but usually they purchase it at a convenience store. They tend to eat it to replace their meals. A refrigerator shelf life is within 1 day. Convenience stores have various kinds of triangular gimbap. The price range is from 700 won to 900 won.

Triangular gimbap was first made in Japan. At first, the name was Onigiri. It was ball-shaped and made to serve quick meals during war. Triangular gimbap was introduced to Korea during the 1990s. In 1991, 7-Eleven began to sell it. Family Mart and GS25 followed it. Nowadays, there are various flavors and types of triangular gimbap: tuna with mayonnaise, Jeonju bibimbap, bulgogi, spicy tuna, cheese spicy chicken, and so on. 

Triangular gimbap is very convenient. It is easy to replace meals with it. However, it has a few side effects that are harmful to people's health. The amount of sodium and fat it contains is near the Daily Reference Value. The nutrients it contains are 20~30% of the amount a person needs to take a day. Also, synthetic preservative was found. It was revealed that several food additives are added to it because the main resource, rice, is at least 2-3 years old and manufacturers added artificial flavor enhancer to remove rice smell and bleach to make the rice whiter.

Casting (fishing)

In fishing, casting is the act of throwing bait or a lure using a fishing rod, reel, and line. Several types of rod and reels are designed just for casting. The method of casting can vary but in each case the object of casting is to get the bait or lure to where the fish are.

The most accurate type of cast is the 'overhead cast'. The angler raises the rod (and reel) back behind the head, then quickly flicks the rod forward, releasing the line as the cast is completed. The 'side cast' is less forceful but easier to learn. The rod is swung back in a horizontal motion then quickly moved forward releasing the line. Both basic methods have variations. But both are popular when using spinning and casting rods. Fly fishing uses similar movements, but the line release is different. All types of rods and reels need to match the weight rating of the rod, reel, line and lure for best performance.

Anyone can learn to cast a lure with a spinning rod and reel in just a few minutes. Two types of spinning reels, open faced and close faced. They work differently. With a closed face reel a push-button is held down and released at the end of the cast. Open face reels require the angler to first open the bail, then hold and release the line with your forefinger as you cast. Open faced reels have a disadvantage when casting short distances. Short casts causes the line to twist. This in turn causes line tangles on the spool. Spinning rods and reels work best using light line and light lures. Spinning reels have an advantage over casting reels when casting into the wind.

Bait casting (also called "baitcasting") reels come in different sizes and capacities. Depending on use, they also can have different features. The common feature is a horizontal spool that the line winds onto. Casting reels usually have better control of the line and lure. They have better accuracy than other types. Bait casting reels are better at handling heavier line and lures. But there is a to become skilled with a bait casting rod and reel. To cast a bait casting reel, a push-button is pressed and held until you want to release the line. Bait casting reels have a tendency to 'snarl' or 'backlash'. This is because during the cast the line is coming off the reel at a high rate of speed. When the lure hits the water the line stops. But the spool on the reel keeps turning, causing the line to snarl up. This is even more so when casting into the wind. Practice with bait casting reels minimizes this problem. To control snarling, bait casting reels usually have a brake. This automatically stops the spool when the line stops. Reels have either a magnetic brake control or a centrifugal brake control. Some have both. These must be adjusted to balance between good distance in casting and preventing backlash. Many anglers set the brake lightly to allow more distance. Then they control the braking with their thumb on the spool. Low-profile bait casting reels are designed especially for using the thumb.

Saltwater baitcasting might seem intimidating, but this dynamic duo of rod and reel can unlock a world of precision angling in the salty realm. Ditch the spinning reel's passive approach – baitcasters offer direct line control, letting you cast with laser accuracy, skip lures across the surface, and maneuver them around structure with finesse, crucial for targeting saltwater veterans like redfish and snook. Their rugged construction stands up to the harshness of the ocean, boasting corrosion-resistant bodies, powerful drags, and sealed bearings to handle aggressive fish and relentless waves. Forget the dreaded backlash – modern baitcasting reels feature advanced braking systems that adapt to your casting style, making them surprisingly beginner-friendly.

So, where do you start? Here are some rod and reel combos to consider for your saltwater baitcasting journey:



Remember, choosing the right rod and reel is personal. Consider your target species, fishing style, and budget when making your decision. Don't be afraid to ask experienced anglers or visit local tackle shops for advice. With the right gear and practice, saltwater baitcasting can open a world of exciting possibilities, transforming you from a passive angler to a master of the tide.

Among the specialized types of casts with a bait casting rod are two made popular by tournament fishermen:

Fly fishermen use artificial flies as a lure. Most flies have almost no weight and by themselves could not be cast with other types of rods and reels. The fly rod works because it uses a much heavier line than the other types. It is the line that is being cast. The fly simply goes where the line goes. Fly casting looks more difficult than it is. In less than a couple of hours most beginners can learn the basic cast. Fly casting is more involved than other types of casting. There are fly fishing schools that teach fly casting.

To cast a fly rod, the angler pulls several feet of line off the reel. The rod tip is moved back then in a fluid motion and accelerating, it is moved forward as the line is released. In fishing streams and rivers, trees and shrubs on the bank may prevent an overhead cast. Another type of cast is the 'roll cast'. Using the rod tip the fisherman forces the rod tip down to roll the line forward. Most fly lines are rated by a weight system. A 1wt (one weight) is very light while a 13wt is very heavy. It would be suitable for large salt water fish. Rods (and reels) are rated by the weight of the line they are designed for. Unfortunately there is no one size for all kinds of fish and fishing situations.

The term may also be used for casting a net. The net is cast (thrown) by hand so that it spreads out on the water and sinks. Fish are caught in the net and it is hauled back in. Net casting is often used to catch fish for bait. Modern cast nets have a radius of from 4 to 12 feet (1.2 to 3.6 metres). A larger net full of fish may take more than one person to pull it in. Cast nets also sometimes use a 'net thrower' device. This helps spin the net as its thrown, keeping it open. Cast nets work best in shallow water.

Casting (known as Casting Sport) is also a sport. The sport is supervised by the International Casting Sport Federation (ICSF). As of April 2014 are in 31 countries.

Casting competitions were active in England and the United States in the later 1800s. In 1881 the first tournament was held just outside of London. In 1955, 14 different national associations started the ICF (now ICSF). The ICSF sets all international standards for the sport. It sponsors tournaments. It also recognizes world records for accuracy and distance. This sport uses plastic weights or hookless flies. Competitions can be held on water or on athletic fields. There are competitive divisions for almost all types of fly, fixed spool and revolving spool tackle, and competitor classes. Competitive casting is part of the World Games.

World Championship in 2014 are to be held in Szamotuly (Poland), from 3 to 7 September.


Fishing line

A fishing line is a thin flexible string or line intended for angling. It can be made from any of a number of materials. Monofilament is the most common. It is made from a single fiber of plastic. Fishing line is rated for its breaking strength, castability, and knot strength. resistance is another good quality of a fishing line. 

Gregg Popovich

Gregg Charles Popovich (born January 28, 1949 in East Chicago, Indiana) is an American basketball coach. He is the head coach of the National Basketball Association's San Antonio Spurs. Taking over as coach of the Spurs in 1996, Popovich is the longest serving active coach in both the NBA and all Big Four sports leagues. He is often called "Coach Pop" or simply "Pop". Popovich has coached the San Antonio Spurs to five NBA championships and an NBA record 18 consecutive seasons with 50 or more wins (despite a 66-game regular season in 2011-12). He is considered one of the greatest NBA coaches of all time and a strong future candidate for the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.

Jerry Reinsdorf

Jerry M. Reinsdorf (born February 25, 1936) is an American lawyer and an owner of the NBA's Chicago Bulls and the MLB's Chicago White Sox. He started his professional life as a tax attorney with the Internal Revenue Service. He has been the head of the White Sox and Bulls for over 25 years.

Poway, California

Poway is a city in San Diego County, California. As of the 2020 census the city had a population of 48,841. The ZIP code is 92064.

Springfield, Vermont

Springfield is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States. The population was 9,062 at the 2020 census.

Joe Pittman

Joseph Wayne Pittman (January 1, 1953 – June 13, 2014), nicknamed "Shoe" or "Shoes", was an American baseball player. He was backup infielder and outfielder. He played in Major League Baseball for the Houston Astros, San Diego Padres and San Francisco Giants in between the seasons of 1981 and 1984.

Pittman was born in Houston, Texas. He was African American.

Pittman died after collapsing at a construction job on June 12, 2014 in Freeport, Texas. He was 61.

Thai solar calendar

The Thai solar calendar is a solar calendar that is used by Thailand. King Chulalongkorn adopted the calendar in AD 1888 to be the Siamese version of the Gregorian calendar. The years are now counted in the Buddhist Era rather than the Christian Era.

On 6 September 1940, Prime Minister Phibunsongkhram stated that 1 January 1941 would be the start of the year 2484 BE, so that year 2483 BE had only nine months. To convert dates from 1 January to 31 March before that year, the number to add or subtract is 542; otherwise, it would be 543.

Anna Lee

Joan Boniface Winnifrith (known as Anna Lee; 2 January 1913 – 14 May 2004) was an English actress. She acted in movies and television. She played Sister Margaretta in "The Sound of Music". She also played Lila in the soap "General Hospital".

Lee was born in the Ightham section of Kent, England. She died from pneumonia at age 91 in Beverly Hills, California.

Helen Levitt

Helen Levitt (August 31, 1913 – March 29, 2009) was an American photographer. She was well known for street photography around New York City.

She was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She died in New York City, age 95.

World Phenomenology Institute

The World Phenomenology Institute (WPI) is an academic organization that recommends scholarship in the area of phenomenology. The organization was founded by Polish-American philosopher Anna-Teresa Tymieniecka (1923–2014) in 1976. It was first called the World Institute for Advanced Phenomenological Research and Learning.


Eden Hazard

Eden Hazard (Born 7 January 1991) is a former Belgian footballer. Over a 16-year career he played for Lille, Chelsea and Real Madrid, as well as for the Belgium national team. He made 126 appearances for Belgium, scoring 33 goals.

Hazard is regarded as one of the best players of his generation.

Alain Mabanckou

Alain Mabanckou (born 24 February 1966) is a writer. He is a French citizen born in the Republic of the Congo.

His first novel was published in 1998. Mabanckou's work has been published in fifteen languages. His non-fiction books talk about Africa and the African diaspora in France.

Mabanckou is a Professor of Literature at UCLA.

Alain Mabanckou was born in Congo-Brazzaville in 1966 . He spent his childhood in the coastal city of Pointe-Noire .He received a scholarship at The Marien Ngouabi University in Brazzaville to go to France at the age of 22 . After receiving a post-graduate Diploma in Law from the Université Paris-Dauphine, he worked for about ten years for the group Suez-Lyonnaise des Eaux.


Highlights

Highlights is a dansband from Sweden.

The band was established in 2004 by Andreas Wistrand, who'd participated at Fame Factory, together with Henrik Sethsson. 

The band released its debut album in 2005, receiving five "plus" when reviewed by Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet. The band also won the Guldklaven award in 2006, in the category "Newcomer of the year".

In 2007 the band charted at Sverigetoppen for 24 weeks with the single "Varje liten droppe regn". The same year, bandmember Andreas Wistrand recorded the Christmas single "Du är det enda jag vill ha", written by , Henrik Sethsson and Ulf Georgsson, together with Swedish singer Sandra Oxenryd.

The band participated at Dansbandskampen in 2008 and 2009, and in 2010, the band participated at Melodifestivalen together with MiSt, performing the song "Come and Get Me Now", which was written by Mia Terngård and Stefan Lebert. However, the song was knocked out of contest.





Rangeley, Maine

Rangeley is a town in Franklin County, Maine in the United States. The population was 1,222 in the 2020 census. The town is on the east side of Rangeley Lake, in the Western Maine mountains. It is a popular summer resort. The winters are very cold with a snow cover. A sign in town says that Rangeley is halfway between the Equator and the North Pole.

Rangeley is named after an English settler, Squire James Rangeley. He had a 31,000 acre piece of land that was bought in 1796 by his father. He came in 1825 to build the town. He built a sawmill, a gristmill, a mansion, and a ten-mile road to get to other towns.

The Phillips and Rangeley railroad opened in 1891 and tourists from Boston; Hartford; New York; and Philadelphia started to come. In the early 1900s, Rangeley became a summer resort area with camps, cabins, summer homes, and hotels. The cool mountain climate and plenty of sport fishing make this a likeable town.

Some local people became fishing guides for visitors. Among the fishermen was President Herbert Hoover. The big hotels went away during World War II. The Rangeley Lake House was torn down in 1958. New hotels have taken their place, so Rangeley remains popular.

One of many famous people who lives in Rangeley is Kurt Russell, the movie star. He quietly owns a home in the mountains here. He is locally called by the name "Snake Plisskin". His father, the actor Bing Russell, was a native of Rangeley.
Wilhelm Reich, a well-known Austrian-American psychiatrist and psychoanalyst made his home in Rangeley during his later years. He took over a large estate () and named it Orgonon. It became his home, laboratory and research center. Reich is buried here on the grounds. It is now open to the public as the Wilhelm Reich Museum, with rental cottages available.


Insurgent (novel)

Insurgent is a 2012 dystopian novel by Veronica Roth. The book is a sequel to the novel "Divergent" and is followed by the final book in the trilogy, "Allegiant". It was number four on the New York Times Best Seller List for Young Adult fiction. "Insurgent" is set after "Divergent", and continues the story of Beatrice Prior.

Allegiant (novel)

Allegiant is the final book in the dystopian trilogy by Veronica Roth. It follows the first two books, "Divergent" and "Insurgent". "Allegiant" takes place a few weeks after "Insurgent". It is double narrated by Tris Prior and Tobias Eaton, her boyfriend

Jorge Romo

Jorge Romo Fuentes (20 April 1923 – 17 June 2014) was a Mexican football midfielder. He played for Mexico in the 1954 and 1958 FIFA World Cups. He also played for Club Deportivo Marte and Deportivo Toluca.

Romo died in Mexico City from natural causes, aged 90.


IPod Touch (5th generation)

The fifth generation iPod Touch (sold as iPod touch, sometimes called the iPod Touch 5 or iPod Touch 5G) is a pocket computer that is designed and sold by Apple Inc. It replaces the fourth generation iPod Touch. Like the iPhone 5, it is a thinner and lighter that introduces a 4-inch screen. Other new features include 1080p video recording, panoramic pictures, an LED flash, an Apple A5 processor, and Siri.

The fifth generation iPod Touch also comes in several different colors: space grey, silver, pink, yellow, blue, and Product Red. The fifth generation iPod Touch was announced along with the iPhone 5 on September 12, 2012, and it was released on October 11, 2012.

At first, the device was only sold in 32 and 64 GB models. The first 16 GB model was introduced on May 30, 2013. It was only available in one color, it didn't have a back camera, and it didn't have the iPod Touch loop that the 32 and 64 GB models have. A new version of the 16 GB model was released on June 26, 2014, and it has the back camera as well as more color options. The prices for all iPod Touch models have also dropped on that same day.

The fifth generation iPod Touch runs Apple's iOS mobile operating system. It shipped with iOS 6, which was released on September 19, 2012. It can play music, movies, television shows, eBooks, audiobooks, and podcasts.

The fifth generation iPod Touch is the first iPod Touch to have Siri, which was also on the iPhone 4S and other iPhone models that came after it. The software was made better in iOS 6 to have the ability to open apps, see movie reviews, sports scores, make Facebook or Twitter updates, and more. It also supports iMessage, an instant messaging service that allows users to send unlimited messages to devices that run iOS 5 or later. Some apps and features that came with iOS 6 included Apple Maps, Passbook, and screen mirroring, meaning that you can be able to put the iPod Touch's screen on a television. The new Apple Maps application, which replaced Google Maps, doesn't have many features that other maps apps have. It can also sometimes give wrong directions which are still not fixed, even after the iOS 7 updates. The Passbook app can get boarding passes, tickets, coupons, and other cards. A device with the Passbook app can be scanned under a barcode reader to buy things. A feature called AirPlay was available, meaning that you can put the iPod Touch's screen on an Apple TV or other device. It was the first generation of iPod Touch to support it.

The fifth generation iPod touch currently runs iOS 7, which was released on September 18, 2013. It is the only iPod Touch that supports iOS 7. Apple announced on June 2, 2014 that the fifth generation iPod Touch would support iOS 8 in the fall.

The fifth generation iPod Touch has an aluminum body that is made from the same aluminum that is used in a MacBook. Along with an iSight camera and an LED flash, the fifth generation iPod Touch has a new feature called the "iPod touch loop." There is a button on the bottom left side on the back of the iPod Touch. You press down on the button and you are able to put a loop around the button.

WrestleMania 13

WrestleMania 13 was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on March 23, 1997 at the Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois. It was the thirteenth WrestleMania event held by the WWF.

Daniel Keyes

Daniel Keyes (August 9, 1927 - June 15, 2014) was an American author. He was well known for his Hugo award-winning short story and Nebula award-winning novel "Flowers for Algernon". Keyes was given the Author Emeritus honor by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America in 2000.

Keyes died of pneumonia in Boca Raton, Florida, aged 86.

Juverțelul River

The Juverțelul River is a tributary in Romania. It is a part of the Juvertul River in Romania.

I Spit on Your Grave

I Spit on Your Grave is a 1978 American rape and revenge horror thriller movie. It was widely released in 1980.

This movie was very controversial. Most critics did not like it. Roger Ebert gave the movie thumbs down. It became a cult classic in later years.

It was remade in 2010.

I Spit on Your Grave 2

I Spit on Your Grave 2 is a 2013 American crime horror movie. It is a sequel to "I Spit on Your Grave"

The movie is about a student named Katie who gets kidnapped from New York City. She is taken to Bulgaria for her abductors to rape her. She later gets revenge by tormenting her kidnappers.

Most critics didn't like "I Spit on Your Grave 2". In 2015, a sequel, "", was released.

Texarkana, Texas

Texarkana is a city in Texas, United States. It had a population of 36,193 in 2020, and is the most populated city in Bowie County. It is the twin city of Texarkana, Arkansas.

George Hickenlooper

George Loening Hickenlooper III (May 25, 1963 – October 29, 2010) was an American documentary filmmaker and narrator. He made several documentary movies.

Hickenlooper was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He died from an accidental painkiller overdose. Sleep apnea was also a factor. He died in Denver, Colorado.

The Nameless

"The Nameless" is the only single off American metal band Slipknot's first live album "". The song was also included on their third studio album "". It was released on November 1, 2005. 

The song was featured on the album ""Promo only: Modern Rock Radio"" in 2005. The song was the eighth song on the album ""Mainstream & Rock series"" in December 2005. When The Scorched Earth Orchestra performed Slipknot songs, they added The Nameless to the album ""The Scorched Earth Orchestra Performs Slipknot"". The tribute album was released through Vitamin Records and has covers of songs from Slipknot's first three studio albums. The label's website said that The Scorched Earth Orchestra "expand on Slipknot's marching-band-from-hell framework" with "booming percussion, in-your-face horns [and] string sections that rip at your flesh."


Beaumont, Texas

Beaumont ( ) is a city in Jefferson County, Texas, United States. It is also the county seat of Jefferson County. The city's population was 115,282 at the 2020 census.

Victoria, Texas

Victoria is a City in Texas. It is the county seat of Victoria County. The population was 65,534 as of the 2020 census.

Fort Davis, Texas

Fort Davis is the County seat of Jeff Davis County, Texas, United States.

Danny Thomas

Danny Thomas (January 6, 1912 – February 6, 1991) was an American comedian, actor and producer. He starred in the sitcom "Make Room for Daddy" (aka "The Danny Thomas Show"). He was the father of Marlo Thomas and two other children.

Thomas also had a career in network radio. He also founded the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in 1962.

He was born in Deerfield, Michigan. He died in Los Angeles at age seventy-nine of heart failure.

Kathleen Ferrier

Kathleen Ferrier (22 April 1912 – 8 October 1953) was an English contralto singer. She got an international reputation for being a concert, stage and recording artist. 

Ferrier was born in Higher Walton, Lancashire. Ferrier was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1951. She died aged 41 at University College Hospital, London.

Edward C. Hayes

Edward Cary Hayes (February 10, 1868 – 1928) was a pioneer in American sociology. He was a founder and president of the American Sociological Association. He was born in Lewiston, Maine.

Hayes died in Urbana, Illinois, aged 60.


Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa

Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa is a 2013 American comedy movie directed by Jeff Tremaine. It is the fourth movie of the movie series for "Jackass". The movie is about an eccentric 86-year-old man Irving. His wife dies, his daughter is sent to jail and he takes his 8-year-old grandson to the child's father. It stars Johnny Knoxville, Jackson Nicoll, and Spike Jonze. It was released on October 25, 2013.

Spitting Image

Spitting Image is a British satire comedy puppet show. It was created by Peter Fluck, Roger Law and Martin Lambie-Nairn. The show often makes fun of politicians such as Ronald Reagan, Margaret Thatcher, Mikhail Gorbachev, Queen Elizabeth, George H. W. Bush, and Konstantin Chernenko. It ran from 1984 to 1996 on ITV. Since 2020, it continues on BritBox.

Raisa Gorbachova

Raisa Maximovna Gorbacheva ( "Raisa Maksimovna Gorbachyova", née Titarenko, Титаре́нко; 5 January 1932 – 20 September 1999) was a Soviet activist and philanthropist. She was the wife of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev. Gorbacheva was the First Lady of the Soviet Union from October 1988 to December 1991.

Gorbacheva suffered from a stroke in October 1993. She was diagnosed with leukemia and died on 20 September 1999 at Münster University Hospital in Germany, aged 67.


Vanderhoof, British Columbia

Vanderhoof is a district municipality in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Vanderhoof is found near the geographical centre in the Interior Plateau region. The population of Vanderhoof was 4,480 in 2011. The mayor of Vanderhoof is Gerry Thiessen.

Vanderhoof is known for their bird sanctuary which is found along the Nechako River. During their yearly migration, the river is passed through by Canada geese, swan, as well as other birds.


Tino Insana

Silvio Peter "Tino" Insana (February 15, 1948 – May 31, 2017) was an American actor, producer, writer, singer, voice artist, and comedian, best known for his roles in "Barnyard", "Back at the Barnyard", "Bubble Guppies", "Bobby's World", and "".

On May 31, 2017, Insana died of cancer in Los Angeles, California at the age of 69.

Insana was born Silvio Peter Insana in Chicago, Illinois on February 15, 1948.

On May 31, 2017, Insana died of cancer in Los Angeles, California at the age of 69.

Oceanville, New Jersey

Oceanville is an unincorporated community in Galloway Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. Oceanville is located on U.S. Route 9 north-northeast of Absecon. Oceanville has a post office with ZIP code 08231.

Barry Gordon

Barry Gordon (born December 21, 1948) is an American movie, television and voice actor and political talk show host and producer. He was the longest-serving president of the Screen Actors Guild, having served from 1988 to 1995 (one year longer than either Charlton Heston or Ronald Reagan).


Gary Owens

Gary Owens (May 10, 1934 – February 12, 2015) was an American disc jockey and voice actor. He is known for his roles in "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In", "The Gong Show", "Dynomutt, Dog Wonder", "Midnight Cowboy", and in "Roger Ramjet".

Owens was born in Mitchell, South Dakota. Owens died February 12, 2015, from complications due to type 1 diabetes, a condition he had experienced since childhood.


Tofino

Tofino is a district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Tofino is found on the West Coast of Vancouver Island. It is at the western terminus of Highway 4, it is on the tip of the Esowista Peninsula, and is at the southern edge of Clayoquot Sound. The population of Tofino was 1,876 in 2011. The mayor of Tofino is Josie Osborne.

Tofino is a popular spot for surfers, campers, fishermen, nature lovers, and whale watchers during the Summer. Tofino is named in association with the Tofino Inlet. In 1792, the Tofino Inlet was named by the Spanish commanders Galiano and Valdés to honour Admiral Vicente Tofiño de San Miguel y Wanderiales.


Wells, British Columbia

Wells is a small mining and tourist town in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Wells is in the Cariboo District. It is on Highway 26, is 74 km away from Quesnel and is 8 km before the highway's terminus at Barkerville. The town gets most of its income and jobs from tourists that travel through the town on their way to the Bowron Lake Provincial Park and Barkerville.

During its highest point in popularity in the 1940s, the town had 4500 people. The town was first run as a company town and was managed by Cariboo Gold Quartz Mine. The town was featured on the historical documentary television series "Gold Trails and Ghost Towns" during the 13th episode of the 3rd season.


Surya

Surya Dev is an important deity in Hinduism, who is regarded as the God of the Sun and daylight and the former King of the Devas.

Yama

Yama is the god of death in Hinduism and Buddhism.

In Japan he is called "Enma" and "Great King Enma".

Vayu

Vayu is the wind god in Hinduism.

Sag DEG

Sag DEG is a small loop-shaped satellite galaxy of the Milky Way. It is known by other names, such as the Sagittarius dwarf elliptical galaxy or the Sagittarius dwarf spheroidal galaxy.

It consists of four globular clusters. The main cluster having been discovered in 1994. Sag DEG is about 10,000 light-years in diameter, and is about 70,000 light-years from Earth. 

It moves in a polar orbit (i.e. an orbit passing through the galactic plane) at a distance of about 50,000 light-years from the core of the Milky Way (about 1/3 the distance of the Large Magellanic Cloud). In its looping, spiralling path, it has passed through the plane of the Milky Way several times in the past.

Sag DEG should not be confused with the Sagittarius dwarf irregular galaxy, or the Sag DIG, a small galaxy 3.4 million light-years distant.

Messier 54

Messier 54 (or M54 or NGC 6715) is a globular cluster in the constellation Sagittarius. It was discovered by Charles Messier in 1778. Later, he included it in his catalog of comet-like objects.

M54 was thought to belong to our Milky Way galaxy, but in 1994 it was discovered that M54 belongs to the Sagittarius dwarf elliptical galaxy ('Sag DEG'). 

M54 is some 87,000 light-years from us, and has a radius of 150 light-years across. It is one of the most dense globulars. It shines with the luminosity of roughly 850,000 times that of the Sun and has an absolute magnitude of −10.0.

M54 is easily found in the sky, being close to the star ζ Sagittarii. Individual stars cannot be seen with amateur telescopes.

It is on or near SagDEG's center. Some authors think it actually may be its core; but others do not.

In July 2009, a team of astronomers found evidence of a medium-sized black hole in the core of M54.

Paramount

Paramount can refer to:

Crossed

Crossed is a 2011 dystopian novel by Ally Condie. The book is the second in a trilogy. The first book in the trilogy is "Matched". The third book is "Reached". "Crossed" continues the story of Cassia Reyes. This book is in a dual part narration between Cassia and her boyfriend, Ky Markham.

Reached

Reached is the last book in a dystopian trilogy by Ally Condie. It was published in 2012. It takes place a few weeks after the first two books, "Matched" and "Crossed".

"Reached" finishes the story of Cassia Reyes in a five-part triple narrative split between Cassia, her boyfriend Ky Markham, and her best friend/match Xander Carrow.

Veronica Roth

Veronica Roth (born August 19, 1988) is an American writer. She was born in New York City. She is the youngest of three kids. All of her siblings live in Chicago with her. She attended Barrington High School and then Carleton College. Later, she decided to move to Northwestern University. She was part of the creative writing program and graduated in 2010 with a bachelor's degree in arts. She lives with her husband, Nelson Fitch, in Chicago. She wrote the books for the Divergent trilogy ("Divergent", "Insurgent", and "Allegiant"). She also wrote two companion books to "Divergent": "The Divergent World: The Path to Allegiant" and "Four: A Divergent Story Collection, "which came out September 3, 2014. The novel was adapted into a movie in 2014.


Ally Condie

Ally Condie (born November 2, 1978) is an American writer. She is best known for the "Matched" trilogy ("Matched, Crossed" and "Reached"). She also wrote the "Yearbook" Trilogy ("Yearbook, First Day" and "Reunion"). She also wrote "Freshman for President", "Being Sixteen" and "Atlantia".

Condie lives with her husband and three children in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Line segment

In geometry, a line segment is a line between two different endpoints. It is represented by a line above the symbols of the two endpoints (such as formula_1). Unlike a line, a line segment does not extend beyond the endpoints.

An example of a line segment is a side of a triangle. If the endpoints are on a curve, like a circle, then the line segment is called a chord.


Point Alison, Alberta

Point Alison is a summer village in Alberta, Canada. It is on the northern side of Wabamun Lake.

Wabamun Lake

Wabamum Lake is a lake in Alberta, Canada. It is 65 kilometres (40 miles) west of Edmonton, Alberta. It is 19.2 kilometres (11.9 miles) long and 6.6 kilometres (4.1 miles) wide. It covers 82 square kilometres (32 square miles). It is 11 metres (36 feet) deep at its deepest.

The name of the lake comes from the Cree language word for mirror.

Edmonton Elks

The Edmonton Elks, formerly known as the Edmonton Eskimos and briefly as Edmonton Football Team, are a professional Canadian football team. They are based in Edmonton, Alberta. The team plays home games at Commonwealth Stadium. It is part of the West Division of the Canadian Football League (CFL). It was started in 1949. The team has won the league's Grey Cup thirteen times. Only one team has won the cup more often.

In the 21st century, the team nickname caused major controversy because the term "Eskimo" is now considered a slur by the Inuit, the indigenous people of Arctic Canada. The team dropped the "Eskimos" name on July 21, 2020, using "Edmonton Football Team" as a placeholder name while a new nickname was chosen. The new name of Elks was announced on June 1, 2021.

Elizabeth Catlett

Elizabeth Catlett (April 15, 1915 – April 2, 2012) was an American-born printmaker and sculptor. She is best known for black sculptures and prints she made during the 1960s and 1970s. Those prints had political themes.

Catlett was born in Washington, D.C.. In 1946 she moved to Mexico, where she lived until her death at age 96. She became a Mexican citizen in 1962.


Pierre D'Archambeau

Pierre D'Archambeau (April 3, 1927 – June 16, 2014) was a Belgian-born American violin virtuoso and pedagogue. He worked with many noted musicians, including Arturo Toscanini, Pablo Casals, Jacques Thibaud, Nadia Boulanger and Fritz Kreisler. 

D'Archambeau died on June 16, 2014, in his home in Massachusetts, aged 87.

Vladimir Popovkin

Vladimir Aleksandrovich Popovkin (; 25 September 1957 – 18 June 2014) was a Russian military personnel. He was the General Director of the Russian Federal Space Agency and former First Deputy Defense Minister of Russia. 

He was a General of the Army and former commander of the Russian Space Forces.

Popovkin died of cancer on 18 June 2014 in a hospital in Petah Tikva, Israel, aged 56.

Leon Ames

Leon Ames (born Harry L. Wycoff; January 20, 1902 – October 12, 1993) was an American movie and television actor. He was known for his roles in "Meet Me in St. Louis" (1944), "The Postman Always Rings Twice" (1946), "Little Women" (1949), "On Moonlight Bay" (1951) and "By the Light of the Silvery Moon" (1953).


Kathleen Nolan

Kathleen Nolan (born September 27, 1933) is an American actress. She was known for her role as Kate McCoy, a housewife in the Walter Brennan series "The Real McCoys".

Nolan was born Jocelyn Schrum in St. Louis, Missouri. Nolan became the first female President of the Screen Actors Guild (1975–1979, two terms). She is a life member of the Actors Studio.


Dana Andrews

Dana Andrews (January 1, 1909 – December 17, 1992) was an American movie actor. He was one of the most famous Hollywood actors during the 1940s. He was known for his role in "The Best Years of Our Lives" (1946).

Andrews died from pneumonia and heart failure caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 83.


Richard Masur

Richard Masur (born November 20, 1948) is an American movie actor. He has appeared in more than 80 movies during his career. From 1995 to 1999, he served two terms as president of the Screen Actors Guild (SAG). Masur sits on the Corporate Board of the Motion Picture & Television Fund.

Masur was born in New York City, New York.


Alan Rosenberg

Alan Rosenberg (born October 4, 1950) is an American actor. From 2005 to 2009, he was president of the Screen Actors Guild. Rosenberg is known for voicing Boba Fett in "".

Rosenberg was born in Passaic, New Jersey to a Jewish family.

Robin Morgan

Robin Morgan (born January 29, 1941) is an American activist, poet, and actress. She is most well known for her work as a key member of the feminist movement. She is most well known for organizing the 1968 Miss America Protest in Atlantic City, New Jersey.

She attended The Wetter School in Mount Vernon, and graduated in the year 1956. Although, after finishing her high school degree, her mother did not let her attend a formal university. Instead, she had a private tutor teach her college level courses and took some classes from Columbia University as a part-time student there.

Her career started very young as a child model and actress. In 1945, she had her own radio show called "The Little Robin Morgan Show""." At that same time, she appeared multiple times as a consistent guest star on "Juvenile Jury". Her best known work as an actress was on "Mama," where she was one of the main characters for 7 years. 

Then, at age 14 she decided to switch her focus to her writing. Starting in the 1950s, she published her poems and other writing pieces. In the 1960s, she also worked as a literary agent and freelance editor in New York City.

In 1968, she helped to organize the Miss America Protest in Atlantic City, New Jersey. This protest fought to end the Miss America annual beauty pageants because they enforced sexist beauty standards. This work spurred her on to join more committees and have a larger voice in the feminist movement as well as other activist movements. From 1989 to 1994 she was the editor-in-chief of Ms. Magazine, the first national liberal feminist news magazine. 

She did most of her activism work during the late 1900’s and early 2000’s. She has protested both nationally and globally. Her other work nationally includes protesting against pornography in the media, unequal pay, sexual harassment and assault, and many more feminist issues. Globally she traveled all around the world (especially in the late 1980’s) to fight for women's rights, racial equality, and more. Her career started as a child actress and model, before she ultimately decided to focus on her writing. 

She is now an award-winning author who has published poetry, nonfiction books, and fictional novels. She has also founded and/or been an important member of the National Battered Women's Refuge Network, the Student Nonviolence Coordinating Committee (SNCC), Women's Media Center, the National Network of Rape Crisis Centers, the Feminist Writers' Guild, the Women's Foreign Policy Council, the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), the National Museum of Women in the Arts, the Sisterhood Is Global Institute, the Anti-Vietnam War movement, GlobalSister.org, New York Radical Women, W.I.T.C.H., and Greenstone Women's Radio Network. Now, she also works as a lecturer across the globe in universities and workplace settings. She also still is publishing her writing work.

In order of date published:

In order of date released:


Ken Howard

Kenneth Joseph "Ken" Howard, Jr. (March 28, 1944 – March 23, 2016) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles as Thomas Jefferson in "1776" and as basketball coach and former Chicago Bulls player Ken Reeves in the television show "The White Shadow". He was elected president of the Screen Actors Guild in September 2009 and elected to a second term in September 2011.

Howard died in Santa Clarita, California on March 23, 2016 of pneumonia complicated by shingles and prostate cancer five days before his 72nd birthday.


Passaic, New Jersey

Passaic is a city in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the city had a total population of 70,537.

Passaic County, New Jersey

Passaic County is a county in New Jersey, United States. It had a population of 524,118 in 2020. Its county seat is Paterson. Passaic County was created on February 7, 1837. It is near New York City. A city, Passaic, is named after the county.

Wimbledon, North Dakota

Wimbledon is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 178 at the 2020 census. Wimbledon was founded in 1892.

Bemidji, Minnesota

Bemidji is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota. It has a population of 14,574 residents as of 2020. The television series "Fargo" is set in Bemidji. Bemidji was founded in 1874.

Keith Carradine

Keith Ian Carradine (born August 8, 1949) is an American movie and television actor and singer. He is known for his roles as Tom Frank in Robert Altman's "Nashville", Wild Bill Hickok in the HBO series "Deadwood" and FBI agent Frank Lundy in "Dexter".

In 1976, Carradine won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "I'm Easy". That song was in the movie "Nashville".


Horace Silver

Horace Silver (born Horace Ward Martin Tavares Silva, September 2, 1928 – June 18, 2014) was an American jazz pianist and composer.

Silver is known for his humorous and funky playing style and his hard bop music. He was influenced by a wide range of musical styles, notably gospel music, African music, and Latin American music and sometimes the soul jazz genre.


Horace, North Dakota

Horace is a city in Cass County, North Dakota. As of 2020, the population was 3,085. Horace was founded in 1882.

College Station, Texas

College Station is a city in Brazos County, Texas. As of the 2020 census, College Station had a population of 120,511.

College Station is home to the main campus of Texas A&M University. Oftentimes it is called "CS" by students.

Tyler, Texas

Tyler is a City in Texas and a county seat in Smith County, Texas. As of 2020, over 105,995 people live there, making it the 38th most popular lived city in Texas (as well as the largest in Northeast Texas) and 289th in the United States. 

San Angelo, Texas

San Angelo is a city in Texas. It is the county seat of Tom Green County, Texas. At the 2020 United States Census, 99,893 people lived there.

Nacogdoches, Texas

Nacogdoches is a city in Texas.

Tornado outbreak of June 16–18, 2014

The June 16-18, 2014 tornado outbreak was an incident in which several strong tornadoes cut through Nebraska. Other tornadoes also affected Wisconsin, Montana, Ontario and South Dakota. A preliminary rating of the strongest tornadoes was EF4 (winds between 166 and just under 200 mph). There were two deaths from the tornado incident, both in Nebraska. 16 people were critically injured in the storms.

Marguerite Duras

Marguerite Germaine Marie Donnadieu (, 4 April 1914 – 3 March 1996), known as Marguerite Duras (), was a French writer and movie director. She first used the surname "Duras" on her 1943 novel "Les Impudents". She wrote "The Lover", which was later made into a 1992 movie. Duras was born in Saigon, Vietnam. She died in Paris from throat cancer, age 81.

Beatrice Straight

Beatrice Straight (August 2, 1914 – April 7, 2001) was an American actress. She played Dr. Lesh in the 1982 movie "Poltergeist". She also played Louise in the 1976 movie "Network". She also acted on television and on stage.

Straight was born in Old Westbury, New York. She died from Alzheimer's disease in Los Angeles. 

Julie Bishop (actress)

Jacqueline Wells (later Julie Bishop (August 30, 1914 – August 30, 2001) was an American actress. She appeared in over 80 movies between 1923 and 1957. She also acted on television. She began her career as a child actress. She played Myrtle Reed in the movie "Lady Gangster". She played a stewardess in "Princess O'Rourke".

Bishop also acted on stage.

The actress was born in Denver, Colorado. She died in Mendocino, California on her 87th birthday from pneumonia.

Muskellunge

The muskellunge ("Esox masquinongy") is a freshwater game fish. It is the largest member of the Esox (Pike) family. The muskellunge is also called the muskie or maskinonge (Canada). It is native to northern and eastern North America. Muskies have been introduced into other U.S. states.. Muskies are carnivorous and eat other fish. They are ambush feeders who will attack anything that moves in or on the water.

Currently there are three recognized subspecies of Muskellunge.

There is also a hybrid called the Tiger muskellunge (or Tiger Muskie). It is a cross between the Muskellunge and the Northern pike ("Esox lucius"). They are smaller than true muskies but can grow up to 1.5 times faster in the first year. They are almost always sterile and cannot reproduce.

True muskies have light colored bodies. They can be silver, light green, or light brown. They usually have dark bars on their sides. This is the opposite of the Northern pike which Muskies are sometimes confused with. Northern pike (northerns) have dark bodies with light colored bars on the sides. Muskies also have scales only on the upper half of the cheek. The best way to tell the two apart is the pores under the jaw. Northerns have five or less; muskies have six or more. Males are always smaller than females.

Tiger muskies look like both muskies and northerns. Their "tiger" stripes are more distinctive than the true musky. Where both species live in the same waters, tiger muskies occur naturally. But they are never in large numbers. Once biologists realized that tiger muskies were a hybrid, they began raising them in hatcheries. There are no size differences between male and female tiger muskies.

The muskie is a very efficient predator. It lays in wait near the shoreline often in shallow water. It hides in weeds, near or under logs and rocks. In the summer as the water warms up, Muskies move to the cooler waters at lower depths. But will remain close to shallow water using drop-offs for cover. Muskies can stand water up to 90 degrees F.

Muskies forage (feed) mainly on other fish such as suckers and perch. They are ambush feeders who will feed on nearly anything. They have been known to eat Loons, ducks and small mammals like Muskrats.

When the water temperature reaches 60 °F, muskies feed heavily. At 80° the feeding slows down. They have a preference for larger fish over small fish. Muskies strike quickly. They often take their prey to a secluded area before eating it. They remain in the same area of a lake, sometimes for their entire lifetime.

Muskies are one of the largest freshwater fish in North America. The largest on record was 69 pounds, 15 ounces. Average muskies are usually less than 40 inches long and might weigh from 7 to 15 pounds. Muskies can live up to 30 years.

Just after the ice melts on northern lakes (called ice-out) and the water temperature is between 49° and 59°F, muskies begin to spawn. In lakes where both northern pike and muskies live, muskies spawn after the northerns. A female lays between 60,000 and 100,000 eggs. In lakes with northern pike and muskies, the muskie seems to have fewer numbers of surviving fry. Two reasons are suggested. Since northerns hatch about two weeks earlier than muskies, the young northerns feed on the smaller muskie fry. Another reason is that the young muskie fry swim just below the surface of the water. They are easily seen by fish below or birds flying over the water.

Muskies are an elusive fish but highly prized by anglers. Many fishermen specialize in muskie fishing and will fish for no other species. They are called "the fish of 10,000 casts". This gives some idea of how difficult they are to catch. According to many guides, muskies do not fear anything, including fisherman. They routinely follow lures back to the boat without striking. Sometimes they will flick a lure or fly back at the fisherman. Hooking a muskie is hard. Landing one is even harder. They will fight hard for short periods and should be landed quickly to avoid stressing them. Prolonged fighting of muskie on insufficient tackle could kill them even after they swim away. Skill and luck are needed to land one.

Muskies require very careful handling by anglers. A trophy size musky is an old fish. A 30-pound female may be 17 years old. If taken as a trophy they are not easily replaced. For that reason catch and release is strongly recommended. A musky may still fight being handled. They are large powerful fish with very sharp teeth. The mortality rate can be very high for fish that are handled carelessly.


Maudie Prickett

Maudie Prickett (October 25, 1914 – April 14, 1976) was an American actress. She was on ABC's "Bewitched" in various roles. She also played on "The Jack Benny Program" on CBS.

Prickett was born in Portland, Oregon. She died from renal failure in Pasadena, California, aged 61.

Dorothy Lamour

Dorothy Lamour (born Mary Leta Dorothy Slaton; December 10, 1914 – September 22, 1996) was an American actress and singer. She played Anita Alvarez in "Swing High, Swing Low". She also played Norma Malone in the movie "St. Louis Blues".

Lamour was born in New Orleans. She died in Los Angeles at age 81 after a heart attack.

The Mega Powers

The Mega Powers was a professional wrestling tag team. The team was made up of Randy Savage and Hulk Hogan. They were managed by Miss Elizabeth (who was Savage's real life wife but was portrayed as his on-screen girlfriend). The Mega Powers competed in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and in World Championship Wrestling (WCW). As of today, the only living member of the team is Hulk Hogan. Elizabeth died in 2003 and Savage died in 2011.



DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince

DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince is an American hip hop music group formed in 1985.


Galaxy group

A galaxy group is a group of galaxies made up of less than 50 or so members and bound by gravity. Collections of galaxies larger than groups are called galaxy clusters or superclusters. Our own galaxy, the Milky Way, is in the Local Group of more than 40 galaxies.

Galaxy groups are the smallest groups of galaxies. They usually have no more than 50 galaxies. The group in a diameter of 1 to 2 megaparsecs (about 4 to 8 million light-years). Their mass is about 10 solar masses. This is just a guide, because larger and more massive galaxy systems are sometimes called galaxy groups.

Supercluster

Superclusters are large collections of smaller galaxy groups and galaxy clusters. They are one of the largest known structures in the cosmos.

Superclusters show that the galaxies in the universe are not evenly distributed. Most, perhaps all, are in groups and clusters. Groups have some dozens of galaxies, and clusters up to several thousand galaxies. Those groups and clusters plus more isolated galaxies form even larger collections called superclusters.

Superclusters themselves form even larger structures, called "filaments", "complexes", "walls" or "sheets", like the Great Wall. These may span between several hundred million light-years to 10 billion light-years, and cover more than 5% of the observable universe. Superclusters suggest something about the initial condition of the universe when these superclusters were formed. The directions of the rotational axes of galaxies within superclusters may also tell us about the formation of galaxies early in the history of the Universe.
Inside superclusters are large voids of space in which few galaxies exist. Superclusters are often subdivided into groups of clusters called "galaxy clouds".

Ronnie Corbett

Ronald Balfour Corbett CBE (4 December 1930 – 31 March 2016) was a Scottish comedian, writer, actor, and broadcaster. He was a member of the Corbett family and was best known for his long association with Ronnie Barker in the BBC television comedy sketch show "The Two Ronnies".

Ronald Balfour Corbett was born at Edinburgh Royal Maternity Hospital and Simpson Memorial Maternity Pavilion in Edinburgh, Scotland on 4 December 1930. He was the son of William Balfour Corbett (1898–1974), a master baker, and his London-born wife Annie Elizabeth Corbett (née Main; 1900–1991). He had a brother, Allan, and a sister, Margaret.

Corbett married the actress and dancer Anne Hart at Brixton registry office on 30 May 1966. The couple had two daughters, Emma and Sophie. Their first child, Andrew, had a heart defect and died when he was six weeks old, at St Thomas' Hospital, in London. He had four grandchildren, including Dylan Corbett-Bader. Corbett and Hart first met during the late 1950s, while he was an up-and-coming comedian and she was working as a dancer at Winston's, Hanover Square, a club owned by Danny La Rue. The couple were married for 49 years until his death on 31 March 2016.

Corbett and Hart lived in a seven bedroom property named Fairways located in Addington, London from 1970 to 2003. The couple also owned a Scottish home named Muirfield Wood located in Gullane, East Lothian.

Corbett died at Shirley Oaks Hospital in Shirley, London, England on 31 March 2016, surrounded by his family. He was 85. He had been diagnosed with motor neurone disease in 2015.

Corbett's funeral was conducted by Canon Arthur Quinn at St. John the Evangelist near his home in Shirley on 18 April 2016. Mourners included Sir Michael Parkinson, David Walliams, Jimmy Tarbuck, Barry Cryer, and Rob Brydon. His body was cremated following a private service at Croydon Crematorium. His memorial service was held in Westminster Abbey on 7 June 2017. Mourners included Dame Joanna Lumley, Maureen Lipman, Dame Barbara Windsor, and Dame June Whitfield. His widow, Anne Hart, died at Muirfield Wood on 5 November 2023, at the age of 90.

Bernard Cribbins

Bernard Cribbins, OBE (29 December 1928 – 27 July 2022) was an English actor, voice-over artist and musical comedian. His career spanned over seventy years. Cribbins was known for his role as Wilfred Mott in "Doctor Who". He was also known for being the narrator of "The Wombles".

Cribbins died on 27 July 2022, aged 93. 


Politics of the United States

The United States is a federal constitutional republic, in which the President of the United States (the head of state and head of government), Congress, and judiciary share powers reserved to the national government, and the federal government shares sovereignty with the state governments.

The Constitution of the United States provides for a separation of powers among three branches. The executive branch is mostly about the President and is independent of the legislature. Legislative power is in the two chambers of Congress, the Senate and the House of Representatives.

The judicial branch (or judiciary), made of the Supreme Court and lower federal courts, focuses on the judicial power (or judiciary). The judiciary's main focus is to interpret the meaning of the United States Constitution and federal laws and rules. This includes solving problems between the executive and legislative branches.

Two political parties, the Democratic Party and the Republican Party have been the main participants in American politics since the American Civil War. There are also smaller parties like the Libertarian Party, the Green Party, and the Constitution Party. The Whig Party, the Federalist Party, and the Democratic-Republican Party were important many years ago. 

There are major differences between the political system of the United States and that of most other developed democracies. These include greater power in the upper house of the legislature, a wider scope of power held by the Supreme Court, the separation of powers between the legislature and the executive, and the dominance of only two main parties. Third parties have less political influence in the United States than in other developed country democracies.

The federal object created by the U.S. Constitution is the main feature of the American governmental system. However, most people are also subject to a state government, and all are subject to various units of local government. The latter include counties, municipalities, and special districts.

The federal government was created by the states, which as colonies were established separately and governed themselves independently of the others. Units of local government were created by the colonies to carry out various state functions. As the country expanded, it admitted new states modeled on the existing ones.

The USA is a federal union of fifty states. They have governors and legislatures to govern and make their laws. Each state also has two senators who represent their state in the United States Senate. There are also representatives who represent their local district in the United States House of Representatives.

The President of the United States is the head of state of the United States. They are elected by the American citizens every four years in democratic elections. They also appoint people who will work in different departments that focuses on special areas for the country. 


Foxborough, Massachusetts

Foxborough is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 18,618 at the 2020 census.

Least common multiple

The least common multiple of two integers is the smallest positive integer between all the multiples of both. It is usually written as LCM("a", "b"). Likewise, the LCM of more than two integers is the smallest positive integer that is divisible by each of them.

In elementary arithmetic, the LCM is also the "lowest common denominator" (LCD) that must be calculated, before fractions can be added, subtracted or compared.

A multiple of a number is the product of that number and an integer. For example, 10 is a multiple of 5 because 5 × 2 = 10, so 10 is divisible by 5 and 2. Because 10 is the smallest positive integer that is divisible by both 5 and 2, it is the least common multiple of 5 and 2. By the same principle, 10 is the least common multiple of 5 and 2 as well.

It is known that:

where formula_2 is the greatest common divisor of "a" and "b", This formula is often used to compute the LCD, by first finding the GCD of "a" and "b".


Leonor, Princess of Asturias

Leonor, Princess of Asturias (born 31 October 2005), is an Infanta of Spain. She is the present heiress to the Spanish throne.

Leonor was born at Ruber International Hospital in Madrid, She is the elder daughter of King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain. She became heiress on her father's accession to the throne, 19 June 2014. Her younger sister, Infanta Sofía, follows her in the line of succession.

On 22 September 2023, the Royal Household said that the princess would be sworn in the Constitution on 31 October 2023, on her 18th birthday. Three weeks earlier, on 7 October 2023, the Princess swore allegiance to the Spanish flag at the Military Academy.

If Leonor ascends to the throne, she will be Spain's first queen regnant since her 4th great-grandmother Isabella II, who reigned from 1833 to 1868.



Russ Blinco

Russell Percival Blinco (March 12, 1906 – June 28, 1982) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played a total of 6 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks and the Montreal Maroons. During his time with the Maroons, he won the Stanley Cup in 1935.

Before playing in the NHL, Blinco played two seasons with the Windsor Bulldogs of the IHL and one season with the Springfield Indians of the Can-Am League. After the Indians folded, the New York Rangers traded Blinco to the Montreal Maroons on December 18, 1932. During his first season with the Maroons, he was able to win the Calder Memorial Trophy after scoring 23 points in 34 games. Blinco and the Maroons were able to reach the 1935 Stanley Cup Finals where they went on to defeat the Toronto Maple Leafs in a 3 – 0 sweep to win the Stanley Cup. On September 15, 1932 ( bong wrong 15 sep 38). Blinco was traded along with Baldy Northcott and Earl Robinson by the Maroons to the Black Hawks for $30,000 cash. He is the first NHL player to wear glasses with playing. Blinco died on June 28, 1982.


Cordelia Fine

Cordelia Fine (born 1975) is a Canadian-born British academic psychologist and writer. She is a professor of gender studies, moral psychology and neuroethics at Melbourne Business School, Australia. Her first book, "Delusions of Gender", was published in 2010.

Fine was born to the children's writer Anne Fine and professor Kit Fine in Toronto.

Christ the Redeemer (statue)

Christ the Redeemer (), is a statue of Jesus Christ in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It was built between 1922 and 1931 and stands tall. It sits on a pedestal on the peak of the 

The first electric railway in Brazil was built in the late 1800s. At that time people would go to the top of the Corcovado Mountain to enjoy the panoramic view of the city below. Construction started in 1926 and took five years. During that time workers balanced themselves on scaffolds with no safety equipment. It was risky work but during the entire construction period, no workers were killed. Many regarded that as a miracle. The statue was finished in 1931. It was built to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of Brazil's independence from Portugal. The statue was built in France by the sculptor Paul Landowski. He never came to Rio to see the sculpture in place.

The statue underwent a $4 million renovation in 2010. Since then it has been damaged by lightning at least two times. Repairs in 2014 added more lightning rods to prevent future damage from lightning. 

The statue is maintained by the Archdiocese of Rio de Janeiro. 


<br>

Camille Paglia

Camille Anna Paglia (/ˈpɑːliə/; born April 2, 1947) is an American academic. Her dissertation "Sexual Personae" was published by Yale University Press in 1990. Paglia is a libertarian.

Paglia was born in Endicott, New York to Italian immigrants. In 1957 her family moved to Syracuse, New York.

"Sexual Personae" was rejected by 7 publishers before Yale University Press published it in 1990. In 1992 Paglia's second book was published. In 2012 Paglia's most recent book "Glittering Images" was published.

Esox

Esox is a genus of fresh water fish. It is the only living genus in the family Esocidae. The oldest known example of an "Esox" is "Esox tiemani". It dates to about 62 million years ago and was found in Alberta, Canada. They are commonly called pike and pickerel. They are found in the northern parts of North America, Europe and Asia. One species, "Esox lucius", the Northern pike, is found in both Europe and North America. Esox are large predatory fish with a long cylindrical body. They have a green color (various shades) with yellow eyes. Pike and pickerel share a forked tail fin and a large pointed head. Their dorsal and anal fins are located far back on their bodies. All species have very sharp teeth.

Currently there are five species in the "Esox" genus. The study of this family is not complete. There are several known hybrids between species which occur naturally. The five species are:

There is an extinct species called "Esox tiemani". 

All species of Esox are predatory feeders. They eat other fish, small mammals and birds. Pike will eat almost anything that doesn't eat them first.


Kate Millett

Katherine Murray "Kate" Millett (September 14, 1934 – September 6, 2017) was an American feminist writer. Her first book "Sexual Politics" was published 1970.

Millett was born to Catholic parents in St. Paul, Minnesota. In 1961 she moved to Japan. In 1965 she married sculptor Fumio Yoshimura. She was bisexual.

Millett died on September 6, 2017 in Paris, France of cardiac arrest at the age of 82.


Gerry Goffin

Gerald "Gerry" Goffin (February 11, 1939 – June 19, 2014) was an American lyricist. He was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990 with former songwriting partner and first wife, Carole King. 

Goffin died in Los Angeles, California, aged 75.


Dawn of the Planet of the Apes

Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is an American science-fiction movie directed by Matt Reeves. It stars Andy Serkis, Gary Oldman, Jason Clarke, and Keri Russell. It is the sequel to the 2011 movie "Rise of the Planet of the Apes". It was released on July 11, 2014. A sequel to the movie "War for the Planet of the Apes" was released on July 14, 2017.

Computational biology

Computational biology is a field of active research that studies problems in biology that need algorithms or statistics. 

Many people who work in computational biology are trained in biology, engineering, physics, statistics, or chemistry.

Planetary system

Planetary system is the general term for a star with planets and other objects in orbit around it. The Solar System is one of these. It is now clear that many other stars have planetary systems.

The 21st century has become a golden era of planetary system discovery. 4,801 such exoplanets in 3552 planetary systems have been discovered, including 789 multiplanet systems. Hundreds more systems are unconfirmed. 

The closest confirmed system is Gliese 832 at 14.8 light years (ly) with one confirmed planet.The closest unconfirmed system is Alpha Centauri at 4.37 ly with a planet of Earth mass. The closest multi-planet system is Gliese 876 at 15.3 ly with four confirmed planets.

Of particular interest to astrobiology is the habitable zone of planetary systems. This is thought to be the region with the most potential to develop extraterrestrial life.

Multiplanetary systems are stars with at least two confirmed planets, beyond our Solar System.

From the total of 1116 stars known to have exoplanets (as of June 2014, there are a total of 461 known multiplanetary systems. About 280 of these have only two confirmed exoplanets, but some have more. The star with the most confirmed planets is our Sun with 8 confirmed planets, while the stars with the most confirmed exoplanets are Kepler-90 and HD 10180 with 7 confirmed planets each; in 2012, two more exoplanet candidates have been suggested for HD 10180, which would bring the total to 9 exoplanets in that system.

Gliese 876, with 4 confirmed exoplanets, is the closest multiplanetary system at 15 light years from our Solar System. A total of 12 systems are known that are closer than 50 light years away, but most are much farther away. The farthest confirmed multiplanetary system is OGLE-2012-BLG-0026L, at 13300 ly away.

The two most important stellar properties are mass and metallicity because it determines how these planetary systems form. The higher mass and metallicity tend to have more planets and more massive planets.

Johnny Mann

Johnny Mann (August 30, 1928 – June 18, 2014) was an American musical entertainer. He was an arranger, composer, conductor, and recording artist. He was the bandleader of The Johnny Mann Singers. He later worked with musicians such as Johnny Burnette, The Crickets and Eddie Cochran. He also worked a lot with Joey Bishop, such as working on his show. He a singer for Alvin and the Chipmunks. He was also a musical director for "The Alvin Show", and voiced Theodore.

Mann was nominated for five Grammy Awards, winning two. He was signed with records such as Apex Records and Liberty Records.

Mann was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He was married to actress Lori Nelson from 1960 to 1973. He was finally married to Betty Mann from 1983 until his death.

Mann died on June 18, 2014 in Anderson, South Carolina, aged 85.

Rhyme scheme

A rhyme scheme is the pattern of rhyme between lines of a poem or song. People usually use letters to show which lines rhyme with which other lines. For example, in a poem that is ABAB, the first and third lines rhyme with each other and the second and fourth lines rhyme with each other. The most basic rhyme schemes are AA, AAA, AABB, ABAB and ABBA. There are also more complicated schemes, such as ABABBCC (rhyme royal), ABABABCC (ottava rima) or ABABBBCBCC (Spenserian stanza). Sonnets may have very different rhyme schemes, Italian (ABBA ABBA CDC DCD, ABBA ABBA CDE CDE, ABBA ABBA CDE EDC), French (ABBA ABBA CDCD EE), Spenserian (ABAB BCBC CDCD EE) or Shakesperian (ABAB CDCD EFEF GG).

Sometimes there are also internal rhymes. In the following strophe from Samuel Taylor Coleridge's "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner" there are rhymes and alliteration:

Some schemes are common, the other are used very rarely. The scheme AABBCC is simple and can be found everywhere, but the scheme ABCCBA, used by Robert Browning in the "Meeting at Night", was never popular:

There are many possibilities for rhyme scheme. Five-line stanzas can have any of ten schemes with two different rhymes: AAABB, AABAB, AABBA, ABBAA, ABABA, ABAAB, AABBB, ABABB, ABBAB, ABBBA. Another possibility is of course AAAAA.
Notice that two or three rhymes can be linked to each other by repeating the same vowel. The rhyme scheme of Giambattista Marino's poem "Adone" is ABABABCC (ottava rima), but in this strophe all rhymes are based on the vowel [i]. This feature shows up in Italian text but not in other languages:

A a poet, period of time, or type of poetry can have a preferred rhyme scheme. For example, the Scottish poet Robert Burns preferred the scheme AAABAB. Rhyme royal, ABABBCC, was common in medieval English poetry. Ottava rima was typical of epic poems. Many great epic poems were written in Italian, Spanish or Portuguese with ABABABCC scheme.

Carole Cook

Mildred Frances "Carole" Cook (January 14, 1924 – January 11, 2023) was an American actress. She acted in stage and screen. She played Grandma Helen in the movie "Sixteen Candles". She was also on "The Lucy Show".

Carole Cook was born in Abilene, Texas.

She was married to actor and writer Tom Troupe from 1964 until her death.

Cook died from heart failure in Beverly Hills, California, on January 11, 2023. She was 98, three days before her 99th birthday.

Sixteen Candles

Sixteen Candles is a 1984 comedy movie. It was written and directed by John Hughes. It is about a high school girl who is turning sixteen. Molly Ringwald plays Samantha Baker.
This movie was released on May 4, 1984.

 

Nina Foch

Nina Foch (April 20, 1924 – December 5, 2008) was a Dutch-American actress. She was the leading lady in many movies in the 1940s and 1950s. She played Marie Antoinette in "Scaramouche" (1952). She also played Erica Martin in the movie "Executive Suite".

Foch was born in Leiden, Netherlands to an American mother and Dutch father. She died of kidney disease in Los Angeles.

 

Mario Mandžukić

Mario Mandžukić (born 21 May 1986) is a Croatian football player that plays for AC Milan and the Croatian national team. He was the UEFA Euro 2012 co-top scorer, and he was named the Croatian Footballer of the Year in 2012 and 2013. 

He was born in Slavonski Brod, in Yugoslavia. His family moved to Germany as refugees because of the Croatian War of Independence.

He helped Croatia reach the 2018 FIFA World Cup final after scoring a late goal against England. In the final, Mandžukić scored an own goal at the 19th minute. This was the first time any player has scored an own goal in a World Cup final. Croatia would later lose to France 2–4.


Mats Hummels

Mats Julian Hummels (born in Bergisch Gladbach, West Germany on 16 December 1988)


Joan Blondell

Joan Rosebud Blondell (August 30, 1906 – December 25, 1979) was an American actress. She performed in movies and television for nearly fifty years. She played Rosie Sturges in "Kansas City Princess". She also played Gloria Fay in the movie "Miss Pacific Fleet". 

Blondell was born in New York City on August 30, 1906. Her sister Gloria Blondell was also an actress. She died on December 25, 1979 in Santa Monica, California from leukemia.

Ari Ne'eman

Ari Ne'eman (pronounced "neh"-uh-"MAHN"; born December 10, 1987) is an American autism rights activist. He was born in East Brunswick, New Jersey. After he graduated from high school he started the Autistic Self Advocacy Network. Ne'eman was nominated by President Obama to the National Council on Disability in 2009.

Executive Suite

Executive Suite is a 1954 MGM drama movie. The movie is about a struggle for control of a major furniture company due to the death of the company's CEO. Barbara Stanwyck plays Julia.

This movie was released on May 6, 1954.

Allie Grant

Allie Grant (b. February 14, 1994) is an American actress. In "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody", she played Agnes. She also played Lisa in "Suburgatory".

Grant was born in Tupelo, Mississippi.

John Stoltenberg

John Stoltenberg (born 1945) is an American radical feminist activist, scholar, and magazine editor. He married radical feminist activist Andrea Dworkin in 1998. He was Dworkin's husband until she died in 2005.

Diane Neal

Diane Neal (born November 17, 1976) is an American actress. In "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit", Neal played Casey Novak. She also played Abigail in "NCIS".

Neal was born in Alexandria, Virginia.

Ellen Muth

Ellen Muth (born March 6, 1981) is an American actress. She played young Selena St. George in the movie "Dolores Claiborne". She also played Katie Trumbull in "Margarine Wars".

Muth was born in Milford, Connecticut.

Saint-Gaudens, Haute-Garonne

Saint-Gaudens (Gascon: "Sent Gaudenç") is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France. It is the capital of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Gaudens and of the canton of Saint-Gaudens.

In antiquity, the present place of the city was near a Roman road between Toulouse and Dax, where there was a rural area called "Mansus"; "Mansus" was named later as "Mas Saint-Pierre" after the Christianization of the region.

In 475, a young Christian boy, Gaudens, was killed by the Visigoths and he was buried in this place. The town took its current name in the ninth century, because may people came here to worship the martyr; the relics of Gaudens were deposited in the church of Mas-Saint-Pierre.

As an important regional market place, Saint-Gaudens became the economic capital of the Comminges (a natural region and an old French region on the hills at the base of the Pyrenees).

The city of Saint-Gaudens is in the Comminges, at the foot of the Pyrenees. It is about to the southwest of Toulouse and at about from Tarbes (Hautes-Pyrénées).

It is found on the left side of the Garonne river.

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The climate of Saint-Gaudens, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Saint-Gaudens are known, in French, as "Saint-Gaudinois" (women: "Saint-Gaudinoises").

Saint-Gaudens has a population, in 2014, of 11,255, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Saint-Gaudens

Saint-Gaudens is a subprefecture of the Haute-Garonne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Gaudens and the administrative centre () of the canton of Saint-Gaudens.

It is part of the intercommunality "Cœur et Coteaux de Comminges" ().

Saint-Gaudens is twinned with:

Some important buildings are:



Enner Valencia

Enner Valencia (born April 11, 1989) is an Ecuadorian football striker. He plays for C.F. Pachuca and the Ecuador national football team.

Ibrahim Touré

Ibrahim Oyala Touré (27 September 1985 – 19 June 2014) was an Ivorian footballer. He played as a striker for Al-Safa' SC, Telephonat Beni Suef SC, Misr El-Makasa SC, Al-Ittihad SC Aleppo, O.G.C. Nice, Metalurh Donetsk and ASEC Mimosas.

Touré was born in Bouaké. He was the younger brother of defender Kolo Touré (born 1981) and midfielder Yaya Touré (born 1983).

Touré died of cancer on 19 June 2014 in Manchester, England. He was 28. At the time of his death, his older brothers, Kolo and Yaya, were playing for their country at the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil.


Double Live (Garth Brooks Album)

Double Live is the third compilation and live album by Garth Brooks. The album was released on November 17, 1998.

Margaret Price

Margaret Price (13 April 1941 – 28 January 2011) was a Welsh opera singer. She was famous for singing parts from Mozart operas. She sang in the opera "Aida". She also sang in other operas.

Price was born in Blackwood, Wales. She died from heart failure at age 69.

Pierre Patry

Pierre Patry (2 November 1933 – 7 June 2014) was a Canadian movie director, producer and screenwriter. He mainly worked during the 1950s and 1960s, but stayed active until the early 1980s. He produced the movie "Entre la mer et l'eau douce" (1967).

Patry was born in the Hull sector of Gatineau, Quebec. He spoke French. He was of French ancestry.

Patry died on 7 June 2014 in Quebec, aged 80.

Rhonda Smiley

Rhonda Smiley is a French writer and producer. She has written and/or produced television series and movies including "Little Bear", "Race", "Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation" and "Totally Spies!" She is a member at Marathon Media. She was at Cartoon Network U.S.

Alexander Shilov

Alexander Evgenievich Shilov (; 1 January 1930 – 6 June 2014) was a Russian chemist. He was known for his high toles at the Institute of Problems of Chemical Physics, Russian Academy of Sciences in Chernogolovka. In 1969, he discovered the Shilov system. He also wrote books about chemistry.

Shilov was born in Ivanovo, RSFSR, Soviet Union. He was the son of Soviet chemist Eugene Shilov. He studied in places such as Kiev, Ukraine (then Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic) and London, England.

Shilov died on 6 June 2014 in Moscow, aged 84.


Threesome

A threesome, in human sexuality, is sexual activity between three people. It can also be called troilism or a ménage à trois.

The Theory of Communicative Action

The Theory of Communicative Action () is a book by Jürgen Habermas.

It continues his project set out in "On the Logic of the Social Sciences" of finding a way to "ground the social sciences in a theory of language".

Human female sexuality

Human female sexuality includes female sexual identity, sexual behavior and sexual activity.

Human females may find having orgasms difficult and complicated. 

Some things related to human female sexuality are controversial. Overall, men are more commonly allosexual while women are more commonly demisexual.

Fat feminism

Fat feminism is a version of feminism mixed with fat activism. Fat-positive feminists promote the acceptance of women of all sizes. Fat feminism began in second-wave feminism. The field is growing within third-wave feminism.

According to one survey, 56 percent of overweight women are disrespected by their doctors. Forty-six percent say doctors are uncomfortable with the women's weight. This is probably because there is a well-known connection between excessive weight and length of life. 

Fat feminists oppose the concept of fixed body images imposed from society. These feminists condemn fat jokes on sitcoms. They also condemn the promotions of skinny figures in Hollywood, on television and on catwalks.

Fat feminists contest the belief one cannot be overweight and fit at the same time.

The movement began in the late 1960s. It has become more popular over the years.

Survivor Series (1987)

Survivor Series (1987) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 26, 1987 at the Richfield Coliseum in Richfield Township, Ohio. It was the first Survivor Series event that was held by the WWF.


Bill Withers

William Harrison "Bill" Withers, Jr. (July 4, 1938 – March 30, 2020) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He performed and recorded from 1970 until 1985. He recorded major hits including "Lean on Me", "Ain't No Sunshine", "Use Me", "Just the Two of Us", "Lovely Day", and "Grandma's Hands". He won three Grammy Awards and was nominated for four more during his career.

He was born in Slab Fork, West Virginia. Withers died of heart disease in Los Angeles on March 30, 2020 at the age of 81.


Slab Fork, West Virginia

Slab Fork is an unincorporated community in Raleigh County, West Virginia, United States. It has a population of 202 as of 2010. Slab Fork's zip code is 25920.

Gliese 876

Gliese 876 is a red dwarf about 15 light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Aquarius. It is the closest star known to be a multiplanetary system. As of 2011, four extrasolar planets have been found orbiting the star.

It is the third closest known star to the Sun which has a planetary system, after Epsilon Eridani (10.5 ly) and Gliese 674 (14.8 ly). 

Two of the middle planets are in the system's habitable zone. However, they are giant planets thought to be like Jupiter.

Samantha Harris

Samantha Harris (born Samantha Harris Shapiro, November 27, 1973) is an American television hostess. She was the co-host of seasons two through nine of "Dancing with the Stars" with Tom Bergeron. From 2010–12, she was a correspondent at "Entertainment Tonight".

In April 2014, Harris announced that she was diagnosed with breast cancer and would undergo a double mastectomy.


Hopkins, Minnesota

Hopkins is a suburban city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. It is located west of Minneapolis. The population was 19,079 at the 2020 census.

Presence (album)

Presence is the seventh studio album by English rock band, Led Zeppelin. "Presence" was released on 31 March 1976 through Swan Song Records. Even though the album received mixed reviews from critics and sold slower than the their other studio album, guitarist Jimmy Page called "Presence" the band's "most important" album and proved that they would continue despite their turmoil. The band wrote and recorded the album during troubling times in their history, as lead singer Robert Plant was still recovering from serious injuries that he had suffered in a car accident.

Ken Dodd

Sir Kenneth Arthur "Ken" Dodd, OBE (8 November 1927 – 11 March 2018) was an English comedian, singer-songwriter and actor. He was known by his trademark of frizzy hair and his teeth, his red, white and blue "tickling stick" and his upbeat greeting of "How tickled I am!", as well as his send-off "Lots and lots of happiness!".

Dodd married his partner of 40 years, Anne Jones, on 9 March 2018 at their home in Knotty Ash just two days before his death.

Dodd died on 11 March 2018 at his Knotty Ash home in Liverpool of complications from bronchitis at the age of 90.

Grass Valley, California

Grass Valley is a small city in Nevada County, California, United States. As of 2020, the population is 14,016.

Epsilon Eridani

Epsilon Eridani (ε Eri, ε Eridani) is a star in the southern constellation Eridanus, just south of the celestial equator. It can be seen from most of Earth's surface. 

It is 10.5 light years (ly) away, and has an apparent magnitude of 3.73. It is the third closest individual star or star system visible to the unaided eye.

Epsilon Eridani was the closest star known to host a planet until the unconfirmed discovery of Alpha Centauri Bb. Its age is less than a billion years. Because of its youth, Epsilon Eridani has a more active magnetic field than the present-day Sun. Its stellar wind is 30 times as strong. Its rotation period is 11.2 days at the equator. The star is smaller and less massive than the Sun, and has a lower level of metal elements. It is a main-sequence star of spectral class K2, which means that energy generated at the core through nuclear fusion of hydrogen is emitted from the surface at a temperature of about 5,000 K, giving it an orange hue.

Its planet, Epsilon Eridani b, was announced in 2000. The planet orbits in about 7 years. It is about 3.4 astronomical units (AU) away from its star. 

The system includes two belts of rocky asteroids: one at about 3 AU and a second at about 20 AU, whose structure may be maintained by a hypothetical second planet, Epsilon Eridani c. Epsilon Eridani has an extensive outer debris disk of remnant planetesimals left over from the system's formation.

Epsilon Eridani may be a member of the Ursa Major Moving Group of stars that share a similar motion through the Milky Way. This suggests they share a common origin in an open star cluster. Its nearest neighbor, the binary star system Luyten 726-8, will have a close encounter with Epsilon Eridani in about 31,500 years when they will be separated by about 0.93 ly. 

Epsilon Eridani has been the target of SETI searches. Epsilon Eridani appears in science fiction stories and has been suggested as a destination for interstellar travel.

Star system

A star system or stellar system is a small number of stars which orbit each other, bound by gravitational attraction. 

A large number of stars bound by gravitation is generally called a "star cluster" but, broadly speaking, they are also star systems. Star systems are not to be confused with planetary systems, which include planets and similar bodies.

A stellar system of two stars is known as a "binary star", "binary star system" or "physical double star". If there are no tidal effects, no disturbance from other forces, and no transfer of mass from one star to the other, such a system is stable. Both stars will orbit around the center of mass of the system indefinitely. Examples of binary systems are Sirius, Procyon and Cygnus X-1, the last of which probably consists of a star and a black hole.

It is possible to have star systems with more than two members. Their stars are gravitationally bound to each other, and may or may not be close to each other.

A recently discovered quintuple star system (five stars) is known as 1SWASP J093010.78+533859.5. The system has two sets of binary stars, one of them with a small third star. The two sets are a long way apart, further than the orbit of Pluto is to the Sun. The binary stars are close to each other and one binary has touching stars, with their outer ionised gases mixing. That situation is called a contact binary. From the data collected, the authors are fairly sure that both binaries (and probably all five stars) are gravitationally bound in a single system. The angles of inclination (the angle between the two orbital planes) of the two binaries (88.2(3) and 86(4) degrees). This suggests they originally formed by break-up (~9-10 billion years ago ago) from a single protostellar disk. Afterwards, they stayed in the same orbital plane.

Most multiple star systems are "triple stars". Systems with four or more components are less likely to occur.

Multiple star systems are smaller than open star clusters, which have more complex dynamics and typically have from 100 to 1,000 stars. Most multiple star systems known are triple. For example, in the 1999 revision of
Tokovinin's catalog of physical multiple stars,
551 out of the 728 systems described are triple.

Multiple-star systems can be divided into two main types: systems which are stable, or systems with chaotic behavior. Chaotic ones are usually of young stars in systems not yet disrupted by the chaos.

Kentaro Sato

Kentaro Sato (佐藤 賢太郎 Satō Kentarō, born 12 May 1981), aka Ken-P, is a composer and conductor of media music and concert music.

Sato was born in Hamamatsu, Shizuoka, Japan. He holds a Master of Music in Conducting and a Bachelor of Music in Media and Commercial Writing from California State University, Northridge (CSUN). In addition to his degree in music, he also holds a degree in cinema from Santa Monica College. He is famous for his works for chorus and orchestra, and video game music.


Open star cluster

An open star cluster, also known as galactic cluster, is a group of a few hundred or thousand stars. They have roughly the same age, and were formed from the same giant molecular cloud.

More than 1,100 open clusters have been discovered within the Milky Way Galaxy, and many more are thought to exist. They are loosely bound together by mutual gravitational attraction, but they get disrupted by close encounters with other clusters and clouds of gas. Open clusters generally survive for a few hundred million years, with the most massive ones surviving for a few billion years.

In contrast, the more massive globular clusters of stars exert a stronger gravitational attraction on their members. So, they can survive for longer. Open clusters have been found only in spiral and irregular galaxies, in which active star formation is occurring.

Young open clusters may still be in the molecular cloud from which they formed. They light it up and create an H II region. Over time, radiation pressure from the cluster will disperse the molecular cloud. Typically, about 10% of the mass of a gas cloud will form stars before radiation pressure drives the rest of the gas away.

Open clusters are key objects in the study of stellar evolution. The cluster members are of similar age and chemical composition, so their properties (such as distance, age and chemical composition) are more easily studied than for isolated stars. A number of open clusters, such as the Pleiades, Hyades or the Alpha Persei Cluster are visible with the naked eye.

Survivor Series (1988)

Survivor Series (1988) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 24, 1988 at the Richfield Coliseum in Richfield Township, Ohio. It was the second Survivor Series event that was held by the WWF.


Survivor Series (1989)

Survivor Series (1989) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 23, 1989 at the Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois. It was the third Survivor Series event that was held by the WWF.


Stockholm Marathon

The Stockholm Marathon is an annual marathon event in Stockholm, Sweden. Held since 
1979, it also serves as the Swedish national marathon championship.

The 2020 edition was cancelled because of the coronavirus pandemic. The 2021 comeptition was also postponed and held held on Saturday 9 October.

Key:


Saltsjöbaden

Saltsjöbaden is a locality in Nacka Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden. In 2010, 9,491 people lived there. It is located on the Baltic Sea coast.

Speak Now

Speak Now is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released on October 25, 2010 by Big Machine Records. The album was written by Swift herself (other writers helped write her previous albums).

"Speak Now" is in a country-pop style similar to Swift's other work. A deluxe edition was sold in Target stores. That version has three new songs (including the single "Ours") and two acoustic versions of songs on the original. Throughout 2011, Swift promoted the album on the Speak Now World Tour.

Saltsjöbaden Agreement

The Saltsjöbaden Agreement () is a Swedish labor market treaty signed between the Swedish Trade Union Confederation (sv. "Landsorganisationen, LO") and the Swedish Employers Association (sv. "Svenska Arbetsgivareföreningen, SAF") on December 20, 1938. It became a model for other agreements. The rules on industrial action has become regarded almost as general legal principles of conflicts between the labor market forces.

Lidingöloppet

Lidingöloppet is an annual cross-country running competition held in Lidingö in Sweden. It was held for first time in 1965.


Göteborgsvarvet

Göteborgsvarvet is an annual half marathon running event in Gothenburg, Sweden. First held in 1980, it is often referred to as the Göteborg Half Marathon in English). 

The 2020 and 2021 editions were both cancelled because of the Coronavirus pandemic.

Key:


Antares

Antares (α Scorpii, Alpha Scorpii) is a red supergiant star in the Milky Way galaxy and the sixteenth brightest star in the nighttime sky. It is listed as 15th or 16th brightest, depending on how the two brighter components of the Capella quadruple star system are counted.

Antares is the brightest and most massive star in the Scorpius-Centaurus Association. The Scorpius-Centaurus Association contains thousands of stars with a mean age of 11 million years.

Antares has a secondary, or companion star, Antares B. The orbit of the companion star and its properties are not properly known, with an estimated period of 1,200 to 2,562 years.

Antares has a radius of about 600 to 800 times that of the Sun. This gives Antares a diameter between 835 million to 1.114 billion kilometers in size. If Antares was placed in the center of our solar system, its outer surface would lie between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter, in the asteroid belt. Antares is about 550 light-years (or 170 parsecs) from the Earth. Its visual luminosity is about 10,000 times that of the Sun. Because the star radiates much of its energy in the infrared part of the spectrum, the bolometric luminosity is about 65,000 times that of the Sun. The mass of the star is in the range of 15 to 18 solar masses.

Antares is one of the first red supergiants to be directly imaged.


Vätternrundan

Vätternrundan is a bicycle race held in Sweden over two weekend days in mid-June every year. It was first held in 1966. The race circles the lake of Vättern. It starts and finishes in the town of Motala.

The 2020 edition was cancelled because of the Coronavirus pandemic. The 2021 edition was moved from mid June until early September because of the same pandemic.


Superga

The Superga is a hill on the south bank of the Po River. It is east of Torino in the northwestern parts of Italy. It is 672 metres above sea level.

Vansbrosimningen

Vansbrosimningen or Vansbrosimmet is an annual open water swimming competition held in Vansbro, Sweden. It was held for first time in 1950, and is part of 'En svensk klassiker", which also includes crosscountry skiing (Vasaloppet), biking (Vätternrundan) and running (Lidingöloppet).

Tjejmilen

Tjejmilen is a girls-women only, cross-country running event in Stockholm, Sweden. The competition is hosted by Hässelby SK and Spårvägen FK. It is ran across a 10 kilometers long course on Djurgården.

The competition is annual. The first event was held on 19 August 1984. If often gathers thousnds of participants.




Tjejvasan

Tjejvasan is an annual girls-women only cross-country skiing event in Sweden. It runs from Oxberg to Mora. The first event was first held in 1988.

Winners throughout the years.




Maternal health

Maternal health is the health of a woman during pregnancy, childbirth and her postpartum periods. It includes family planning, preconception, prenatal and postnatal caring. 

The risk of maternal death is higher in some areas, such as Sub-Saharan Africa, than in others. Poverty is a problem in some countries, in particular, the developing countries. In addition to sub-Saharan Africa, Black women in the US and the UK have higher maternal death rates. High rates of poverty, untreated illnesses, and a lack of access to health care, according to maternal health specialists, are to blame for higher maternal mortality rates. Other societal causes of maternal deaths include the absence of professionals, inadequate resources, early marriages, poverty in remote rural areas, and a lack of facilities and access. Pregnancy problems during and after delivery are caused by the high prevalence of cardiovascular disorders in pregnant black women. These ladies may experience potentially fatal complications depending on the severity of the condition (Howell,2018)

Prenatal care is very vital when it comes to maternal health . According to the CDC Prenatal care can support both the mother and the unborn child's health. Infants born to mothers who receive prenatal care are five times less likely to die and three times more likely to have low birth weights than babies delivered to mothers who do not. There are a lot of reasons why females choose to not engage in proper prenatal care. Around 71% of low income women, according to a US study, had difficulty having access to prenatal care. Income is highly associated with prenatal health care. 

Despite major advancements in prenatal care, the maternal mortality rate in the USA has is very high.   Rates have risen in the twenty-first century, and efforts to halt this have made little to no headway. In the US, there are different variations in maternal death rates .   


Women's studies

Women's studies (also called feminist studies) are an academic field that explores politics, society, media and history according to women's views. 

The first accredited Women's Studies course was in 1969 at Cornell University. Women's studies are available at many colleges and universities.

Marcus Garvey

Marcus Mosiah Garvey Sr., ONH (17 August 1887 – 10 June 1940), was a Jamaican political activist leader. He started the Universal Negro Improvement Association and African Communities League. He inspired Rastafarians and the Nation of Islam. Garvey was a black nationalist and Pan-Africanist. His ideas came to be known as Garveyism.

Garvey was born in Jamaica. He left Jamaica in 1910. He lived in Costa Rica for a few months. In 1912 he moved back to Jamaica. The Marcus Garvey Award is given each year to a Jamaican by JAM. He was an important activist during the Back-to-Africa movement.

Garvey was controversial because he supported the separation of black and white people and even supported the Ku Klux Klan. He thanked white people for Jim Crow laws as well.

Garvey had a stroke in January 1940 and this caused many to believe he had died. In fact, many early obituaries of Garvey were released, some of which Garvey read himself. He died in London on June 10, 1940 shortly after reading another early obituary of him, aged 52.

Property damage

Property damage is destruction to private or public property caused either by person(s) or natural phenomena, such as severe weather or tropical cyclones. One form of property damage is called vandalism. The term "vandalism", however, is often used to mean superficial or mild damage to property.

Alison, New South Wales

Alison is a partly rural suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia. It on the north bank of the Wyong River. It is named for the Alison Homestead in Cape Road.

Wyong River

The Wyong River is a perennial river in the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia. The river starts near the Watagan Mountains west of Martinsville. It flows generally south and southeast. It ends at Tuggerah Lake, near Tacoma. The Pacific Motorway crosses the river west of Wyong. During periods of heavy rainfall, the Wyong is prone to flooding.

Oberdan Cattani

Oberdan Cattani (June 12, 1919 – June 20, 2014) was a Brazilian football player at the position of Goalkeeper. He played for Palmeiras from 1940 to 1954. Of tall stature, big hands and elasticity, his defenses made him one of the most famous Brazilian goalkeepers of the 40s, a period in which the Second World War prevented the holding of the World Cups. Oberdan was described by opponents as an agile goalkeeper with great physical strength. A hallmark of Oberdan was that he could hold the ball with just one hand. Considered as one of the finest goalkeepers of his generation.

Oberdan Cattani was the son of Italian immigrants from the Tuscany region. He was a truck driver when he took his first test, on a day off from work. Introduced before by his brother, he was hired in 1940, remaining at the club until 1954, having played 351 matches with Palmeiras.

His name is among the biggest idols of Palmeiras. In his curriculum for the club, there are four titles of Campeonato Paulista (1942, 1944, 1947 and 1950), the Tournament Rio-São Paulo of 1951 and the Copa Rio Internacional of 1951. The tournament, which was created with the aim of being a Club World Cup. In the conquest, Oberdan was in the reserve of the goalkeeper Fábio Crippa.

On April 24, 1955, Oberdan was honored in São Carlos by the "Association of Sports Chroniclers of São Carlos", with a cup.

He made his debut for the Brazilian team in 1944 with whom he won the Roca Cup in 1945, and he finished as runners-up during 1945 Copa América.

Cattani was born in Sorocaba, São Paulo. He died in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, aged 95 in 2014.




Fiona Hale

Fiona Hale (born February 7, 1926) is an American actress. Her career began in 1949 in the movie "Harriet Craig". She is known for her roles in "Minority Report" (2002), in "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" (2008), and in "Seven Pounds" (2008).

Hale was born in New York.


Yozo Ishikawa

He died on June 21, 2014 from acute respiratory failure after being hospitalized with pneumonia, aged 88.

Petaluma, California

Petaluma is a city in Sonoma County, California, United States. As of 2020, the population was 59,776. The city was founded in by the Spanish people in 1776. It was made a city in April 1858.

Patsy Byrne

Patricia "Patsy" Byrne (13 July 1933 – 17 June 2014) was an English actress. She was best known on television for her role as Nursie in the BBC sitcoms "Blackadder" and "Blackadder II". Her best known movie roles were in "Les Misérables" (1998) and "Blackadder Back & Forth" (1999).

Byrne was born in Ashford, Kent. She was married to Patrick John Seccombe from 1967 until his death in 2000.

Byrne died on 17 June 2014 at Denville Hall, a retirement home for performers in Northwood, London. She was 80.

David Bradley (actor)

David John Bradley (born 17 April 1942) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Argus Filch in the "Harry Potter" movie series and Walder Frey in the HBO series "Game of Thrones".


Six Flags

Six Flags Entertainment Corporation is a company that operates 19 amusement parks in Mexico, the United States and Canada. The parks include theme parks, thrill parks, water parks and family entertainment centers. In 2011, 24.3 million people visited the parks.
The name Six Flags, comes from the flags of the six different nations that have governed Texas: Spain, France, Mexico, the Republic of Texas, the United States of America, and the Confederate States of America. The original Six Flags park was (and still is) split into separate regions, such as the "Spain and Mexico" section which has Spanish-themed rides, attractions, and buildings.

In a move to focus on its core entertainment assets, Time Warner--along with investment partner Boston Ventures--has agreed to a $1.9-billion deal to sell its stake in the Six Flags theme park chain to Oklahoma City-based Premier Parks Inc.

The purchase would make Premier the world’s largest regional theme park company, with more than two dozen parks across the United States. Time Warner retains joint ownership, with various regional partners, of the international Warner Bros. Movie World theme parks. Those are located in Australia and Germany, with a third under construction in England.

Premier currently operates three Northern California parks, including Water World USA parks in Sacramento and Concord. Six Flags’ only California location is Magic Mountain in Valencia. In December, Premier announced a deal to acquire six European parks.

Premier would acquire 100% of Six Flags for $965 million, including $765 million in cash and $200 million in convertible preferred Premier stock. Under a long-term licensing arrangement, Premier also gains exclusive domestic in the theme park rights to Warner Bros. cartoon characters from “Looney Tunes” (including Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck), Scooby-Doo, Tom and Jerry, Cartoon Network and DC Comics (Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman, among others).

“Today’s transaction advances our stated commitment to strengthen our balance sheet through the sale of non-core assets,” Time Warner Chairman Gerald Levin said in a statement. He stressed that the licensing agreement means that Warner Bros.’ characters would reach approximately 40 million people annually at Premier’s parks.

Time Warner bought the Six Flags parks in 1992. In 1995, the company sold 51% to Boston Ventures. The Premier transaction is expected to close in the second quarter.


David Bradley

David Bradley may refer to:



Eddie Marsan

Edward Maurice Charles "Eddie" Marsan (born 9 June 1968) is an English actor. He is best known for his roles in the movies "Gangster No. 1" (2000), "" (2006), "Sixty Six" (2006), "V for Vendetta" (2006), "Hancock" (2008), "Happy-Go-Lucky" (2008), "Sherlock Holmes" (2009), "War Horse" (2011), "" (2011), "The Best of Men" (2012), and "The World's End" (2013).


Ron Glass

Ronald E. "Ron" Glass (July 10, 1945 – November 25, 2016) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles as Det. Ron Harris in the television sitcom "Barney Miller" (1975–82) and as Shepherd Derrial Book in the short-lived 2002 science fiction series "Firefly" and its sequel movie "Serenity". Glass was born in Evansville, Indiana, the son of Lethia and Crump Glass.

Glass died of respiratory failure in Los Angeles, California on November 25, 2016 at the age of 71.

Minguo calendar

The Republic of China calendar () is a method of numbering years. It is used by Taiwan as well as other territories which are under control of the Republic of China. The Minguo calendar was also used by Mainland China from 1912 until the People's Republic of China was founded in 1949. There have been legislative proposals by pro-Taiwan Independence parties, like the Democratic Progressive Party to get rid of the Republican calendar and replace it with the Gregorian calendar.

François Cluzet

François Cluzet (born 21 September 1955) is a French actor.

Cluzet grew up in Paris, he made his debut in 1976.

Cluzet's biggest hit is "Intouchable", the movie is known as "The Intouchables" in English regions.

Cluzet has a son named Paul, whose mother was actress Marie Trintignant. Cluzet has 3 other children: Blanche, Joseph and Marguerite.

Henri Coandă

Henri Marie Coandă (7 June 1886 – 25 November 1972) was an inventor, aerodynamics pioneer and builder of an experimental aircraft from Romania. The Coandă-1910, made by Coanda is sometimes considered to be first jet. This information has also created controversies. He invented a number of devices, he also designed "flying saucer" and discovered the Coandă effect of fluid dynamics. During World War 2, he lived in occupied France.

In 1969, he got back to Romania, he served as director of the Institute for Scientific and Technical Creation (INCREST), in 1971 he recorganized with professor Elie Carafoli, "the Department of Aeronautical Engineering of the Polytechnic University of Bucharest".

Coandă died in Bucharest on 25 November 1972. He was 86 years old, he is buried at Bellu cemetery.

Bengali calendar

The Bengali Calendar ( "Banggabda" or "Bāṃlā San") also known as the Bangla Calendar, is the official and national calendar of Bangladesh. On the calendar, Pahelā Baishākh is the New Year and it starts on 14 April or 15 April on the Western calendar if it is either before Pahelā Baishākh, or 593 less if after Pahelā Baishākh.

The Bengali calendar has 6 seasons and each of them make up two months. Starting at Pahelā Baishākh, the seasons are Grišma (গ্রীষ্ম) or Summer; Barṣā (বর্ষা) or Rainy/Monsoon season; Šarat (শরৎ) or Autumn; Hemanta (হেমন্ত) or the Dry season; Šīt (শীত) or Winter; and Basanta (বসন্ত) or Spring.

Dark nebula

Dark nebulae are astronomical objects. They do not emit or reflect light. They are seen when they hide stars and galaxies behind them. 

The astronomer Edward Emerson Barnard compiled a list of dark nebulae known as the "Barnard Catalogue of Dark Markings in the Sky", or the Barnard Catalogue for short. The nebulae listed by Barnard have become known as Barnard objects.

These are the best-known dark nebulae:

Coalsack nebula

The Coalsack dark nebula (or simply the Coalsack) is the most prominent dark nebula in the skies. It can easily be seen with the naked eye as a dark patch silhouetted against the southern Milky Way. 

It was known pre-historically in the Southern Hemisphere and was observed by Vicente Yáñez Pinzón in 1499. The Coalsack is about 600 light years away from Earth, in the constellation Crux.

Matriarchy

Matriarchy is a social organization where the mother or oldest female heads a family or social group. Descent and relationships are decided through the female line.

Girl power

Girl power is a term used to say that girls are important. It became popular because of the Spice Girls' use of the term. It was also used by the band, Bikini Kill. The phrase is sometimes spelled ""grrrl power"". This is because of the Riot grrrl punk rock bands.

"Girl power" was also used by other bands in the early 1990s. One was a Welsh indie rock band Helen Love. Another was a south-east London punk rock band, Shampoo. They released an album and a single titled "Girl Power" in 1995.

Sex-positive feminism

Sex-positive feminism (or pro-sex feminism) is a movement. It began in the early 1980s. Many people in the movement think sexual freedom is an important part of women's freedom. Sex-positive feminism is often difficult to define.

Many authors, including Gayle Rubin, see the roots of sex-positive feminism in the work of sex workers and sex reformers.

Raasiku Parish

Raasiku is a rural municipality of the Estonian county of Harjumaa.

Aruküla, Raasiku

Härma, Igavere, Järsi, Kalesi, Kiviloo, Kulli, Kurgla, Mallavere, Peningi, Perila, Pikavere, Rätla, Tõhelgi.

Aruküla

Aruküla is a small borough in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Raasiku

Raasiku is a small borough in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Härma, Harju County

Härma is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Igavere, Harju County

Igavere is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Järsi

Järsi is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Kalesi

Kalesi is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Kiviloo

Kiviloo is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Kulli, Harju County

Kulli is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Kurgla

Kurgla is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Mallavere

Mallavere is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Peningi

Peningi is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Perila

Perila is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Pikavere, Harju County

Pikavere is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Rätla

Rätla is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Tõhelgi

Tõhelgi is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Chain pickerel

The chain pickerel ("Esox niger") is a species of fish that has a number of nicknames such as the grass pickerel, jack, pickerel, common pickerel, and eastern pickerel. It is a freshwater game fish and the smallest member of the Esocidae family. They are native to Atlantic and Gulf Coast tributaries. 

Chain pickerel have been introduced into the Lakes Ontario and Erie drainages as well as other places. 

They are found in shallow pools of lakes, streams, and tidal and non-tidal rivers. They are ambush feeders that will strike at anything that swims near them. They feed mainly during daylight hours.

Chain pickerel has the same torpedo-like shape of the Muskellunge and Northern pike. They have different markings than either of their family members. They have a chain-like pattern of dark markings on a yellowish to greenish body. This pattern is what they were named for. Like other pike they have a forked tail fin and a long pointed head. Chain pickerel have a dark bar underneath each eye. The eye color is yellow or yellowish. They can live up to 10 years.

In waters not shared with Northern pike or Muskies, Chain pickerel can be abundant. They prefer shallow weedy pools and submerged trees, limbs or man-made structures. These can be dock pilings, or riprap. Pickerel ambush their prey. They eat other fish, frogs, crayfish and small mammals. Young pickerel eat aquatic insects and small Crustacea. During the winter months the adult fish move to deeper water.

Spawning begins when water temperatures approach 50°F. Unlike others in the pike family, Chain pickerel eggs are sticky and ribbons of eggs stick to underwater weeds. Females lay up to 50,000 eggs. Unlike other fish, Chain pickerel do not remain to guard their young fry.

Chain pickerel are not as popular as other game fish. A good number are caught by accident while fishing for other fish. But they are popular with ice fishermen in the winter. Chain pickerel are a very good fighting fish. Anyone hooking one is in for an exciting fight. They will attack a live minnow or any lure that resembles one. In Canada, Walleyes are called 'pickerel' which sometimes confuses identification. But a walleye and a pike are very different in appearance.

The world record for a chain pickerel is 9 pounds 6 ounces. It was caught in Georgia in 1961. Chain pickerel rarely grow longer than 36 inches.

Lego Star Wars: The Yoda Chronicles

Lego Star Wars: The Yoda Chronicles is an animated television series produced by Lucasfilm Ltd. and Wil Film ApS for the Lego Group. The series had two seasons as the first season aired in Cartoon Network and the second season aired in Disney XD. The second season was called Lego Star Wars: The New Yoda Chronicles so Cartoon Network could not claim it as their property.

Lego Star Wars returns in epic style with The Yoda Chronicles, a thrilling, funny and action-packed new Lego Star Wars story told in three animated TV specials! Set in the “Prequel” Star Wars timeline, The Yoda Chronicles stars the one and only Yoda—the Jedi Master who has seen it all, done it all, and taught generations of Jedi Knights—in an all-new adventure. With the help of a fresh class of Padawans, Yoda leads the Jedi in a desperate fight to stop Darth Sidious and his minions from creating a new super-weapon that could crush the Republic and win the war for the forces of Evil.

Lucasfilm Ltd. allowed the Lego group free rein with developing the storyline. The team worked to make sure everything looked consistent if it would have been made with Lego bricks, as well as adding humor to the story. The story of season one was set during the Clone Wars and season two was set during the Galactic Empire of from "" to "".

The episodes respectively aired on May 29, 2013, September 4, 2013 and November 27, 2013 on Cartoon Network in the U.S. The first of the 3-part animated series aired on Cartoon Network in India on December 1, 2013 at 4:30 pm and the rest aired on December 8, 2013 and December 15, 2013 at the same time. 

On May 3, 2014, Disney released the latest episode on Disney Channel and Disney XD. Since Cartoon Network owned the broadcast rights to "Lego Star Wars: The Yoda Chronicles", the name of the series was altered so it could not claim it as their property. The altered title for season two drops "Lego" and adds "New" to the title - "Star Wars: The New Yoda Chronicles". "Escape from the Jedi Temple" has the Younglings' last appearance.


The first three episodes aired on May 29, 2013 on Cartoon Network. The second season had aired a year later on May 4, 2014, but as Disney purchased Lucasfilm, the second season came on Disney XD.

Lucasfilm Ltd. released the two first movies "The Phantom Clone" and "Menace of the Sith" on DVD with bonus of several mini movies.

The Mini Movies were released on Lego.com.


 

Jimmy C. Newman

Jimmy Yves Newman (August 29, 1927 – June 21, 2014), better known as Jimmy C. Newman (the C stands for Cajun), was an American singer and a long time star of the Grand Ole Opry. He was known for his songs "Cry Cry Darling" and "A Fallen Star".

Newman died of cancer in Nashville on June 21, 2014, aged 86.

Walter Kieber

Walter Kieber (20 February 1931 – 21 June 2014) was a Liechtenstein politician. He was born in Feldkirch, Austria.

Kieber was the Prime Minister of Liechtenstein from 1974 to 1978. He was a member of the Progressive Citizens' Party.

He died on 21 June 2014 from prostate cancer in Vaduz, Liechtenstein, aged 83.

Markus Büchel

Markus Büchel (14 May 1959 – 9 July 2013) was a Liechtenstein politician.

He was in office from May to December 1993. He won the elections in 1993 as a candidate for the conservative FBP (Fortschrittliche Bürgerpartei) (Progressive Citizens' Party).

In 2002, he became Honorary Consul of Russia in Liechtenstein.

He died in 2013, aged 54 from a heart attack. He was survived by his wife, Elena and son David.

Adrian Hasler

Adrian Hasler (born February 11, 1964) is a Liechtenstein politician. He was elected Prime Minister of Liechtenstein in 2013. He became the Prime Minister of Liechtenstein on March 27, 2013. He left office in March 2021.


Slugterra: Ghoul From Beyond

Slugterra: Ghoul From Beyond is a 2014 Canadian animated television movie, by the Canadian animation studio Nerd Corps Entertainment Inc. and Disney XD Canada. The movie is based on "Slugterra". It was released on March 30, 2014 on Disney XD in Canada, In June 10 2014 the movie made available only in United States on DVD by Shout! Factory as it was permiered in August 2014 in United States on Television on Disney XD.

There is a new threat in the 99 caverns of Slugterra. Eli and his friends come to the rescue. But they find something they have never seen before; a new kind of ghoul.


The movie had originally first premiered on Disney XD in Canada and then internationally Disney XD Worldwide.

On June 10, 2014, the movie became purchasable on DVD on Amazon the DVD comes including a short one minute episode called "Burpy and Friends take a Dive".

The movie received an okay review that it is okay for the family.

List of heads of government of Liechtenstein

The office of Prime Minister of Liechtenstein is the highest and head of the government of Liechtenstein. They are elected every four years. The first Prime Minister of Liechtenstein was Josef Ospelt. The current Prime Minister is Daniel Risch.

The () was the title of the head of government from 1861 to 1921.

The () is the current title for the head of government.

Samina (river)

The Samina also: "Saminabach" is a rapid river located in Liechtenstein and formed the Samina Valley in the course of time. It has a length of 17 km (Liechtenstein: 12 km, Austria: 5 km) and is the 2nd longest river of the principality. In the community area of Frastranz the river merges with the Ill. 

Eschen

Eschen is a municipality in the north of Liechtenstein. As of 2005 it has a population of 4,150, and covers an area of . It is the fourth largest city in Liechtenstein.


Gamprin

Gamprin is a city in Liechtenstein. It has a population of 1,524 people as of 2008.

Balzers

Balzers is a village and community in southern Liechtenstein. As of the 2005 census, it has a total population of 4,420. The main part of the village is along the east bank of the Rhine River.

Mauren

Mauren is a city of Liechtenstein. It has a population of 3,700 as of 2008.

It was first called "Muron" in 1178. It has a memorial to the Liechtenstein educator and historian Peter Kaiser (1793 – 1864).


Planken

Planken is a village in Liechtenstein. It has a population of 366 residents. It is the smallest and least populated village or area in the country.


Ruggell

Ruggell is a village in Liechtenstein. As of 2008, the population was 1,932 residents. The geography of the village is mostly mountainous. It is near the international borders of Switzerland and Austria.

Schaan

Schaan () is the largest city of Liechtenstein by population and area. It is located to the north of Vaduz, the capital, in the central part of the country. As of 2005 it has a population of 5,806. This makes it the largest district in Liechtenstein, and covers an area of 26.8 km², including mountains and forest.

Schellenberg

Schellenberg is a city in the lowland area of Liechtenstein. It is on the banks of the Rhine River. As of 2005, it has a population of 952. It covers an area of 3.5 km2 (1.4 sq mi).

Triesen

Triesen is the third largest of Liechtenstein's cities. It has several historic churches dating from the fifteenth century. It also has a weaving mill from 1863 that is thought to be a historical monument. The population is around 4,950.

Triesenberg

Triesenberg is a city in Liechtenstein. It has a population of 2,564. Its area of 30 square kilometers makes it the one of the largest cities in Liechtenstein.

Franz Joseph II, Prince of Liechtenstein

Franz Joseph II, Prince of Liechtenstein ("Franz Josef Maria Aloys Alfred Karl Johannes Heinrich Michael Georg Ignaz Benediktus Gerhardus Majella"; 16 August 1906 – 13 November 1989) was the Prince of Liechtenstein from 1938 until his death.

Franz Joseph was the son of Prince Aloys of Liechtenstein and Archduchess Elisabeth Amalie of Austria. He succeeded his great-uncle, Prince Franz I, after his father renounced his right of succession in his favour in 1921.

Franz Joseph was the first ruling prince to live full-time in the principality. He also oversaw the economic development of Liechtenstein from a poor agricultural backwater into one of the richest countries (per capita) in the world.

Franz I, Prince of Liechtenstein

Franz I, Prince of Liechtenstein, born "Franz de Paula Maria Karl August" (28 August 1853 – 25 July 1938), was the Prince of Liechtenstein between 1929 and 1938. 

He was the son of Aloys II of Liechtenstein and his wife Countess Franziska Kinsky. Franz succeeded his older brother Johann II, as Prince of Liechtenstein on August 11, 1929. 

Franz I died on 25 July 1938, and was formally succeeded by his grandnephew, Franz Joseph II.

Liechtenstein national ice hockey team

The Liechtenstein national ice hockey team is the national ice hockey team of Liechtenstein. It is a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation.

Hans-Adam II, Prince of Liechtenstein

Hans-Adam II (Johannes (Hans) Adam Ferdinand Alois Josef Maria Marko d'Aviano Pius Fürst von und zu Liechtenstein; born 14 February 1945), is the reigning Prince ("Fürst") of Liechtenstein. He has been prince since 1989 and served as regent from 1984 to 1989. 

Hans-Adam was born on 14 February 1945 in Zürich, Switzerland. He is the son of Franz Joseph II, Prince ("Fürst") of Liechtenstein and his wife Countess Georgina von Wilczek. His godfather was Pope Pius XII. 

In 1967, Hans-Adam married Countess Marie. The following year, the couple had their first child, Alois of Liechtenstein. They have three other children as well.

In 1984, Prince Franz Joseph II, while legally remaining head of state, formally handed his powers and duties to Hans-Adam. Hans-Adam formally succeeded as Sovereign Prince of Liechtenstein upon the death of his father on 13 November 1989.

Similarly to what his father did, as of 2004, Hans-Adam decided to hand most of his powers and duties to his son.

As of 2003, the princely family had a family fortune of US$7.6 billion and a personal fortune of about US$4 billion. Hans-Adam's net worth is estimated to be around US$6.20 billion, making him one of the richest heads of state in the world.


The official title of the Prince is "Fürst von und zu Liechtenstein, Herzog von Troppau und Jägerndorf, Graf zu Rietberg, Regierer des Hauses von und zu Liechtenstein." ("Prince of and at Liechtenstein, Duke of Troppau and Jägerndorf, Count at Rietberg, Sovereign of the House of and at Liechtenstein"). There is a distinction between the German titles of a reigning "Fürst" and non-reigning descendants of a "Fürst" who are titled "Prinz".





Alois, Hereditary Prince of Liechtenstein

Alois Philipp Maria, Hereditary Prince of Liechtenstein and Regent of Liechtenstein, Count Rietberg (born 11 June 1968), is the first in line to the throne of Liechtenstein.

He is the eldest son of Hans Adam II, Prince of Liechtenstein, and Countess Marie Aglaë Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau.

Alois has been regent of Liechtenstein ("") since 15 August 2004. As such, he has undertaken many royal duties on behalf of his father.

He is married to Duchess Sophie of Bavaria.


Peter Kaiser

Peter Kaiser (1 October 1793 – 23 February 1864) was a Liechtenstein historian and politician. He was known for being a great educator and for helping educate the poor of Liechtenstein. He statue of him is in Mauren. He was born in Mauren.

Kaiser died in Chur, Switzerland, aged 70.

Flag of Liechtenstein

The flag of Liechtenstein () shows two equal horizontal bands of blue (top) and red with a gold crown on the left side of the blue band. The colors are likely to have been added to represent the Principality's royal household in the eighteenth century.

Mamou, Louisiana

Mamou is a town in Evangeline Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 2,936 at the 2020 census.

Stanford, California

Stanford is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Clara County, California, United States and is the home of Stanford University. The population was 21,150 at the 2020 census, with a daily population of 35,000.

Portsmouth, New Hampshire

Portsmouth is a city in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, in the United States. It is the only city in the county, but only the fourth-largest community. It has a population of 21,956 at the 2020 census.

Alan Moller

Alan Roger Moller (February 1, 1950 – June 19, 2014) was an American meteorologist, storm chaser, nature and landscape photographer. He was known for advancing spotter training and bridging operational meteorology (particularly severe storms forecasting) with research.

Moller died in Fort Worth, Texas from Alzheimer's disease, aged 64.

Elsie Quarterman

Elsie Quarterman (November 28, 1910 – June 9, 2014) was an American plant ecologist. She was a Professor Emerita at Vanderbilt University. She is known for her work on the ecology of Tennessee cedar glades.

Quarterman was born on November 28, 1910 in Valdosta, Georgia. She earned a B.A. from Georgia State Women's College (now Valdosta State University) in 1932 and earned an M.A. in botany from Duke University in 1943.

She died on June 9, 2014, at the age of 103.


Valdosta, Georgia

Valdosta is the county seat of Lowndes County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 Census, Valdosta has a total population of 55,378, and is the 17th largest city in Georgia.

Joan Plowright

Dame Joan Ann Plowright, Baroness Olivier (born 28 October 1929), is an English actress. Her career has spanned over sixty years. She has won two Golden Globe Awards and a Tony Award and has been nominated for an Academy Award, an Emmy and two BAFTA Awards. She was married to the actor Laurence Olivier from 1961 until his death in 1989.

Curious George (movie)

Curious George is a 2006 American animated adventure movie based on the book "Curious George". It is directed by Matthew O'Callaghan. It stars Will Ferrell, Drew Barrymore, Dick Van Dyke, David Cross, Eugene Levy, Joan Plowright, Michael Sorich, Michael Chinyamurindi, Clint Howard, Ed O'Ross, and Frank Welker. It was released on February 10, 2006.


Curious George

Curious George is the main character of a series of popular children's books by the same name. It was written by Hans Augusto Rey and Margret Rey. The books feature a curious brown monkey named George, who is brought from his home in Africa by "The Man with The Yellow Hat" to live with him in a big city.

H. A. Rey

Hans Augusto Rey (September 16, 1898 – August 26, 1977) was an American illustrator and a writer. He was best known for the "Curious George" series of children's picture books that he and his wife Margret Rey created from 1939 to 1966.

Margret Rey

Margret Elizabeth Rey (May 16, 1906 – December 21, 1996) was a German-American writer and illustrator of Jewish descent. 

She was known best for the "Curious George" series of children's picture books that she and her husband H. A. Rey created from 1939 to 1966. She met her husband Hans Augusto Rey in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil while attempting to escape Nazism.

Curious George (book)

Curious George is a children's book written and illustrated by Margret Rey and H. A. Rey, and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1941. It is the first book in the Curious George series and tells the story of a monkey called George and his adventures with the Man with the Yellow Hat.

Ed O'Ross

Ed O'Ross (born July 4, 1946) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Itchy in "Dick Tracy", ruthless Georgian mobster Viktor Rostavili in "Red Heat", and tough-then-alien-possessed police detective Cliff Willis in "The Hidden".

O'Ross was born Edward Oross in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania,


Michael Kelly

Michael Joseph Kelly (born May 22, 1969) is an American actor. 

He is best known for his roles in movies such as "Changeling", "Dawn Of The Dead", "Law Abiding Citizen", "The Adjustment Bureau", and "Chronicle", "Now You See Me". He also appeared in the television miniseries "Generation Kill" and the "Criminal Minds" spin-off series "". 

He currently plays Doug Stamper in the American adaptation of "House of Cards".

Carla Gugino

Carla Gugino (born August 29, 1971) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in "Spy Kids", "Sin City",
"Race to Witch Mountain", "San Andreas", "Watchmen", "Son in Law", and "Night at the Museum".


American Gigolo

American Gigolo is a 1980 American crime drama movie. It is about a male escort in Los Angeles whose job pays for expensive cars, cocaine and clothing. Richard Gere plays Julian. Lauren Hutton plays Michelle.

This movie was released on February 8, 1980.

Lena Olin

Lena Olin (born 22 March 1955) is a Swedish actress. She played Josephine in "Chocolat". She also played Ruby in "Hollywood Homicide".

Olin was born in Stockholm.

The Unbearable Lightness of Being (movie)

The Unbearable Lightness of Being is a 1988 American erotic romantic drama movie. It is based on the novel of the same name. The movie is set in 1968 in Prague and Switzerland. Daniel Day-Lewis plays brain surgeon Tomas. Lena Olin plays Sabina. Juliette Binoche plays Tereza.

This movie was released in February 1988.

La Grande, Oregon

La Grande is a city in Union County, Oregon. It was originally named "Brownsville," it was forced to change its name due to that name already being used for a city in Linn County. The population was 13,026 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Union County.

Maps to the Stars

Maps to the Stars is a 2014 satirical and drama movie. This movie is about two former child stars and about the relationship of the entertainment industry with western civilization as a whole. Havana is played by Julianne Moore. Dr. Stafford is played by John Cusack.

The movie received mostly positive reviews from critics, and performances from the cast were praised. It was released in May 2014.

Pendleton, Oregon

Pendleton is a city in Umatilla County, Oregon. The population was 17,107 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Umatilla County.

Leo Sharp

Leonard Sharp (May 7, 1924 – December 12, 2016) was an American World War II veteran and notorious drug courier, or "mule". He transported drugs, mostly cocaine, across the United States, mostly to and from the southern US border and Detroit, Michigan. He allegedly transported more than 1,000 pounds of cocaine during his years of dealing.

He widely considered by the Sinola cartel and DEA authorities as an urban legend in Detroit until his arrest in 2013. He pleaded not guilty in October 2013 and was sentenced to three years in prison in May 2014. Sharp was the oldest drug mule in the World. He was released from prison in 2015 due to poor health.

Sharp was born in Michigan City, Indiana. He was raised in Detroit, Michigan. He fought in World War II and received a Bronze Star Medal for his service. 

Sharp had dementia. He died of the natural causes related to the disease on December 12, 2016 in Michigan at the age of 92.

The 2018 movie "The Mule" is based on Sharp's life, with Clint Eastwood playing "Earl Stone" (based on Sharp).


Peter Cullen

Peter Claver Cullen (born July 28, 1941) is a Canadian voice actor. He is known for making the voice of Optimus Prime in the "Transformers" television series and in the four movies of the Transformers movie series. He is also known for making the voice of Eeyore in "Winnie the Pooh".


Alice Pung

Alice Pung (born 1981) is an Australian writer, editor, lawyer and educator. She is best known for writing the memoir "Unpolished Gem" and editing the anthology "Growing Up Asian in Australia".

Pung was born in Footscray, Victoria and raised in Braybrook. Her parents were immigrants living in Cambodia. They fled to Australia during Pol Pot's Khmer Rouge regime in 1980. She was born one month after the event. She is the oldest of four siblings.

Tidal locking

Tidal locking (or captured rotation) is when one side of an astronomical body always faces another. It is also called synchronous rotation. The classic example is the Moon: the same side of the Moon always faces the Earth. 

A tidally locked body takes just as long to rotate around its own axis as it does to revolve around its partner. This makes one hemisphere constantly face the partner body. Usually, at any given time only the satellite is tidally locked around the larger body. If the two bodies are similar in mass, and their distance apart is small, the tidal force will lock "each" to the other. This is the case between Pluto and Charon. 

If the Moon were not spinning at all, it would alternately show its near and far sides to Earth, while moving around Earth in orbit.

It is possible to work out how long it takes for a particular case of tidal locking to occur. It is just a rough estimate, because some factors are poorly known. An example is the rigidity of a planetary body and its change in shape under tidal force. Tidal locking is an aspect of orbital resonance.

Locked to the Sun

Locked to the Earth

Locked to Mars

Locked to Jupiter
Locked to Saturn
Locked to Uranus

Locked to Neptune

Locked to Pluto

"Other"

Hot Jupiters are usually tidally locked to their star. 

The close-orbiting giant planet Tau Boötis b is known to be locked to the star Tau Boötis A.

Libration is an oscillating motion of orbiting bodies relative to each other. Examples include the motion of the Moon relative to Earth, or of Trojan asteroids relative to planets.

The Moon generally has one hemisphere facing the Earth, due to tidal locking. Therefore, our first view of the far side of the Moon resulted from lunar exploration in the 1960s. 

However, this simple picture is only approximately true: over time, slightly "more" than half (about 59%) of the Moon's surface is seen from Earth due to libration.

Libration is a slow rocking back and forth of the Moon as viewed from Earth, permitting an observer to see slightly different halves of the surface at different times.

Horsehead nebula

The Horsehead nebula (also known as Barnard 33) is a dark nebula in the constellation Orion. 
The nebula is part of the much larger Orion complex. The nebula is located just to the south of the star Alnitak. Alniak is the farthest east on Orion's Belt. It is part of the much larger Orion Molecular Cloud Complex. 

The nebula was first recorded in 1888 by Scottish astronomer Williamina Fleming. It was recorded on photographic plate B2312 taken at the Harvard College Observatory. The Horsehead Nebula is about 1500 light years from Earth. It is one of the most known nebulae because of its shape when seen from Earth. 

The dark cloud of dust and gas is a region in the Orion nebula where star formation is taking place. The nebula contains over 100 known organic and inorganic gases. It also consists of large and complex organic molecules.

The red or pinkish glow comes from hydrogen gas behind the nebula. Magnetic fields channel the gases leaving the nebula into streams that show as streaks in the background glow. A glowing strip of hydrogen gas marks the edge of the massive cloud. Thee densities of stars are different on either side. 

The darkness of the Horsehead is caused by thick dust blocking the light of stars behind it. The lower part of the Horsehead's neck casts a shadow to the left. Bright spots in the Horsehead Nebula's base are young stars just in the process of forming. 


Louise Élisabeth de Bourbon

Louise Élisabeth de Bourbon (Louise Élisabeth; 22 November 1693–27 May 1775) was a daughter of Louis de Bourbon, Prince of Condé, and his wife, Louise Françoise de Bourbon, herself an illegitimate daughter of Louis XIV of France and Madame de Montespan.

She was the wife of Louis Armand de Bourbon. She was the Princess of Conti by marriage. It was Louise Élisabeth who presented Madame de Pompadour to the court of Louis XV; she also built the Hôtel de Brienne, present seat of the French Ministry of Defence. Louise Élisabeth was the Duchess of Étampes in her own right, having succeeded to the title at the death of her aunt Marie Anne de Bourbon. 

Louise Élisabeth was born on 22 November 1693, at the Palace of Versailles. She was a "princesse du sang". In youth, she was known at court as "Mademoiselle de Charolais", a style later borne by her younger sister. Her parents' second daughter, and third child, she was one of nine children:


She was baptised in the chapel of Versailles on 24 November 1698 with her brother Louis Henri and her sister Louise Anne.

The first years of her marriage were full of court cases at the "Parlement de Paris" against her husband due to his violent temper and her desire to leave him.



Lufkin, Texas

Lufkin is a city in Texas.

Lufkin was created in 1882.

Lufkin is located at (31.336874, -94.730374).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which is land and , or 0.8%, is water.

Lufkin is at the crossroads of East Texas at the intersections of Highways US 59, future Interstate 69, which leads to Houston and the Rio Grande Valley to the south and Nacogdoches and Texarkana to the north, and US 69, which leads from the Golden Triangle of southeast Texas (Port Arthur and Beaumont) to points such as Jacksonville, Tyler, Dallas, and Oklahoma to the north.


Regional cities and their distance from Lufkin, Texas include:

Cecilia Payne-Gaposchkin

Cecilia Helena Payne-Gaposchkin (May 10, 1900 – December 7, 1979) was a British-American astronomer and astrophysicist. 

Payne was born in Wendover, England. In 1919, she won a scholarship to Newnham College, Cambridge University. She studied botany, physics, and chemistry. She was not given a degree because women were not given degrees by Cambridge until 1948. In 1923 she moved to the United States. She became an American citizen in 1931.

In 1933, she met Russian-born astrophysicist Sergei I. Gaposchkin in Germany. She married him in 1934.

Samira Wiley

Samira Denise Wiley (born April 15, 1987) is an American actress. She is an African American who was born in Washington, D.C.. She studied drama at the Juilliard School in New York. She plays Poussey Washington in the Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black". In between seasons of Orange Is the New Black, Wiley filmed "Rob the Mob".

Carter G. Woodson

Carter Godwin Woodson (December 19, 1875 – April 3, 1950) was an African-American historian. Woodson was one of the first scholars to study African-American history. He started the "Journal of Negro History".

Woodson was born to James and Eliza Riddle Woodson in Buckingham County, Virginia. He was a famous African-American historian, journalist, author, and founder of the Association for the Study of African American Life and History.

Rodney Alcala

Rodney James Alcala (born Rodrigo Jacques Alcala Buquor; August 23, 1943 – July 24, 2021) was an American rapist and serial killer. 

He committed five murders in California from 1977 to 1979. He was sentenced to death in 2010. He was given an extra sentence of 25 years to life after he pled guilty to two homicides in New York which took place in 1971 and 1977.

Alcala was sometimes called the ""Dating Game" Killer". During the middle of his murder spree, he appeared on the show in 1978 and won.

When Alcala was 17, Alcala joined the army. In 1964, he was discharged and was diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder. In 1968, he gained a bachelor's degree from UCLA.

Alcala died of natural causes on July 24, 2021 in Corcoran, California at the age of 77.


WrestleMania XII

WrestleMania XII was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on March 31, 1996 at the Arrowhead Pond in Anaheim, California. It was the twelfth WrestleMania event held by the WWF.


WrestleMania XI

WrestleMania XI was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on April 2, 1995 at the Hartford Civic Center in Hartford, Connecticut. It was the eleventh WrestleMania event held by the WWF. WrestleMania XI was met with mixed reviews and has been called both the worst WrestleMania of all time and the event that saved the WWF.


Małgorzata Braunek

Małgorzata Braunek (30 January 1947 – 23 June 2014) was a Polish actress of movies and stage. She won a Best Supporting Actress Award at the Polish Film Awards for her role in "Tulipany" (2004). She also had roles in movies such as "The Third Part of the Night" (1971), "The Devil" (1972) and "The Deluge" (1974).

Braunek was born in Szamotuły. She graduated from the Ludwik Solski Academy for the Dramatic Arts, Warsaw in 1969. She was married to movie director Andrzej Żuławski. They had a son actor and movie producer, Xawery Żuławski (1971). She was a follower and teacher of Zen Buddhism.

Braunek died from cancer in Warsaw on 23 June 2014, aged 67.


Peter Greste

Peter Greste (born 1 December 1965) is a Latvian-Australian journalist. He is best known for his work as a foreign correspondent. From 1991 to 1995, he was based in the United Kingdom, Bosnia and South Africa. During this time, he worked for Reuters, CNN, WTN and the BBC. He eventually worked for Al Jazeera. In May 2012, he won a Peabody Award for his work on the documentary "Somalia: Land of Anarchy".

Greste was born in Sydney, New South Wales. Greste's ethnicity is Latvian. He is a dual citizen of Australia and Latvia.

On 29 December 2013, he and other Al Jazeera journalists were arrested in Cairo, Egypt by authorities on terrorism charges relating to the Muslim Brotherhood. On 23 June 2014, Greste was found guilty by the court, and sentenced to seven years jail. United States Secretary of State John Kerry and Australian officials were quick to show support for the jailed journalists.

On 2 February 2015, Greste was released from prison and made to leave Egypt. This was ordered by the President of Egypt, Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, because of a new law which lets the government deport foreign prisoners.

Orion complex

The Orion complex (sometimes called the Orion molecular cloud complex) is a huge star-forming area in the constellation of Orion. 

It is a large group of bright nebulae, dark clouds, and young star clusters. The cloud is between 1,500 and 1,600 light-years away and is hundreds of light-years across. Several parts of the nebula can be seen through binoculars and small telescopes. Some parts (such as the Orion nebula) are visible to the naked eye.

The nebula is important because of its sheer size. It is also one of the most active regions of stellar formation that can be seen in the night sky. In it are protoplanetary discs and many very young stars. The nebula is very bright in the infrared wavelengths due to the heat-intensive processes involved in star formation. The complex contains dark nebulae, emission nebulae, reflection nebulae, and HII regions.

The following is a list of notable nebulae in the larger nebula complex:

Also the Orion OB1 Association is part of this complex. This is a group of several dozen hot giant stars of spectral types O and B. These are blue and blue-white stars.


Menemen

Menemen is a district of İzmir Province in Turkey. It is also the name of a town in that district.

Sara Widén

Sara Kristina Widén (9 May 1981 – 13 June 2014) was a Swedish opera singer (soprano). From 2013 until her death, she was starring in productions by the Royal Swedish Opera.

Widén was born in Halmstad, Halland County. Her younger brother Jacob Widén (born 1983) is a member of the punk rock band Neverstore.

Widén died from cancer on 13 June 2014 in Stockholm, aged 33.


Hannover Hauptbahnhof

Hannover Hauptbahnhof (German for "Hanover main station") is the main railway station of the German city of Hanover, Lower Saxony. It is the most important transportation service in the city. Each day, 250,000 people use the station.

It is served by local, regional and long-distance trains. It has 12 tracks on 6 platforms.

Hanover Central railway station was opened in 1843, and the new building in 1879.
The statue in front of the main building is showing Ernest Augustus, King of Hanover, riding a horse.

Auferstanden aus Ruinen

"Auferstanden aus Ruinen" () (German for "Risen from Ruins") was the national anthem of East Germany.

In 1949, the Soviet occupation zone of Allied Occupied Germany became a country that was called East Germany. For the anthem, the poet Johannes R. Becher wrote the lyrics. The composer Hanns Eisler wrote the melody.

Mario Götze

Mario Götze (born 3 June 1992 in Memmingen) is a German footballer. He plays as a midfielder for PSV Eindhoven and the Germany national football team. He was part of Germany's 2014 FIFA World Cup squad. He is considered one of Germany's best talents. He scored the winning goal of the 2014 FIFA World Cup final against Argentina.





Ron-Robert Zieler

Ron-Robert Zieler (born 12 February 1989 in Cologne) is a former German association football goalkeeper. He was part of Germany's 2014 FIFA World Cup squad.

Germany U19

Germany

Sin Cara

Sin Cara is the ring name of two former WWE wrestlers (luchadores):


André Schürrle

André Schürrle (born in Ludwigshafen, Germany on 6 November 1990) is a German association football forward that plays for Chelsea and the Germany national football team. He was part of Germany's 2014 FIFA World Cup squad. He began his career at 1. FSV Mainz 05, then went to Bayer 04 Leverkusen. His performances at that club got Chelsea interested in him, and in 2013 he was sold to Chelsea for £18 million.

Schürrle was a full international for Germany from 2010 to 2017, gaining 57 caps and scoring 22 goals. He was a member of the German squads which reached the semi-finals at UEFA Euro 2012 and won the 2014 FIFA World Cup. During extra-time in the 2014 FIFA World Cup Final he provided the assist for Mario Götze's winning goal against Argentina. He retired from professional football in July 2020, at the age of 29.

Erik Durm

Erik Durm (born 12 May 1992 in Pirmasens) is a German association football defender (football) that plays for Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national football team. He was part of Germany's 2014 FIFA World Cup squad. He made his first appearance for Germany in their draw against Cameroon on 1 June 2014.


Christoph Kramer

Christoph Kramer (born in Solingen, Germany on 19 February 1991) is a German football defender (football) who plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach and the Germany national football team. He was part of Germany's 2014 FIFA World Cup squad. He made his first appearance for Germany in their draw against Poland on 13 May 2014.


Sagittarius A

Sagittarius A (or Sgr A) is a complex radio source at the galactic centre of the Milky Way. It is in the Sagittarius constellation, but hidden from view by large clouds of cosmic dust in the spiral arms of the Milky Way.

It consists of three components: the remains of a supernova Sagittarius A East, the spiral structure Sagittarius A West, and a very bright compact radio source at the center of the spiral, Sagittarius A*. These three overlap: Sagittarius A East is the largest, West appears off-center within East, and A* is at the centre of West.

This feature is about 25 light-years wide. It looks like a remnant from a supernova explosion that happened between 35,000 and 100,000 years ago. However, it would take 50 to 100 times more energy than a standard supernova explosion to create a structure of this size and energy. Sgr A East might be the remains of a star that exploded as it was gravitationally squashed approaching the central black hole.

Sgr A West looks like a three-arm spiral from the point of view of the Earth. Actually it is made of several dust and gas clouds, which orbit and fall onto Sagittarius A* at velocities as high as 1,000 kilometers per second. The surface layer of these clouds is ionized. The source of ionisation is the population of massive stars that also occupy the central parsec of the galaxy. Over hundred such OB stars have been identified so far.

There is a supermassive black hole at the centre of the galaxy. Sagittarius A* (abbreviated Sgr A*) is the most likely candidate for the position of this central black hole. The Very Large Telescope and Keck Telescope detected stars orbiting Sgr A* at speeds greater than any other stars in the galaxy. One star, S2, orbits Sgr A* at speeds of over 5,000 kilometers per second at its closest approach.

A gas cloud is expected to collide with the black hole in 2014 and provide additional information.

Rafael Caldera

Rafael Antonio Caldera Rodríguez (; 24 January 1916 – 24 December 2009), twice elected President of Venezuela, served for two five-year terms (1969–1974 and 1994–1999), becoming the longest serving democratically elected leader to govern the country in the twentieth century.
Widely acknowledged as one of the founders of Venezuela’s democratic system, the main architect of the 1961 Constitution, and a pioneer of the Christian Democratic movement in Latin America, Caldera helped forge an unprecedented period of civilian democratic rule in a country beleaguered by a history of political violence and military caudillos.

His leadership established Venezuela’s reputation as one of the more stable democracies in Latin America during the second half of the twentieth century.

After graduating with a degree in law and political science from Central University of Venezuela in 1939, Caldera embarked on a 70-year long career that combined political, intellectual and academic activities.


Alexander Stubb

Cai-Göran Alexander Stubb (born 1 April 1968) is a Finnish politician who is the 13rd President of Finland since 2024. He was the 43rd Prime Minister of Finland from 24 June 2014 to 29 May 2015. He was the Leader of the National Coalition Party from 14 June 2014 to 11 June 2016. Stubb successfully ran for president in the 2024 election. After taking office, Stubb will be the second Swedish-Finnish president in the history of Finland after Baron C. G. E. Mannerheim.


Shashi Kapoor

Shashi Kapoor (Balbir Raj Prithviraj Kapoor; 18 March 1938 in Calcutta – 4 December 2017 in Mumbai) was an Indian movie actor and movie producer. He was known for his roles in "Junoon", "Kabhie Kabhie", "Deewaar", "Siddhartha", and in "Ajooba".

Kapoor died in a hospital in Mumbai of cirrhosis on 4 December 2017 at the age of 79.


Gotham, Wisconsin

Gotham (also Richland City) is an unincorporated census-designated place, in the town of Buena Vista, in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located about an hour west of Madison, Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, its population was 191.

Samuel Insull

Samuel Insull (November 11, 1859 – July 16, 1938) was a British-born American business magnate whose vast Midwest holding company empire collapsed in the 1930s. He was an innovator and investor based in Chicago. Insull was known for buying utilities and railroads using holding companies.


Mickey Cohen

Meyer Harris "Mickey" Cohen (September 4, 1913 – July 29, 1976) was an American gangster who worked in Los Angeles. He was part of the Jewish Mafia, and also had strong ties to the American Mafia from the 1930s through 1960s.


IPhone 5C

The iPhone 5C (sold with a lowercase 'c' as iPhone 5c) is a touchscreen-based smartphone that is made by Apple Inc. It comes after the iPhone 5, and was released along with the iPhone 5S. Apple introduced the iPhone 5C and the iPhone 5S at an event on September 10, 2013. They were both released on September 20, 2013. After the announcement of the iPhone 5C and 5S, the iPhone 5 was discontinued.

The iPhone 5C first came with iOS 7, the latest version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system at the time. On June 2, 2014, it was announced that the iPhone 5C would get iOS 8 this fall. iOS 8 was released on September 17, 2014.

The iPhone 5C has almost the same hardware as the iPhone 5. A few differences are that it has a slightly bigger battery and it also comes in five different colors (blue, green, pink, yellow, and white). It also uses a plastic shell on the outside instead of a metal casing that is used on the iPhone 5 and 5S.

Apple announced the iPhone 5C, along with the iPhone 5S at an event at its headquarters on September 10, 2013.

The iPhone 5C is sold at a lower price than the iPhone 5S. The iPhone 4S is still being sold, but has been changed so that it costs less than the 5C. The iPhone 5S sells for $199 for the 16 GB model with a two-year contract in the United States. It sells for $649 without a contract. The 5C sells for $99 for the 16 GB model on a contract. It sells for $549 without a contract. The iPhone 4S is still being sold, but the price has been dropped. It is free on a two-year contract or $449 without a contract.

An 8 GB version of the iPhone 5C was released on March 18, 2014, but will only be sold in six countries: United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Australia, and China.


Orange Studio

Orange Studio (formerly Studio 37) is a company in Paris, France that creates movies. It is a subsidiary of Orange S.A., and works on French and European long feature films and series.

Orange Studio was founded in 2007 as Studio 37. In 2013, Studio 37 was renamed to Orange Studio.





Camilo Cienfuegos

Camilo Cienfuegos Gorriarán (; February 6, 1932 – October 28, 1959) was a Cuban revolutionary. He was born in Lawton, Havana. He was raised in an anarchist family that had left Spain before the Spanish Civil War. Cienfuegos became a key figure of the Cuban Revolution, along with Fidel Castro, Che Guevara, Juan Almeida Bosque, and Raúl Castro.

On October 28, 1959, Cienfuegos's Cessna 310 ('FAR-53') disappeared over the ocean during a night flight from Camagüey to Havana. He was declared dead on the same day when searches for the plane failed. He was 27 years old.

Juan Almeida Bosque

Juan Almeida Bosque (February 17, 1927 – September 11, 2009) was a Cuban politician and one of the original commanders of the Cuban Revolution. 

After the 1959 revolution, he was a famous figure in the Communist Party of Cuba. At the time of his death in 2009, he was a Vice-President of the Cuban Council of State and was its third ranking member. He received several decorations, and both national and international awards, including the title of "Hero of the Republic of Cuba" and the Order of Máximo Gómez.

On September 11, 2009, Juan Almeida died of a heart attack, aged 82.

Crash (computing)

A Computer crash is when a computer program stops running normally. The program can be either an application or the computer's operating system. The program may freeze (stop) or may show a crash report explaining what happened. One, called the Blue Screen of Death has a blue screen and means whatever you were working on may have just 'died'. Many crashes involving computers are often the result of machine instructions not running right. Typical causes are if programs' counters are set to incorrect addresses or buffer overflows.

An application crash can happen if an operation (a set of instructions) is performed that is not allowed by the operation system. If an application crashes, any work in progress may be lost. For this reason it is very important to backup computer files every few minutes. In some (mostly older) operating systems, when one application program crashes, other running programs may crash as a result.

Operation systems often crash due to hardware problems. A device driver that is poorly written can cause an operating system to crash. The solution may be to upgrade the driver. Some operating systems, such as Minix, have ways to recover from driver crashes.

With Arms Wide Open

"With Arms Wide Open" is a power ballad and is the third single off American rock band Creed's second studio album "Human Clay". The song was released on April 24, 2000. 

The song won a Grammy Award for Best Rock Song at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards in 2001. It was also nominated for Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group but lost to U2's "Beautiful Day".

Ted Lindsay

Ted Lindsay (born Robert Blake Theodore Lindsay; July 29, 1925 – March 4, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. Lindsay played a career total of 17 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Detroit Red Wings and Chicago Black Hawks.

During his career, Lindsay was able to win the Stanley Cup four times and won the Art Ross Trophy once. He was nicknamed "Terrible Ted" because of his involvement in the creation of the National Hockey League Players' Association (NHLPA) and due to this he was traded to Chicago. He also served as the General Manager and Head coach of the Detroit Red Wings.

Lindsay was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1966. His jersey number #7 was retired by the Red Wings on November 10, 1991. In 1998, "The Hockey News" ranked Lindsay #21 on their list of 100 Greatest Hockey Players.

Lindsay died on March 4, 2019 at his home in Oakland Charter Township, Michigan at the age of 93.


WWF One Night Only

WWF One Night Only was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on September 20, 1997 at the NEC Arena in Birmingham, England.

WWF The Wrestling Classic

WWF The Wrestling Classic was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 7, 1985 at the Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois. The main event of the PPV was the finals of a 16-man tournament and saw Junkyard Dog defeat Randy Savage.

Sonderkommando

Sonderkommandos were special work groups made up of prisoners in the Nazi extermination camps (death camps) during World War II. (In German, ""Sonderkommando"" means "special unit".) They worked in and around the gas chambers, which the Nazis used to murder many people.

The "Sonderkommandos" did not kill anybody. When the Nazi guards at the death camps killed people in their gas chambers, they made the "Sonderkommandos" do a few different jobs:

Usually, the Nazi camp guards chose people for the "Sonderkommando" groups right after those people got to the concentration camps. They almost always chose Jewish prisoners. These people were told they would be killed if they did not agree. They were not told what kind of work they would have to do. Sometimes, the new "Sonderkommando" would find the bodies of their own families in the gas chambers. They were not allowed to change jobs or refuse to work. The only way they could stop working as "Sonderkommando" would be to kill themselves.

Sometimes the groups of "Sonderkommandos" were very big. As the Nazis killed more and more people in the concentration camps, they wanted more "Sonderkommandos". By 1943, at Birkenau concentration camp (also called "Auschwitz II"), the groups of "Sonderkommando" included 400 prisoners. But when many more Jews from Hungary were sent to the camp in 1944, the Nazis added 500 more "Sonderkommando".

The Nazis needed the "Sonderkommandos" to stay strong enough to work. Because of this, they were treated a little better than the other prisoners. They were allowed to sleep in their own barracks. They were also allowed to keep things like food, medicines, and cigarettes that had belonged to people who were killed in the gas chambers. The Nazis allowed these things because they wanted to be able to kill people as quickly as possible in the gas chambers. Without the "Sonderkommando" to help with the dead bodies, the Nazis would not be able to use the gas chambers as much.

Because they knew so much about how the Nazis were killing so many people, the Nazis thought of the "Sonderkommando" as "Geheimnisträger" — people who knew secrets. Because of this, they were kept apart from other prisoners in the camps. The Nazis also did not want anyone outside the camps to know what they were doing. To make sure the "Sonderkommando" could never tell what they knew, the Nazis would regularly kill all of the "Sonderkommando", usually about every 3 months. Then they would choose a new group out of new prisoners just getting to the camps. The new group's first job would be to burn the bodies of the old "Sonderkommandos".

Some "Sonderkommandos" tried to revolt (fight back) against the Nazis. For example, in 1944, "Sonderkommandos" at Auschwitz partly destroyed one of the crematoria used for burning bodies. For months, young Jewish women had secretly been taking small amounts of gunpowder from a weapons factory in the Auschwitz camp. They had been sneaking that gunpowder to men and women in the camp's resistance movement. (The resistance movement was a group of prisoners at Auschwitz who decided to fight back against the Nazis, sometimes in secret ways.) Using this gunpowder, the leaders of the "Sonderkommando" planned to blow up the gas chambers and crematoria, and start a rebellion against the camp's guards.

However, before this plan was ready, people in the camp's resistance movement found out that the Nazi guards were going to murder the "Sonderkommando" on 7 October 1944. The resistance members warned the "Sonderkommando", who attacked the guards with two machine guns, axes, knives and grenades. They killed about 3 guards and hurt about 12 others. A total of 451 "Sonderkommandos" were killed on this day. Some died fighting the camp's guards. Some did not, and were executed later that day by the Nazis.

There were also revolts in two other concentration camps, called Treblinka and Sobibór. At Treblinka, on 2 August 1943, around 100 prisoners were able to escape from the camp. At Sobibór, "Sonderkommando" in one part of the camp (Camp I) revolted on 14 October 1943. The "Sonderkommando" in another part of the camp (Camp III) did not revolt, but were murdered the next day.

Other "Sonderkommandos" fought back secretly. For example, at Auschwitz, in August 1944, members of the "Sonderkommando" were able to take pictures showing bodies being burned and people being sent to the gas chambers. They snuck these pictures out of the camp as proof of what the Nazis were doing.

Fewer than twenty out of several thousand members of the "Sonderkommando" are known to have survived and were able to testify to what happened. After World War II, at some camps, people found notes that members of the "Sonderkommando" had buried or hidden, hoping that someone would find the notes later and know what happened.

Between 1943 and 1944, some members of the "Sonderkommando" at Birkenau (Auschwitz II) were able to get pens and paper, and they wrote about the things they had seen at the camp. They buried the things they wrote near the crematoria. Their writings were found after the war ended.

For example, this note was found buried in the Auschwitz crematoria. It was written by Zalman Gradowski, a "Sonderkommando" who was killed in the revolt on 7 October 1944:"Dear finder of these notes, I have one request of you ... that my days of Hell, that my hopeless tomorrow will find a purpose in the future. I am transmitting [writing about] only a part of what happened in the Birkenau-Auschwitz Hell. You will realize what reality looked like ... From all this you will have a picture of how our people perished [died]."


Ana María Matute

Ana María Matute Ausejo (26 July 1925 – 25 June 2014) was a Spanish writer and member of the Real Academia Española. She is thought to have been one of the most famous writers since the Spanish Civil War.

She was born in Barcelona. She studied at the international school of Hilversum in the Netherlands. She was a guest lecturer to the universities of Oklahoma, Indiana and Virginia.

On 25 June 2014, Matute died of a heart attack at the age of 88, and was laid to rest in the Cemetery of Montjuïc, Barcelona.


Ivan Plyushch

Ivan Stepanovych Plyushch (September 11, 1941 – June 25, 2014) was a Ukrainian politician. He was the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada (parliament of Ukraine) three times.

He was chairman from July 9, through July 23, 1990 (acting), from December 5, 1991 through May 11, 1994 and from February 1, 2000 through May 14, 2002.

Plyushch died on June 25, 2014 of cancer, aged 72.


Roxas (Kingdom Hearts)

Since his introduction, Roxas has received a positive critical response from fans and video game publications. In February 2010, Roxas was ranked #28 on a "Famitsu" poll featuring the most popular video game characters from Japan.


The Hits

The Hits is the second compilation album by Garth Brooks. The album was released on December 13, 1994. 

Madeleine Sherwood

Madeleine Sherwood (November 13, 1922 – April 23, 2016) was a Canadian actress. She was known for her roles as Reverend Mother Placido in "The Flying Nun". She also appeared in "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" and "Sweet Bird of Youth". Sherwood was once blacklisted as a communist during the 1960s, even though she wasn't.

Sherwood died on April 23, 2016 at her childhood home in Lac Cornu, Quebec at the age of 93.


Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania

Bryn Mawr is a census-designated place in Pennsylvania, United States. It is west of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Bryn Mawr College is in Bryn Mawr. As of 2020, 5,879 people lived there. It was founded in 1686. "Bryn Mawr" means "big hill" in Welsh.

New York, I Love You

New York, I Love You is a 2008 American romantic-comedy-drama movie directed by Fatih Akin, Yvan Attal, Randall Balsmeyer, Allen Hughes, Shunji Iwai, Jiang Wen, Shekhar Kapur, Joshua Marston, Mira Nair, Natalie Portman, and Brett Ratner.
It stars Bradley Cooper, Shia LaBeouf, Natalie Portman, Anton Yelchin, Hayden Christensen, Orlando Bloom, Irrfan Khan, Rachel Bilson, Chris Cooper, Andy García, Christina Ricci, John Hurt, Cloris Leachman, Robin Wright Penn, Julie Christie, Maggie Q, Ethan Hawke, James Caan, Shu Qi, and Eli Wallach.
The movie premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival in September 2008. It was released in the United States on October 16, 2009.

Esmeralda Agoglia

Esmeralda Agoglia (born 29 August 1923) is a former Argentine prima ballerina, choreographer and director of Argentina's Ballet Estable.

Agoglia was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Agoglia joined the Ballet Estable at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires in 1942. From 1949 to 1976 she was the company's prima ballerina.

In 1989 she received the Konex Award for her work as a ballerina.

She now lives in Buenos Aires.


Natalie Tran

Natalie Tran (born 24 July 1986) is an Australian vlogger, actress, comedian and writer. She is best known for her YouTube channel "communitychannel". 

Tran makes "videos that are a combination of monologue and sketches that focus on the humourous aspects of everyday life." As of September 2018, her channel has over 1.8 million subscribers and over 500 million total video views. She has a signature sign-off that is "Your Mum Rates Me." She made her first movie role was as Helen in "Goddess" (2013).

Tran was born in Sydney, New South Wales. Her parents are from Vietnam.


Mister International India

Mister International India is a national pageant in India that annually selects India's representative to Mister International pageant.

The first edition of Mister International India was held in 2006. Sudhir Tewari was the winner of the first edition. He represented India at Mister International 2006.



Lada

Lada is a brand of car from the AvtoVAZ company in Tolyatti, Samara Oblast, Russia. The car was first sold as an export under the name Zhiguli in the domestic Soviet market after June 1966. They are most popular in Russia and Europe.

In April 2012, AvtoVAZ announced that they had ended model 2107 called the Lada Riva / Lada Nova after more than 40 years.


Survivor Series (1990)

Survivor Series (1990) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 22, 1990 at the Hartford Civic Center in Hartford, Connecticut. It was the fourth Survivor Series event that was held by the WWF.


Survivor Series (1991)

Survivor Series (1991) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 27, 1991 at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan. It was the fifth Survivor Series event that was held by the WWF.


Gainbridge Fieldhouse

Gainbridge Fieldhouse, previously known as Conseco Fieldhouse and Bankers Life Fieldhouse, is a sports arena located in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA. It is the home of the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association and the Indiana Fever of the Women's National Basketball Association. The Fieldhouse also hosts college basketball games (including the annual Big Ten Conference tournaments), indoor concerts, and ice hockey. The Fieldhouse is the home of the Indiana Ice hockey team.

The arena opened as Conseco Fieldhouse, named via a contract with the company then known as Conseco, a financial services company based in the Indianapolis suburb of Carmel. In 2010, the company renamed itself CNO Financial Group, but temporarily kept the Conseco name on the building. In December 2011, the company changed the arena name to Bankers Life Fieldhouse, after one of its subsidiaries. CNO decided not to renew its naming sponsorship after it expired on June 30, 2019. The "Bankers Life" name remained on the arena until September 27, 2021, when Indianapolis-based financial platform Gainbridge entered into a new naming contract.


Survivor Series (1992)

Survivor Series (1992) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 25, 1992 at the Richfield Coliseum in Richfield Township, Ohio. It was the sixth Survivor Series event that was held by the WWF.


Penny Wong

Penelope Ying-Yen "Penny" Wong (born 5 November 1968) is an Australian lawyer and politician for the Labor Party. She was the Leader of the Opposition in the Senate, under Leader of the Opposition. She has represented South Australia in the Senate since 2002.

In May 2022, Anthony Albanese picked Wong to be the Minister of Foreign Affairs.

Wong was born in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia. Her father is Malaysian Chinese of the Hakka people and her mother is Australian and of English ancestry. When her parents separated when she was eight, she moved to Adelaide, South Australia with her mother and her four-year-old brother younger brother, Toby. Toby killed himself in 2002.

Wong is a lesbian and also a Christian. Her partner is public servant, Sophie Allouache. They have two daughters, Alexandra (born 2011) and Hannah (born 2015).

Gino Odjick

Wayne Gino "Chief, The Enforcer" Odjick (September 7, 1970 – January 15, 2023) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger. Odjick played a career total of 12 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Vancouver Canucks, New York Islanders, Philadelphia Flyers, and Montreal Canadiens.

Before playing in the NHL, Odjick played 2 seasons with the Laval Titan of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). He was drafted 86th overall by the Vancouver Canucks in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft. He played 8 years with the Canucks and played the role of an enforcer.

On March 23, 1998, Odjick was traded to the New York Islanders for Jason Strudwick. He would play 3 years with the Islanders. On February 15, 2000, he was traded to Philadelphia Flyers for Mikael Andersson and a 5th round pick in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. After two seasons with the Flyers, He was traded to the Montreal Canadiens for P. J. Stock and a 6th round pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft. He was only able to play two seasons with the Canadiens and missed most of the 2002–03 NHL season because he suffered a concussion when a puck hit him in the back of the head during a pre-season practice. He was also suspended by the Canadiens when he failed to report to the minors. Odjick retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2002.

Odjick was born just outside of Maniwaki, Quebec on an Algonquin Native Reserve named Kitigan Zibi. In 2003, he moved back to Vancouver and partnered with the Musqueam First Nation to manage the Musqueam Golf & Learning Academy. On June 26, 2014, Odjick announced that he had been diagnosed with a rare terminal disease called AL amyloidosis.
Odjick died from a heart attack on January 15, 2023, at the age of 52. Odjick's parents, Joe and Marie-Antoinette, predeceased him. He had eight children and five sisters.

Don't Go Away

"Don't Go Away" is the fourth single off English rock band Oasis' third studio album "Be Here Now". The song was released on 19 February 1998. The song was released only as a single in Japan and it peaked at #48 on the Oricon chart. The song was successful in the United States and peaked at #5 on the "Billboard" Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart in 1997.

Stop Crying Your Heart Out

"Stop Crying Your Heart Out" is the second single off English rock band Oasis' fifth studio album "Heathen Chemistry". The song was released on 17 May 2002. Jason Fox for NME said that "Stop Crying Your Heart Out" was the band's return to the "long lost humanism" of their 1996 single "Don't Look Back in Anger", because of Noel Gallagher's ability to lighten the mood of his audience when they are in need.

The song was composed in the key of B minor and used common time at 76 beats per minute.


Andrew Wiggins

Andrew Christian Wiggins (born February 23, 1995) is an Canadian professional basketball player. He is a shooting guard-small forward for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA). When he was drafted, Wiggins became the second ever Canadian basketball player to be picked #1 overall in the NBA draft.

Wiggins played college basketball at the University of Kansas. During his first year there, Wiggins was able to average 17.1 points per game (ppg), 5.9 rebounds per game (rpg), and made 34.1% of his three-pointers. On January 13, 2014, in a game against Iowa State, Wiggins scored 17 points and gained 19 rebounds in a 77–70 victory. He became only the second freshman in the last 15 years (along with Michael Kidd-Gilchrist) to earn those numbers in a win against a ranked opponent.

On June 26, 2014, Wiggins was picked 1st overall by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 2014 NBA Draft. On August 23, 2014, there was a three-team trade that was done by the Cavaliers, the Minnesota Timberwolves, and the Philadelphia 76ers. The trade sent Wiggins and Anthony Bennett to the Timberwolves, along with Thaddeus Young, of the Sixers. The Cavaliers received Kevin Love from Minnesota and the Sixers received Luc Richard Mbah a Moute and Alexey Shved from Minnesota as well as a 2015 first round draft pick from Cleveland. Wiggins became only the second player since the ABA–NBA merger to have been drafted as the number one pick, only to be traded later without having played a single game for the team he was originally drafted by; Chris Webber was the first following the 1993 NBA draft.

On June 16, 2022, Wiggins won his first NBA championship when he helped the Warriors defeat the Boston Celtics 4 games to 2. During the series, Wiggins lead the Finals with both the highest amount of rebounds and blocks.


Moonlite BunnyRanch

The Moonlite BunnyRanch is a legal brothel in Nevada. It opened in 1955. It is owned by Dennis Hof. Donald Sterling was banned for life from the brothel.

Cast Away

Cast Away is a 2000 American adventure drama movie about a FedEx employee (Tom Hanks) surviving in an uninhabited island after the plane crashed in the Pacific Ocean. It was directed by Robert Zemeckis. It gained positive reviews from critics and holds a 90% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. At the 73rd Academy Awards, Hanks was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role, but lost to Russell Crowe for "Gladiator".


Agnes, Victoria

Agnes is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is where the South Gippsland Highway and Barry Road meet. The town is on the South Gippsland railway line.

Pennsylvania Route 274

Pennsylvania Route 274 (PA 274) is a state highway in Franklin and Perry Counties in Pennsylvania. It is long. The western end of the highway is at Pennsylvania Route 75 in Fannett Township, Pennsylvania. The eastern end is at US 11/US 15 in Duncannon.

Leslie Manigat

Leslie François Saint Roc Manigat (August 16, 1930 - June 27, 2014) was a Haitian politician. He was elected President of Haiti after a tightly controlled military held election in January 1988.

He died on June 27, 2014 at the age of 83.


René Préval

René Garcia Préval (; January 17, 1943 – March 3, 2017) was a Haitian politician and agronomist. He was twice President of the Republic of Haiti. The 2010 Haiti earthquake occurred during his presidency. He and his wife, First Lady Elisabeth Delatour Préval, survived the earthquake, when the couple was about to enter the presidential palace when the earthquake struck, which destroyed the palace.

He served from February 7, 1996 to February 7, 2001, and from May 14, 2006 to May 14, 2011. He was also Prime Minister from February 1991 to October 11, 1991.

Taken (movie)

Taken is a 2008 French action thriller movie directed by Pierre Morel and produced by Luc Besson. 

A 17 year old American girl goes to Paris on holiday. She is kidnapped by an Albanian gang of sex traffickers. Her father rescues her. 

It stars Liam Neeson, Maggie Grace, Leland Orser, Jon Gries, David Warshofsky, Holly Valance, Katie Cassidy, Xander Berkeley, Olivier Rabourdin, Gérard Watkins, and Famke Janssen. 

It was released on 27 February 2008 in France and on 30 January 2009 in the United States. A sequel, "Taken 2", was released on 3 October 2012.

2014 United Kingdom local elections

The 2014 United Kingdom local elections were held on 22 May 2014. It was on the same day as the European elections.


Taken 2

Taken 2 is a 2012 English-language French action thriller movie. It was directed by Olivier Megaton and produced by Luc Besson. It is set in Istanbul. 

It stars Liam Neeson, Maggie Grace, Famke Janssen, Leland Orser, Jon Gries, D.B. Sweeney, Luke Grimes, and Rade Šerbedžija. It is the sequel to the 2008 movie "Taken" and was released on 3 October 2012. 

Another sequel, "Taken 3", was released in 2015.


Taken 3

Taken 3 is a French action thriller movie. It was directed by Olivier Megaton. It was produced by Luc Besson. It stars Liam Neeson, Maggie Grace, Forest Whitaker, and Famke Janssen. It was released on 9 January 2015.

The soundtrack was composed by Nathaniel Méchaly.

The ex-CIA agent Bryan Mills (Liam Neeson) has an ordeal behind that after his daughter was kidnapped by Albanian sex traffickers ("Taken") and he had to rescue his family from the clutches of the vengeful Albanians ("Taken 2"), this time he even persecuted. His wife is murdered by unknown people who manage to make it appear as the main suspect. He manages his arrest to come before, but the wily Inspector Franck Dotzler (Forest Whitaker) attaches itself to his heels. Mills must succeed to find the mastermind behind the murder before Dotzler tightens the noose around him and before his wife's killer may also jeopardize his daughter. He is a hunter and hunted at the same time and all he can demonstrate are his exceptional ability and talent.


Raúl Ramírez (actor)

Raúl Ramírez (28 January 1927 – 22 June 2014) was a Mexican movie actor, director, and screenwriter. He was known for his roles in "Juan el enterrador" (1981), "De pulquero a millonario" (1982) and "La salvaje ardiente" (1984). He was born in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.

Ramírez died in Mexico City, Mexico from a long-illness, aged 87. He is survived by his wife, actress Marcela Daviland and his son, Raúl.

Hazel McCallion

Hazel McCallion, née Journeaux, (February 14, 1921 – January 29, 2023) was a Canadian politician. She served as the mayor of Mississauga, Ontario. McCallion was first elected in November 1978, and was the longest serving mayor in the city's history. She retired in 2014.


Grant, Alabama

Grant is a town in Marshall County, in the northeast of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population of Grant was 1,039.

Albert, New South Wales

Albert is a town in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia. At the 2006 census, Albert had a population of 96.

Central West (New South Wales)

The Central West is a region of New South Wales, Australia. The region is west of the Blue Mountains, which are west of Sydney. It has an area of 63,262 square kilometres (24,426 square miles). Major towns and cities in the Central West include the cities of Bathurst and Orange; and the large towns of Cowra and Parkes. Bathurst and Orange have campuses of Charles Sturt University, the only local provider of higher education for the region.

Yukon River

The Yukon River is a river in northwestern North America. It starts in British Columbia, continues through the Yukon Territory, and ends in Alaska. It empties into the Bering Sea. It is the longest river in Alaska and the Yukon. It was one of the main ways that people travelled during the 1896–1903 Klondike Gold Rush.

Yukon Legislative Assembly

The Yukon Legislative Assembly is the legislative assembly for Yukon, Canada. It has 19 elected members. It is presided over by the Speaker of the Yukon Legislative Assembly. There are five political parties in the territory. Three parties are represented in the legislature. The Yukon Liberal Party has a majority of the seats.

The assembly was created in 1977 by the Yukon Elections Act. Members to the assembly were first elected in a general election in 1978. The Legislative Assembly is the only legislature of Canada's territories that has political parties. The legislature for the Northwest Territories and Nunavut follow a consensus government without political parties.

Agloe, New York

Agloe, New York is a made-up town in New York. It was created in the 1930s by the General Drafting Company to use in their maps as a copyright trap - a false fact that is created to see if someone copied from that source.
Agloe has an important role in the book "Paper Towns" by John Green. The population of Agloe is 1 in the book Paper Towns.

Metropolismania

Metropolismania known in Japan as Mach-ing Maker is a city-building/strategy game video game published by Natsume (NA), Ubisoft (EU) and developed by Media Factory. 

The game was released on September 27, 2001 in Japan, October 3, 2002 in North America, and on November 8, 2002 in Europe. The main objective of the game is to talk with NPCs to populate various towns. A sequel called Metropolismania 2 was released on August 21, 2007 in North America and on July 13, 2006 in Japan. Later, the spin-off is Mach-ing Maker DS is released on Nintendo DS. Another sequel, called Metropolismania 3, was released for the PlayStation Portable in Japan only. And the final sequel called Metropolismania 4, has released in 2010 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.

IGN rated the game a 6.5 out of 10 GameSpot rated the game a 7 out of 10 stars


The Garth Brooks Collection

The Garth Brooks Collection is the first compilation album by Garth Brooks. The album was released on September 2, 1994.

Operation Mincemeat

Operation Mincemeat was a plan by the Allies to trick the Axis powers in 1943. A body with fake secret documents was allowed to float in Spain to make the Axis think that the Allies would invade Sardinia or Greece. That made the Allies easily win over the Axis during their real invasion of Sicily.

Konyang University

Konyang University (건양대학교; RR: Geonyang), located in Nonsan, South Korea, is a private university. It was founded in 1991.

Konyang University has campuses in Nonsan and Daejeon. The Nonsan campus is the main campus. It is the location of the university's new College of Interdisciplinary and Creative Studies. 

The Daejeon campus has programs in Western medicine, medical technology, and nursing. In 2013, Konyang began the first Korean program in Medical Space Design & Management. The university is accredited by the Korean Council for University Education. The Daejeon campus also hosts the Konyang Cyber University, the president of which is Lee Won-mook.

The university's founder and long-time president was Dr. Kim Hi-soo. He was given the 2006 South Korean Mugunghwa Order of Civil Merit Medal (국민훈상무궁화장) prize for outstanding citizen, for his work in supporting education. In September of 2017, Chung Yeon-ju became the current president. 

Totally Spies! The Movie

Totally Spies! The Movie (known as Totally Spies! Le film in France) is a 2009 French - Canadian animated action comedy movie. The movie is part of the "Totally Spies!" series. It tells the beginnings of the three secret agents, how they met and their first mission as members of WOOHP.

Clover
Sam
Alex
Gery
Wolf man

Three newcomers, Sam, Clover and Alex, come to Los Angeles and meet by chance, because they are entering the same high school. They are in fact followed closely by a secret agency, the WOOHP, who will recruit them for three seasoned spies. They agree to go through spy training and within 48 hours, they have completed it.

After training, they are thrown into their first mission when rockstars have been abducted. They go to Wolfman's building and later find that each went through a make over by a mysterious machine called the "Fabulizor". They later see that everyone at school also had gone through the Fabulizor and Oinky ends up going through the Fabulizor too. They are almost blasted by one of Fabu's minions in a fighter jet after avoiding Miss Skritch as they sneak back into school. Tailing Mandy that night, they find that all of those who went through the Fabulizor became hypnotized by a special chip in their cheek bones. They then meet the mastermind behind the entire affair, Fabu, a runway model who quickly lost his fame. The spies accidentally expose themselves and are captured by Fabu's strongest henchmen. He then relates his entire plan, to abduct everyone who went through the Fabulizor and place them inside a special space station which he calls Fabutopia; then use a missile to destroy all of Earth, before using his Fabulizor in reverse and give the girls each horrible make overs. He then sets them to be blasted back to Earth in rockets. But when Tad meets the girls again, they are still imprisoned and he says he will let them fail the mission and stop Fabu himself, taking all the credit and regaining his "favorite agent" status with Jerry.

But after a fight with Fabu, Tad is strapped to the missile bound for Earth. The girls manage to escape and go after Fabu. They are unable to stop the missile from taking off but hitch a ride as it is rocketing towards Earth with Tad still attached to it. They are able to turn the missile around to destroy the station and Alex whacks at the control panel with the WOOHP manual. They then are picked up by a surprise appearance from Jerry in one of WOOHP's ships and rescue the kidnapped people from aboard the station and evacuate safely, including Oinky. They are finally reunited with Alex before the missile explodes and destroys the station in a firework finale. They then chase after Fabu's ship, manage to destroy it and catch Fabu and his Sphynx in his escape pod. After the mission, Alex is invited for a session with Wolfman and Clover is offered a date by Rob Hearthrob over the phone.

Miss Skritch had been transferred to another school in Antarctica in an igloo, Fabu, his henchmen and Tad are later imprisoned and set for punishment by WOOHP and everyone who was rescued from aboard Fabu's space station have their minds erased (including Mandy). But just after the girls celebrate getting even with Mandy for the last time, courtesy of one of WOOHP's gadgets, they are sucked away to another mission. The girls are quick to bring up personal appointments, but soon find themselves running from a WOOHP jet as it prepares to suck them aboard. But the girls are ready for their mission as they change into their spy uniforms and exclaim their friendship as the movie ends.

The movie was released in France on 22 July 2009 in 272 theatres.
On 14 October 2009 the movie hit the Netherlands and stayed there for seven weeks. On 10 March 2010 the movie came out on DVD in the Netherlands.

DVD of the movie in its original language, French, was released in France on the 3rd of February through Fox Pathe Europa. It topped charts in the French Amazon in the week of its release.

Vendetta Films, a new New Zealander film distributing company, has recently confirmed the release date of the Totally Spies: The Movie! DVD. It will be released on 1 April, nothing else has being announced. Vendetta can ship overseas. It was also announced that it will cost $24.99 NZD. Marathon currently has no plans to release it in any North American country other than Mexico. On 30 March 2010, news was obtained that Cartoon Network have the rights to release the Totally Spies! The Movie in America including the spin-off, The Amazing Spiez!

The film aired on Disney Channel Asia on 27 February 2010 later on Cartoon Network in United States and Teletoon in Canada. The Film also premiered on TF1 in France.

The Film was awarded 2011 kidscreen 

Bobby Womack

Robert Dwayne "Bobby" Womack (; March 4, 1944 – June 27, 2014) was an American singer-songwriter and musician.

Womack was born in Cleveland, Ohio, the third of five brothers. His younger brothers were musicians Cecil (1947-2013) and Harry (1945-1974).

Womack's styles of music included: R&B, soul, rock and roll, doo-wop, gospel, and country. He worte and recorded The Rolling Stones' first UK No. 1 hit, "It's All Over Now". As a singer, he is most notable for the hits "Lookin' For a Love", "That's The Way I Feel About Cha", "Woman's Gotta Have It", "Harry Hippie", "Across 110th Street" and "You Think You're Lonely Now". He was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2009.

In 1965, Womack married Sam Cooke's widow Barbara Campbell. The couple had a son who committed suicide in 1988. The couple divorced in 1976 after she shot at Womack after finding out he had an affair with her daughter. Womack had a son and daughter by his third wife. He had two sons by another woman. His brother Cecil married Linda Womack, the daughter of Sam Cooke and Barbara Campbell.

In his memoir "I'm a Midnight Mover", he opened up about his drug use and became a cocaine addict in the 1970s. After going to rehab in the late 1980s, he stopped using the drug.

Womack died on June 27, 2014 at the age of 70 in Tarzana, California. The cause of death is not known. He had diabetes, prostate cancer, heart disease, colon cancer, pneumonia and Alzheimer's disease.



Branch Rickey

Wesley Branch Rickey (December 20, 1881 – December 9, 1965) was an American Major League Baseball (MLB) executive. He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1967.

He was best known for breaking Major League Baseball's color barrier by signing African American player Jackie Robinson, for drafting the first Afro-Hispanic superstar, Roberto Clemente, for creating the framework for the modern minor league farm system, for encouraging the Major Leagues to add new teams through his involvement in the proposed Continental League, and for introducing the batting helmet.


Oblivion (2013 movie)

Oblivion is a 2013 American science-fiction movie directed by Joseph Kosinski. It stars Tom Cruise, Morgan Freeman, Andrea Riseborough, Olga Kurylenko, and Melissa Leo. The movie was released in the U.S. on April 19, 2013.


Red Barber

Walter Lanier "Red" Barber (February 17, 1908 – October 22, 1992) was an American sports commentator.

Barber, nicknamed ""The Ol' Redhead"", by the radio broadcasts of Major League Baseball. He broadcasted for forty years with the Cincinnati Reds (193438), Brooklyn Dodgers (19391953), and New York Yankees (19541966).


Efraín Ríos Montt

José Efraín Ríos Montt (; June 16, 1926 – April 1, 2018) was a Guatemalan politician. He was President of Guatemala from 1982 to 1983. An army general, his time in office was marked by the Guatemalan Civil War. Years later, he served as president of Congress. His daughter is former congresswoman and presidential candidate Zury Ríos.

Ríos Montt died in Guatemala City on April 1, 2018 of a heart attack at the age of 91.


Stockdale, Ohio

Stockdale is an unincorporated community in southern Marion Township, Pike County, Ohio, United States. Its zip code is 45683.

Sana Bukas pa ang Kahapon

Sana Bukas pa ang Kahapon is a Philippine television drama series. It is broadcast by ABS-CBN starring Bea Alonzo.



Chuck Noll

Charles Henry "Chuck" Noll (January 5, 1932 – June 13, 2014) was an American football player and coach in the National Football League (NFL). He played for Cleveland Browns from 1953 to 1959. He was the only head coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1969 to 1991. He has more Super Bowl wins (4) than any other head coach in NFL history, and was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1993.

Noll was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He went to the University of Dayton on a football scolarship.

Noll died on June 13, 2014 in Sewickley, Pennsylvania, aged 82. He had Alzheimer's disease and heart disease.


Kyrie Irving

Kyrie Andrew Irving (; born March 23, 1992) is an Australian born-American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He formerly played for the Cleveland Cavaliers, Brooklyn Nets and the Boston Celtics. He has 2 nephews Navion Flowers and Kenyan Mackroy.

Kyrie Irving also has 2 nephews Navion Flowers and Kenyan Mackroy.

In 2016, Irving made the shot that allowed the Cavaliers to win the NBA Finals 4–3 after a 3–1 comeback to the Golden State Warriors. On Christmas Day, he made the same winning shot and helped Cleveland beat the Warriors again.

Irving was born in Melbourne, Victoria to African American parents. He grew up in West Orange, New Jersey. He went to Duke University before being selected as the 1st overall pick in the 2011 NBA draft by the Cavaliers. He is a dual citizen of Australia and the United States.

H II region

An H II region is a region where huge blue stars are formed from hydrogen. They are named after the ionised atomic hydrogen which they produce: H II.

The stars form inside a large cloud of hydrogen gas. The short-lived blue stars formed in these regions give off huge amounts of ultraviolet light. This ionizes the surrounding gas. 

H II regions can be several hundred light-years across. The first known H II region was the Orion nebula, which was discovered in 1610. These regions have extremely varied shapes. They often appear clumpy and filamentary, sometimes showing bizarre shapes such as the Horsehead nebula. 

H II regions give birth to thousands of stars over several million years. Eventually, this produces a star cluster. In the end, supernova explosions and strong stellar winds from the most massive stars blow away the gases of the H II region. This leaves behind behind a cluster of stars such as the Pleiades.

H II regions can be seen at huge distances in the universe.The study of extragalactic H II regions helps to fix the distance and chemical composition of other galaxies. 

Spiral and irregular galaxies have many H II regions, while elliptical galaxies have almost none. In spiral galaxies, like the Milky Way, H II regions are found in the spiral arms, but in the irregular galaxies they are distributed at random. 

Some galaxies have huge H II regions, with tens of thousands of stars. Examples include the 30 Doradus region in the Large Magellanic Cloud and NGC 604 in the Triangulum galaxy.

OB star

OB stars are hot, massive blue stars. They are stars of types O or B in the HertzsprungRussell diagram. 

Like other giant stars they are short lived, and do not move far from where they were formed. During their lifetime, they emit huge amounts of ultraviolet radiation. This radiation ionizes the surrounding interstellar gas of the nebula, forming an H II region.


Sieve

A sieve is a device that is able to separate particles of different sizes. The most primitive sieve has holes of a given size, so that the particles that are smaller than the size will fall through, while those that are bigger will not. This is used in cooking to separate liquids from solids.

Grey market

A grey market (or parallel market) is a market where goods are sold legally, but outside the commonly-used channels and at lower prices. They are sold without the permission of the manufacturer. Consumers buying grey market goods risk not having warranties honored. They risk getting user guides and software in the wrong language. Packages may not include all accessories needed for a particular market. Sometimes grey market goods are sold without packaging, user guides or needed accessories. There is usually no after-sale support for products. Grey market products are often sold via the Internet without charging customers any sales tax. Products sold by grey marketers generally sell for much less than authorized dealers. This causes a loss of tax revenue to governments.

Def by Temptation

Def by Temptation is a horror movie of 1990. The movie is set in New York City. It is about two friends who move in together. Samuel L. Jackson plays a father.

This movie was released in March 1990.

Consumption (economics)

Consumption is a major concept from economics. Consumers spend all their income. Some of this income is spent on buying the products and services they need - this is called consumption. John Maynard Keynes talked about consumer spending and a consumption function which expresses how households spend their income. Different schools of economics define this consumption function differently, but they agree on the basic mechanism how consumption works. 

Dying Young

Dying Young is a 1991 American romantic drama movie. The movie is based on a novel of the same name. It is about a 28 year old leukemia patient named Victor. Julia Roberts plays Hilary, who is hired as his nurse. Ellen Burstyn plays her eccentric mother. Colleen Dewhurst plays Estelle.

It got negative reviews from the critics. It holds a 23% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Its box office intake was high.

Egyptian language

The Egyptian language was an Afroasiatic language that was spoken in Ancient Egypt. It has been written 5000 years, which makes it one of the oldest written languages known today. The Coptic language is the modern form of the Egyptian language. The Egyptian language changed into it over time. The Copts use it for religious purposes. Only a few people are still fluent in Coptic. While the modern variant is known, the older variants could only be translated when the Rosetta stone was found in 1799. The Rosetta stone contains the same text in three languages, one of which was known at the time.

The oldest records of the Egyptian language date from about 3400 BC. 

Egyptian was spoken until the late 17th century AD in the form of Coptic. The national language of modern-day Egypt is Egyptian Arabic, which replaced Coptic as the language of daily life in the centuries after the Muslim conquest of Egypt.

Scholars group the Egyptian language into six major chronological divisions:


Egyptian writing in the form of labels and signs has been dated to 3200 BC. These early texts are generally called "Archaic Egyptian."

In 1999, "Archaeology Magazine" reported that the earliest Egyptian glyphs date back to 3400 BC which "...challenge the commonly held belief that early logographs, pictographic symbols representing a specific place, object, or quantity, first evolved into more complex phonetic symbols in Mesopotamia."

Old Egyptian was spoken for about 500 years from 2600 BC onwards. Middle Egyptian was spoken from about 2000 BC for a further 700 years when Late Egyptian made its appearance; Middle Egyptian survived until the first few centuries AD as a written language, similar to the use of Latin during the Middle Ages and that of Classical Arabic today. Demotic Egyptian first appears about 650 BC and survived as a spoken language until the fifth century AD. Coptic Egyptian appeared in the fourth century AD and survived as a living language until the sixteenth century AD, when European scholars traveled to Egypt to learn it from native speakers during the Renaissance. It probably survived in the Egyptian countryside as a spoken language for several centuries after that. The Bohairic dialect of Coptic is still used by the Egyptian Christian Churches.

Old, Middle, and Late Egyptian were all written using hieroglyphs and . Demotic was written using a script derived from hieratic; its appearance is vaguely similar to modern Arabic script and is also written from right to left. Coptic is written using the Coptic alphabet, a modified form of the Greek alphabet with a number of symbols borrowed from Demotic for sounds that did not occur in contemporary Greek.

Arabic became the language of Egypt's political administration soon after the Arab conquest in the seventh century AD. Over time, it replaced Coptic as the language spoken by the common people. Today, Coptic survives as the liturgical language of the Coptic Orthodox Church and the Coptic Catholic Church.

The Bible contains some words, terms and names thought by scholars to be Egyptian in origin. An example of this is Zaphnath-Paaneah, the Egyptian name given to Joseph.

Bandy World Championship for men

The Bandy World Championship is a competition between bandy-playing nations. The tournament is administrated by the Federation of International Bandy.

Bandy has been played since the 19th century, but the first world championship for men were only played in 1957, and the first world championship for women were only played in 2004. 

Bandy was held as a demonstration sport at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo. This Olympic bandy tournament had no world championship status.

The first ever Bandy World Championship was organised in 1957. It was played at the Helsinki Olympic Stadium in Finland.

From 19612003, the bandy world championship for men were played once every two years, but since 2003 the bandy world championship for men has been played once every year.

<br>

Patty Mills

Patrick Sammy "Patty" Mills (born 11 August 1988) is an Australian professional basketball player. He plays for the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is the second Indigenous Australian to play basketball in the NBA (after Nathan Jawai). He is also the first person of Torres Strait Islander ancestry to play in the NBA.

Mills was born in Canberra to a Torres Strait Islander father and an Aboriginal Australian mother.

Rolf M. Zinkernagel

Rolf Martin Zinkernagel (born January 6, 1944) is a Swiss immunologist at the University of Zurich. 

He is best known for his discovery of how the immune system recognizes virus-infected cells. For his discovery, Zinkernagel shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Peter C. Doherty in 1996.

Alfred G. Gilman

Alfred Goodman Gilman (July 1, 1941 – December 23, 2015) was an American pharmacologist and biochemist. 

He discovered G-proteins. For his discovery, Gilman won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1994. He shared the prize with Martin Rodbell

Gilman died of pancreatic cancer in Dallas, Texas on December 23, 2015 at the age of 74.

Eric F. Wieschaus

Eric Francis Wieschaus (born June 8, 1947) is an American developmental biologist. 

A lot of Wieschaus' research focuses on embryogenesis in the fruit fly "Drosophila melanogaster" and it specifically focuses on the patterning which occurs in the early Drosophila embryo. In 1995, Wieschaus shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Edward B. Lewis "for their discoveries concerning the genetic control of early embryonic development".

Phạm Huỳnh Tam Lang

Phạm Huỳnh Tam Lang (14 February 1942 – 2 June 2014) was a Vietnamese football player and coach. He played for the teams Cho Lon Stars, Sai Gon Port and the South Vietnam national team in a twenty year career. He would later manage Sai Gon Port. 

Lang was born in Gò Công, French Indochina during World War II. 

Lang died from a stroke on 2 June 2014 in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, aged 75.

Ted Goulait

Theodore Lee "Ted" Goulait (August 12, 1889 – July 15, 1936) was an American baseball pitcher. He played one Major League Baseball match for the New York Giants in September 1912. He also played for many other teams in minor league competitions such as the Marion Diggers, the Springfield Reapers, the Toronto Maple Leafs, the Wilkes-Barre Barons and the Memphis Chicks. He was born in St. Clair, Michigan.

Goulait died on July 15, 1936 in his hometown of St. Clair. He was 46.


Stanley B. Prusiner

Stanley Benjamin Prusiner (born May 28, 1942) is an American neurologist and biochemist. Prusiner currently works at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) as a the director of the Institute for Neurodegenerative Diseases.

Prusiner won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1997 "for his discovery of Prions - a new biological principle of infection". He also won the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research in 1994.

Nuon Chea

Nuon Chea (; 7 July 1926 – 4 August 2019) also known as Long Bunruot (), was a Cambodian former communist politician. 

Nuon Chea was the oldest living former Prime Minister (serving for a month) and the oldest of the last surviving Khmer Rouge leaders. He was the chief ideologist of the Khmer Rouge Regime and second in command of bloody Khmer Rouge regime he presided over. 

He received a life sentence for his crimes against humanity, alongside another top-tier Khmer Rouge leader, Khieu Samphan. Further trial convicted him of the crimes of genocide in November 2018. 

He died while appealing his sentences. His lawyers' demands for the removal of his guilty convictions upon his death failed. 

Nuon Chea died on 4 August 2019 at the Khmer-Soviet Friendship Hospital in Phnom Penh, aged 93. He had been hospitalized since July 2 for the lack of blood-flow to his toe which turned black and caused septic shock which led to death. 

Chea's circulation was not delivering blood properly to his toe. Lack of proper circulation brought infection of his toe which eventually killed him most likely by causing sepsis of blood and eventual multiple organs failure. His body was later brought to Sala Krau, Pailin, before cremation in accordance with Buddhist tradition, a religion he persecuted.

Clarion, Illinois

Clarion is an unincorporated community in Bureau County, Illinois. It is southwest from Mendota, Illinois. 

Géry Leuliet

Géry-Jacques-Charles Leuliet (12 January 1910 – 1 January 2015) was a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church and the oldest bishop of the Catholic Church at 104 years of age.

Leuliet was born in Richebourg-l'Avoué. He was ordained to the priesthood on 8 July 1933, in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Arras. He was appointed Bishop of Amiens on 14 February 1963 and received his episcopal consecration on 9 May 1963.

Leuliet retired on 15 January 1985 and turned 100 on 12 January 2010 as the bishop's dean in France. Upon the death of Nguyen Van Thien on 13 May 2012, he became the oldest bishop in the world.


Peter Leo Gerety

Peter Leo Gerety (July 19, 1912 – September 20, 2016) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Newark from 1974 to 1986, having previously served as Bishop of Portland (1969–74). At age 104, he was the oldest living Catholic bishop in the United States and the oldest living Catholic archbishop in the world until his death in 2016. 

He died in Totowa, New Jersey, on September 20, 2016, and was the world's oldest living Catholic bishop at the time.

Bernard Ferdinand Popp

Bernard Ferdinand Popp (December 6, 1917 – June 27, 2014) was an American Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. 

Popp was born in Nada, Texas in 1917. He was ordained a priest on February 24, 1943 in San Antonio, Texas. Popp was appointed Auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of San Antonio Texas along with Titular Bishop of Capsus on June 3, 1983 and consecrated July 25, 1983. 

Bishop Popp retired as Auxiliary bishop of San Antonio March 23, 1993. He died on June 27, 2014, aged 96.

Bernard Joseph McLaughlin

Bernard Joseph McLaughlin (November 19, 1912 – January 5, 2015) was an American Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church to Buffalo, New York. He was the second oldest American Bishop behind Peter Leo Gerety of Trenton, New Jersey.

McLaughlin died at the age of 102 in Buffalo, New York.

Ferid Murad

Ferid Murad (September 14, 1936 – September 4, 2023) was an Albanian- American physician and pharmacologist. He was born to Albanian parents.

Murad was best known for his discoveries which concern the cyclic GMP as a signaling molecule in the cardiovascular system. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1997 for his discoveries. He shared the prize with Robert F. Furchgott and Louis Ignarro. Murad is an honorary member of the Academy of Sciences and Arts of Kosovo.

In May 2012, the Municipality of Čair proclaimed Murad as an honorary citizen. During the ceremony, Murad dedicated all of his achievements to his nation, Albania.

Murad died in Menlo Park, California, on September 4, 2023, ten days before his 87th birthday.


Ansel Elgort

Ansel Elgort (born March 14, 1994) is an American actor, singer and DJ. As an actor, he is best known for playing Tommy Ross in "Carrie" (2013), Caleb Prior in "Divergent" (2014), Augustus Waters in "The Fault in Our Stars" (2014) and Baby / Miles in "Baby Driver" (2017). As a musician, he is known by his stage name Ansølo.

Elgort was born in New York City, New York. His father is Arthur Elgort, a photographer who has worked for "Vogue". His mother is Grethe Barrett Holby, an opera director. He has Russian Jewish, English, German and Norwegian ancestry. He has been dating his girlfriend, Violetta Komyshan, since high school.


Brendan Gleeson

Brendan Gleeson (born 29 March 1955) is an Irish actor. His best known movies include "Braveheart", "Gangs of New York", "In Bruges", "28 Days Later", "Troy", the "Harry Potter" movies, "The Guard", the role of Michael Collins in "The Treaty" and as Knuckles in "Paddington 2". For his role in the 2022 movie "The Banshees of Inisherin", he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.

Macon, Missouri

Macon is a city in Macon County, Missouri, United States. The population was 5,457 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Macon County.

Louis Ignarro

Louis J. Ignarro (born May 31, 1941) is an American pharmacologist.

Ignarro is best known for his discoveries which concern the nitric oxide as a signaling molecule in the cardiovascular system. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1998 for his discoveries. He shared the prize with Robert F. Furchgott and Ferid Murad. Due to nitric oxide indirectly being involved in the action of Viagra, he is sometimes referred to as the "Father of Viagra".

Ignarro is an avid cyclist and marathoner, he has completed 13 marathons. He is married and lives in Beverly Hills, California.


Seoul Metropolitan Subway

Seoul Metropolitan Subway, often called the Seoul Subway, is a rail transit system of underground trains and commuter trains that connects Seoul to nearby suburbs.

The system has 22 lines that are named after numbers (Line 1, Line 2, all the way to Line 9). It also has Gyeongui Line, Bundang Line, Shinbundang Line, A'REX, Jungang Line, Gyeongchun Line, Suin Line, Incheon Line 1, Everline, and U Line.

Since 2010, all stations have smartphone-like 46-inch touchscreen kiosks so passengers can look at maps, make free phone calls, and find tourist information. All lines use special RFID cards, such as T-money, or NFC technology where passengers can pay fees.


Meshach Taylor

Meshach Taylor (April 11, 1947 – June 28, 2014) was an American actor. He is best known for his Emmy Award-nominated role as Anthony Bouvier on the CBS hit sitcom "Designing Women" (1986–1993). He also played Hollywood Montrose, a flamboyant window dresser, in the romantic comedy movie "Mannequin" (1987).

Taylor was born in Boston, Massachusetts to African American parents. He was raised in New Orleans, Louisiana. He graduated from Florida A&M University in 1993. Until his death, he had been married to actress, Bianca Ferguson since 1983. They had four children (three daughters and a son).

Taylor died from colorectal cancer on June 28, 2014 in Altadena, California, aged 67. The cancer was terminal.


Amanda Bay

Amanda Bay, also sometimes known as Hovde Cove, is a bay on Princess Elizabeth Land in East Antarctica. It opens to the north into Prydz Bay on the Ingrid Christensen Coast. It was named in 1957 for the daughter of RAAF Squadron Leader Peter Clemence.

The bay is a breeding colony for Emperor Penguins.

Princess Elizabeth Land

Princess Elizabeth Land is part of Antartica. It is located between longitude 73° east and Cape Penck 87°43' east. It includes the land from latitude 64°56'S and the South Pole. It is divided into two sectors:
It is bounded on the west by Mac. Robertson Land and on the east by Kaisar Wilhelm II Land.

The land was discovered in 1931. It was named after Princess Elizabeth of the United Kingdom, who later became Queen Elizabeth II.

It is part of the Australian Antarctic Territory.

Cape Penck

Cape Penck is an ice-covered point on the coast of Antarctica. Cape Penck is just east of Philippi Glacier. It separates the Leopold and Astrid Coast from the Kaiser Wilhelm II Coast. It was named for Albrecht Penck, who was a German geographer.

East Antarctica

East Antarctica, also called Greater Antarctica, is the largest part (two-thirds) of the Antarctic continent. It is on the Indian Ocean side of the Transantarctic Mountains. It is the coldest, windiest, and driest part of Earth. East Antarctica holds the record as the coldest place on earth.

East Antarctica includes the following areas: Coats Land, Queen Maud Land, Enderby Land, Kemp Land, Mac. Robertson Land, Princess Elizabeth Land, Kaiser Wilhelm II Land, Queen Mary Land, Wilkes Land, Adélie Land, George V Land, Oates Land and Victoria Land. All but a small portion of this region lies within the Eastern Hemisphere.

The Big Bang Theory (season 1)

The Big Bang Theory first season began on September 24, 2007. It ended on May 19, 2008. It has 17 episodes.

Dr. Leonard Hofstadter (from New Jersey) and Dr. Sheldon Cooper (from Texas) are physicists. In the first episode, Penny moves to the apartment across the hall from them. Penny is a waitress from Nebraska. Leonard wants to start a relationship with her but she wants to be friends.

Howard Wolowitz is an engineer. He enjoys sex but does not want a relationship. Dr. Raj Koothrappali is an astrophysicist from India. He has selective mutism — he cannot talk to women.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

Status epilepticus

Status epilepticus (often simply called status) is a medical emergency where the brain will not stop having seizures. In medicine, a person who is having status epilepticus is described as being ""in status.""

Definitions of status epilepticus have changed over time. It used to be that a seizure had to last 20 or 30 minutes to be thought of as status epilepticus. (Most normal seizures last only one to two minutes.)

Today, a person is usually described as being "in status" when:

Status epilepticus is very dangerous. About 10 - 20 % of the people who go into this status die from it.

Status Epilepticus is considered a medical emergency for many reasons:
If people in status get the right treatment quickly, they can survive with little or no brain damage.

Only about one in four people who go into status epilepticus have epilepsy. The other three out of four people who go into status have never had a seizure before. Status epilepticus can happen for many other reasons.

Many different illnesses can cause status epilepticus:

Very bad injuries can also cause status:

Illegal drugs, alcohol, and some medications can cause status:


People in status epilepticus are unable to end their seizures on their own. They are often unconscious and unable to react.

The most common way to end status is to inject special medicines that can stop seizures. If these medicines do not help, the patient must be treated in the intensive care unit at a hospital. Sometimes patients have to be put into a coma to stop very bad status epilepticus.

Active galactic nucleus

An active galactic nucleus (AGN) is a compact region at the centre of a galaxy. This central region radiates huge luminosity over the electromagnetic spectrum. The radiation from an AGN is thought to be caused by mass dragged in by the gravitational pull of a supermassive black hole at the centre of the host galaxy.

This electromagnetic radiation is observed in the radio, microwaves, infrared, optical, ultra-violet, X-ray and gamma ray wavebands. 

A galaxy hosting an AGN is called an active galaxy. AGN are the most luminous and persistent sources of electromagnetic radiation in the universe. They can be used to discover distant objects. All theories about the cosmos have to account for AGNs. They are one of the basic facts about the universe.

So-called relativistic jets are extremely powerful jets of plasma which come from some AGNs, notably radio galaxies and quasars. Their lengths can reach several thousand or even hundreds of thousands of light years.

Mirande

Mirande () is a commune in the Gers department, of which it is a subprefecture, in the Occitanie region, southwestern France. It is the administrative center of the "arrondissement" of Mirande and of the canton of Mirande-Astarac.

Mirande was founded in 1281 near the village of "Saint-Jean de Lezian" by the abbot Berdoues and by Bernhard IV, Count of Astarac. The town was built as a bastide (a fortified town). Miranda became, in 1297, the capital of the "County of Astarac".

Mirande was surrounded by a wall with four city gates; the wall was destroyed during the 19th century.

Since 17 February 1800, Mirande is the capital of the "arrondissement" of Mirande.

Mirande is a "commune" found along the Baïse river in the "Astarac", a natural region that is part of "Gascony".

The "commune" has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Mirande is at from Auch, from Toulouse, from Tarbes and from Lourdes.

Mirande is surrounded by the following "communes", all of them part of the arrondissement of Mirande: Estipouy and Mouchès to the north, Miramont-d'Astarac to the northeast, Idrac-Respaillès to the east, Saint-Médard to the southeast, Berdoues to the south, Saint-Martin and Monclar-sur-Losse to the west and Montesquiou to the northwest.

The climate of Mirande, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Mirande are known, in French, as "Mirandais" (women: "Mirandaises").

With a population of 3,527 (2014), Mirande has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Mirande

Mirande is twinned with:



Daniel Bovet

Daniel Bovet (23 March 1907 – 8 April 1992) is an Swiss-born Italian pharmacologist.

Bovet won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1957 "for his discoveries relating to synthetic compounds that inhibit the action of certain body substances, and especially their action on the vascular system and the skeletal muscles".

In 1965, he was the leader of a study team which came to the conclusion that smoking of tobacco cigarettes increased users' intelligence. He later told The New York Times that the objective was not to "create geniuses, but only [to] put the less-endowed individual in a position to reach a satisfactory mental and intellectual development".

Baïse

The Baïse or Grande Baïse () is a French river that flows through the Hautes-Pyrénées, Gers and Lot-et-Garonne departments, in the Occitanie and Nouvelle-Aquitaine regions.

The river's source is in the Pyrenees and is a left tributary of the Garonne river. In general, it flows from south to north.

The Baïse river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge is at Nérac, a small town of the Lot-et-Garonne department that is at about of the confluence with the Garonne river. The largest discharges are during winter and spring, with in February.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Nérac
The source of the Baïse is on the Plateau de Lannemezan, in the Capvern "commune" (Hautes-Pyrénées), at an altitude of about .

The Baïse flows through 2 regions, 3 departments and 52 "communes". Some of the "communes" are:

Finally, it flows into the Garonne river at Saint-Léger (Lot-et-Garonne), at of altitude.




Niels Kaj Jerne

Niels Kaj Jerne (December 23, 1911 – October 7, 1994) was a Danish immunologist.

Jerne won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Georges J. F. Köhler and César Milstein in 1957. They won it "[f]or theories concerning the specificity in development and control of the immune system and the discovery of the principle for production of monoclonal antibodies".

According to Jerne's biographer Thomas Söderqvist, Jerne did not play the role of a bench scientist, he could not pipette accurately, and he did not enjoy experimental work. Jerne's Nobel Prize was awarded for theories, rather than discoveries. He developed the "natural selection theory of immunology," which was proposed by Paul Ehrlich 50 years earlier, although he was missing the clonal selection element proposed by David Talmage and later by Frank Macfarlane Burnet. James Watson had told Jerne that his theory "stinks."

He was married three times and had two sons, Ivar Jerne (born 1936) and Donald Jerne (born 1941), with Tjek Jerne. He had a third son, Andreas Wettstein, with Gertrud Wettstein, in 1971. According to Söderqvist, his wife Tjek was distraught when she had found out that Niels was having an affair with her best friend, Adda Sundsig-Hansen. Tjek had told Adda about her own affairs, and Adda then told Neils about them too. After hearing this, Niels demanded a divorce. Tjek begged him to stay but he refused. She would then kill herself. Her son Ivar had woken up in the morning, smelled gas, and found his mother dead by the oven. His second wife was treated as a servant and nanny by Jerne. He was regularly unfaithful to his wives, and even though he was not physically handsome, he had attracted women by his charm as a conversationalist and his skills in the arts of love, which included a liking for sadism.

George Davis Snell

George Davis Snell (December 19, 1903 – June 6, 1996) was an American mouse geneticist and basic transplant immunologist.

Snell won the Wolf Prize in Medicine in 1978. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1980 with Baruj Benacerraf and Jean Dausset. They won it "for their discoveries concerning genetically determined structures on the cell surface that regulate immunological reactions". Snell specifically "discovered the genetic factors that determine the possibilities of transplanting tissue from one individual to another. It was Snell who introduced the concept of H antigens."

Snell was born on December 19, 1903 in Bradford, Massachusetts. He was the youngest of three children. In 1926, Snell received a Bachelor's degree from Dartmouth College. After recommendation by John Gerould, his genetics professor at Dartmouth, Snell completed graduate work at Harvard University where he worked with William E. Castle. In 1930, Snell earned his PhD from Harvard. After he earned his PhD, he worked at Brown University from 1930 to 1931. After he left, he spent two years at the University of Texas as a postdoctoral fellow. He worked with H. J. Muller, a pioneer of radiation genetics (and later, a Nobel Prize winner). Snell worked at WUSTL as a teacher from 1933 to 1934. After he had some short stints as a teacher, Snell joined the Jackson Laboratory staff in Bar Harbor, Maine and spent the rest of his life there. He died on June 6, 1996 in Bar Harbor, Maine.

Allan McLeod Cormack

Allan MacLeod Cormack (February 23, 1924 – May 7, 1998) was a South African American Physicist. He is best known for his work on X-ray computed tomography (CT). He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1979 for his work. He shared the prize with Godfrey Hounsfield.

Cormack was born on February 23, 1924 in Johannesburg, South Africa. During his early years, he attended the Rondebosch Boys' High School in Cape Town, and was a member of the debating and tennis teams. In 1944, Cormack received his BSc in physics from the University of Cape Town and in 1945, he received his MSc in crystallography in 1945 from the university. From 1947 to 1949, he attended University of Cambridge as a research student. While there, he met Barbara Seavey, an American physics student. Comack and Seavey would later get married.

After they got married, Cormack returned to lecture at the University of Cape Town in early 1950. After he took a break at Harvard from 1956 to 1957, Cormack and Seavey moved to the United States. He would then take a job as a professor at Tufts University in 1957. In 1966, he became a naturalized citizen of the United States. Even though he was mostly working on particle physics, he had a side interest in x-ray technology which led him to develop the theoretical underpinnings of CT scanning. The work that he did on this started at the University of Cape Town and Groote Schuur Hospital in early 1956. It continued shortly in mid-1957 after he returned from his break. His results were afterwards published in two papers in the Journal of Applied Physics in 1963 and 1964. The papers that had been published drew hardly any interest until the first CT scanner was built by Hounsfield and colleagues in 1971 which took Cormack's theoretical calculations into a real application. He was then the recipient of the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine which he shared with Godfrey Hounsfield. In 1990, he was awarded the National Medal of Science.

Cormack and his wife had three children; Margaret, Jean and Robert. Cormack died on May 7, 1998 in Winchester, Massachusetts from cancer. On December 10, 2002, Cormack was posthumously awarded the Order of Mapungubwe for his outstanding achievements as a scientist and for co-inventing the CT scanner.

Tropical Storm Amelia (1978)

Tropical Storm Amelia was a very weak tropical cyclone. The storm caused major flooding across Texas. It formed on July 30, 1978. The storm made its landfall near Corpus Christi as a weak tropical storm. Flooding from Amelia caused $110 million in damage. Almost three dozen people died as a result of Amelia.

Peter Harvey

Peter Michael St Clair Harvey (16 September 1944 – 2 March 2013) was an Australian journalist and broadcaster. He worked for the Nine Network for 38 years.

Harvey began his career in journalism for the newspaper "The Daily Telegraph". He won a Walkley Award in 1964.

Harvey soon moved to radio journalism. He worked at radio stations 2UE and 2GB. He later moved to London, England and worked for BBC Radio. He then went on to "The Guardian" as where he won many awards. During the 1960s and/or early 1970s, he worked for "Newsweek" magazine in the United States. Here he worked as a reporter in Vietnam during the Vietnam War.

In 1973, he returned to Australia to work for the Nine Network on television. During his early years at the network, he was a news director and reporter in Canberra for "Nine News". He also worked for "60 Minutes".

In 2001, he won a Centenary Medal. In April 2014, he was added to the Logie Hall of Fame.

Harvey was born in Bellevue Hill near Bondi in Sydney, New South Wales. He was married to Anne and had two children: a daughter (Claire) and a son (Adam). Both of his children went into journalism careers.

In August 2012, Harvey was holidaying in Venice, Italy with his wife, when he found out that he had pancreatic cancer. It was made public on 11 October 2012.

Harvey died on 2 March 2013 at the North Shore Private Hospital in St Leonards, Sydney. He was 68.

Deep web

The Deep Web is the part of the World Wide Web you can not search on common search websites such as Google. The part you can search is called the Surface Web. The first person who used the term "Deep Web" was Mike Bergman, a computer scientist, in the year 2000. 

Some people think that "darknet" and "Dark Web" are the same thing as Deep Web, but they are not. Let's explain what they mean:



In common networks, the Internet Protocols (IPs) of all users are in most cases visible. The Internet Protocol is an important information that reveals, among other things, the location where the user is accessing the Internet from. In darknets, the IPs are hidden, invisible or very difficult to find. This makes many people access darknets because they do not want the others to know this information about them, such as where they are. In other words, they access darknets to have privacy. 

There are many reasons people want privacy in the Internet. One of them is to do things forbidden by governments, such as piracy (which means sharing files protected by copyright laws).

Bee-eater

The bee-eaters are a group of land birds in the family Meropidae.

They live in the Old World and Australasia: Africa, Asia, Europe, Australia, and New Guinea. They have richly coloured plumage and slender bodies. They have long downturned bills and pointed wings, which give them a swallow-like appearance. There are 26 different species of bee-eaters.

As the name suggests, bee-eaters eat flying insects, especially bees and wasps. They catch them in the air by darting from a perch. The birds only catch prey which is flying: they ignore flying insects once they land.

Mostly, they eat honeybees. Hymenoptera (ants, bees and wasps) make up from 20% to 96% of all insects eaten. Before eating its meal, a bee-eater removes the sting by repeatedly hitting and rubbing the insect on a hard surface. The bird squeezes out most of the venom.

Bee-eaters live together. They form colonies by nesting in burrows tunnelled into the side of sandy banks, such as those that have collapsed on the edges of rivers. Many of these holes occur together.

Most of the species in the family are monogamous, and both parents care for the young, sometimes with the assistance of other birds in the colony, a behaviour rather unusual for birds.


Summer of '69

"Summer of '69" is the fifth single off Canadian rock musician Bryan Adams' fourth studio album "Reckless". The song was released in June 1985. 

When Adams appeared on The Early Show in 2008, he revealed that the song was about sex and making love in the summertime. He also said that "69" was a reference to the sexual position, 69. It is one of Adams' most well known songs and is one of his most successful. It won the BMI (Broadcast Music Inc.) Citation of Achievement for US radio airplay in 1985. In 1986, it won the Procan Award (Performing Rights Organization of Canada) for Canadian radio airplay and in 2000 it won a Socan Classics Award for more than 100,000 Canadian radio performances.


Dermot Healy

Dermot Healy (18 July 1947 – 29 June 2014) was an Irish novelist, playwright, poet, short story writer and actor. His best known fictional novels were "A Goat's Song" (1994), "Sudden Times" (1999) and "Long Time, No See" (2011). His best known work of poetry was "A Fool's Errand" (2010). He was a member of Aosdána. He was also an actor and appeared in the movies "I Could Read the Sky" (1999), "Mapmaker" (2001) and "The Guard" (2011). He was a member of Aosdána.

Healy was called a "master", a "Celtic Hemingway" and as "Ireland's finest living novelist". Writers to have spoken highly of him are Seamus Heaney, Eugene McCabe, Roddy Doyle, Patrick McCabe and Anne Enright.

Healy was born in Finnea, County Westmeath. In his late teens he moved to London, England, before returning to Ireland.

Healy died on 29 June 2014 in Sligo, County Sligo, aged 66. His wife and two children outlived him.


Damian D'Oliveira

Damian Basil "Dolly" D'Oliveira (19 October 1960 – 29 June 2014) was a South African-born English cricketer. He played first-class cricket for Worcestershire from 1982 to 1995. He was later the academy director of Worcestershire County Cricket Club until his death.

D'Oliveira was born in Cape Town. His father, Basil (1931–2011), played for Worcestershire and England. His uncle, Ivan (born 1941), played for Leicestershire. His son, Brett (born 1992), plays for Worcestershire.

D'Oliveira died from cancer on 29 June 2014, aged 53. He had cancer for two-and-a-half-years. His wife and three children outlived him.


Verulamium

Verulamium was an ancient town in Roman Britain. It was in the southwest of the modern city of St Albans in Hertfordshire. 

Much of the Roman city is unexcavated, with the modern city built over it. The ancient Watling Street passed through Verulamium, which was one of the most important towns in Roman Britain. Much of the site and its environs is now a scheduled ancient monument.

Before the Romans, it was a settlement of the Catuvellauni tribe, which called it Verlamion. It was among the first places in Britain recorded by name. 

Verulamium was burnt to the ground and its people slaughtered by Boudica of the Iceni in AD 61. A black ash layer has been found, confirming the Roman written record. The town was rebuilt, and grew to about by the early 3rd century. It was defended by a deep ditch and wall. 

It is the location of the martyrdom of the first British martyr saint, St Alban, who was a Roman patrician converted to Christianity.

Verulamium had a Roman Forum, a basilica and a Roman theatre. Much was damaged by fires in AD 155 and AD 250. The town was rebuilt in stone rather than timber at least twice over the next 150 years. Occupation by the Romans ended between 400 and 450.

There are a few remains of the Roman city visible, such as parts of the city walls, a hypocaust (heating system) still in place under a mosaic floor. Remains of the theatre are on land belonging to the Earl of Verulam. More remains are under the nearby agricultural land, and have never been excavated.

Christian Führer

Christian Führer (5 March 1943 – 30 June 2014) was a German Protestant pastor. He was one of the main figures and organisers of the 1989 Monday demonstrations in East Germany. This led to the German reunification and the end of East Germany in 1990.

Führer was born in Leipzig, Saxony. He grew up in Penig. He studied theology at the University of Leipzig from 1961 until 1966. He retired from his job as a pastor in 2008.

Führer died from respiratory failure caused by lung disease on 30 June 2014 in Leipzig, aged 71.

Adze

An adze is an ancient type of "edge tool". It dates back to the stone age. 

Adzes are used for smoothing or carving wood in hand woodworking. They are similar to an axe, but with the head mounted perpendicular (at right angles) to the handle. The cutting edge was made from chipped flint in the Mesolithic, polished stone in the Neolithic, and metal later on.

A very similar (but blunt) tool used for digging in hard ground is called a mattock.

733

733 (DCCXXXIII) was a common year starting on Thursday in the Gregorian calendar.



Konrad Emil Bloch

Konrad Emil Bloch (21 January 1912 – 15 October 2000) was a German American biochemist.

Bloch won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1964 with Feodor Lynen "for their discoveries concerning the mechanism and regulation of the cholesterol and fatty acid metabolism".

He was born on 21 January 1912 in Nysa, Prussian Silesia, German Empire (today Poland). He studied at the Technical University in Munich from 1930 to 1934. He fled to the "Schweizerische Forschungsinstitut" in Davos, Switzerland in 1934 because of the Nazi persecutions of Jews. He then moved to the United States in 1936. While in the United States, he joined the department of biological chemistry at Yale Medical School.

He earned his Ph.D in biochemistry from Columbia University in 1938. He taught at Columbia University from 1939 to 1946. After that, he went to the University of Chicago and then Harvard University in 1954. He worked there until 1982. He then retired to Florida State University.

In 1964, Bloch won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine which he shared with Feodor Lynen. They won the prize "for their discoveries concerning the mechanism and regulation of the cholesterol and fatty acid metabolism". The work that they did showed that the body first makes squalene from acetate over many steps and then converts the squalene to cholesterol.

Bloch traced the carbon atoms in cholesterol back to acetate. Some of the research that he did was conducted using radioactive acetate in bread mold and this was possible because fungi also produce squalene. The results were confirmed after he tested it on rats.

He was one of the researchers who showed that all steroids were made from cholesterol. His Nobel Lecture was "The Biological Synthesis of Cholesterol".

In 1985, Bloch was named as a Fellow of the Royal Society. He was awarded the National Medal of Science in 1988.

Frank Cashen

John Francis Cashen (September 13, 1925 – June 30, 2014) was an American Major League Baseball general manager and writer. He is often said to have turned the New York Mets into champions with choosing their squad. He was also an executive while the Baltimore Orioles won the 1966 World Series and 1970 World Series.

Chashen was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He gradated from Loyola University Maryland. He had seven children with wife, Jean: Gregory, Terry, Tim, Brian, Sean, Stacey and Blaise.

Cashen died on June 30, 2014 in Easton, Maryland, aged 88.

Álvaro Corcuera

Álvaro Corcuera Martínez del Río (22 July 1957 – 30 June 2014) was a Mexican Roman Catholic priest. He was the former General Director of the Catholic Order of the Legionaries of Christ, replacing Marcial Maciel after a sexual abuse scandal. He had served from January 2005 until early 2012.

Corcuera was born in Mexico City. In April 1975, he became one of the first members of the Regnum Christi Consecrated Men.

Corcuera died from a brain tumor on 30 June 2014 in Mexcio City. He was 56.


Brian Roe

Brian Roe (27 January 1939 – 28 June 2014) was an English cricketer. He played first-class cricket for Somerset from 1957 until 1966. He was a right-handed opening batsman. He made four first-class centuries. He later moved to Minor Counties cricket. Here he played for Devon.

Roe was born in Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire. He retired from playing cricket during his early seventies.

Roe died on 28 June 2014 in Barnstaple, Devon, aged 75.


Rex Whitehead

Rex Vernon Whitehead (26 October 1948 – 26 June 2014) was an Australian Test cricket match umpire and cricketer. He umpired four Test matches between 1981 and 1982. His first match was between Australia and India in Sydney on 2 January to 4 January 1981. Altogether, he umpired 15 first-class matches in his career between 1979 and 1983.

Whitehead was born in Victoria. He retired from umpiring in the 1980s.

Whitehead died from a massive stroke on 26 June 2014, aged 65.


Wolf Koenig

Wolf Koenig (October 17, 1927 – June 26, 2014) was a German-born Canadian movie director, producer, animator and cinematographer. He was a founder of Direct Cinema at the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). For NFB, he worked on movies such as "Neighbours" (1952) and "Lonely Boy" (1962). His animations included "What on Earth!" (1966) and "The House That Jack Built" (1967).

Koenig was born in Dresden, Saxony. He and his family fled Nazi Germany for Canada in 1937.

Koenig died on June 26, 2014 in Toronto, Ontario, aged 86.


Paul Lauterbur

Paul Christian Lauterbur (May 6, 1929 – March 27, 2007) was an American chemist. Lauterbur won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2003 with Peter Mansfield "for their discoveries concerning magnetic resonance imaging". 

He served as a professor at the State University of New York at Stony Brook from 1963 until 1985. While there, Lauterbur conducted research on the development of the MRI. Along with his wife Joan, Lauterbur became a professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in 1985. Lauterbur served as the professor for 22 years until he died on March 27, 2007 in Urbana, Illinois.


Nigel Calder

Nigel Calder (born Nigel David McKail Ritchie-Calder; 2 December 1931 – 25 June 2014) was a British science writer and television screenwriter.

He wrote for the magazine "New Scientist" from 1956 until 1966. He was also an editor for the magazine from 1962 until 1966. He soon moved to television screenwriting. He won the Kalinga Prize in 1972.

Calder was born in London, and grew up during World War II. His father was Lord Ritchie-Calder. Nigel Calder was a brother of the historian Angus Calder (1942–2008), mathematician Allan Calder and educationist Isla Calder (1946–2000). He was the father of travel writer Simon Calder and four other children. He was married to Elisabeth Palmer from 1954 until his death.

Calder believed the threat from global warning had been muchly magnified. He helped in making the movie "The Great Global Warming Swindle". He also co-authored "The Chilling Stars". About global warming, Calder said: "Governments are trying to achieve unanimity by stifling any scientist who disagrees. Einstein could not have got funding under the present system".

Calder died on 25 June 2014 in Crawley, West Sussex, aged 82.


Arvid Jacobsen

Arvid Jacobsen (11 October 1938 – 25 June 2014) was a Norwegian newspaper editor. 

Jacobsen was born in Oslo. He started off his career with the Labour newspaper "Dagsavisen" (then "Arbeiderbladet"). He was a journalist for "Arbeiderbladet" from 1967 to 1977 and editor-in-chief in presses from 1977 to 1990. He was the main editor-in-chief of "Arbeiderbladet" from 1991 to 1994. Later, he was the information director for the Norwegian Bar Association from 1994 to 2003.

Jacobsen died after a short illness on 25 June 2014 at Ullevål Hospital, Oslo. He was 75.

Baruj Benacerraf

Baruj Benacerraf (October 29, 1920 – August 2, 2011) was a Venezuelan-born American immunologist.

Benacerraf won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1979 for his "discovery of the major histocompatibility complex genes which encode cell surface protein molecules important for the immune system's distinction between self and non-self". He shared the prize with Jean Dausset and George Davis Snell. 

He was born in Caracas, Venezuela. He was born to Sephardic Jewish parents from Morocco and Algiers. Benacerraf's brother is Paul Benacerraf, a well-known philosopher. His father was a textile merchant. In 1925, he moved from Venezuela to Paris. In 1940, after he went back to Venezuela, he emigrated to the U.S.. He earned his B.S. at Columbia University School of General Studies in 1942. Benacerraf later went to the Medical College of Virginia where he earned his Doctor of Medicine degree.

Steve Viksten

Stephen Lee "Steve" Viksten (July 19, 1960 – June 23, 2014) was an American television producer, writer and voice actor. He was best known for voicing the character Oskar Kokoshka (and co-creating, writing and producing) on the Nickelodeon animated series "Hey Arnold!". He also wrote many episodes for the shows "Hey Arnold!", "Rugrats", "Recess" and "Duckman". He co-wrote a "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> season 22 episode called "Homer Scissorhands" with Peter Gaffney in 2011. This was his last credit.

Viksten was born in Ventura, California. He went to the University of Missouri, UCLA, and Cal State Fullerton.

Viksten died from a cranial hemorrhage on June 23, 2014 in Roseville, California. He was 53.


E. Donnall Thomas

Edward Donnall "Don" Thomas (March 15, 1920 – October 20, 2012) was an American physician.

Thomas won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1990 with Joseph E. Murray for his help in the development of cell and organ transplantation. 

He was born on March 15, 1920 in Mart, Texas. His father was a general practice doctor and often shadowed him. In 1941, Thomas earned his B.A. and studied chemistry and chemical engineering at the University of Texas at Austin. He also earned his M. A. from there in 1943. Thomas met his wife, Dorothy (Dottie) Martin while he was an undergraduate. He had three children with her. In 1943, he went to Harvard Medical School. Thomas worked closely with his wife after she became a lab technician during this time to support their family. He did residency at Peter Bent Brigham Hospital before he joined the US Army. "In 1955, he was appointed physician in chief at the Mary Imogene Bassett Hospital, now Bassett Medical Center, in Cooperstown, N.Y., an affiliate of Columbia University."

He studied rodents that received lethal doses of radiation who were then saved by an infusion of marrow cells at Mary Imogene Bassett. At the time, patients who underwent bone marrow transplantation had all died due to either infections or immune reactions that were not seen in the rodent studies. He began to use dogs as a model system. He moved his lab to the United States Public Health Service in Seattle in 1963. In 1990, he received the National Medal of Science. He was one of 22 Nobel Laureates that signed the Humanist Manifesto in 2003.

Jaroslav Walter

Jaroslav Walter (6 January 1939 – 20 June 2014) was a Czech ice hockey player. He played for the Czechoslovak national team from the 1950s until the 1970s. He won a bronze medal at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, Austria.

Walter was born in Sobědraž, Kostelec nad Vltavou, Czechoslovakia (now part of the Czech Republic).

Walter died on 20 June 2014 at the age of 75.


Anatoly Kornukov

Anatoly Mikhaïlovich Kornukov (; 10 January 1942 – 1 July 2014) was a Russian army general from 1959 until 2002. He was a fighter pilot in the Soviet Air Defence Forces. He was commander-in-chief of the Russian Air Force from 1998 to 2002. He got internationally known when it was found out that he ordered Korean Air Lines Flight 007 to be shot down on 1 September 1983.

Kornukov was born in Kadievka, Soviet Union (now Stakhanov, Ukraine).

Kornukov died on 1 July 2014 in Moscow, aged 72.

Bob Jones (police commissioner)

Robert "Bob" Jones ( – 1 July 2014) was a British police officer and politician. He was the West Midlands Police and Crime Commissioner for Labour West Midlands Police and Crime Commissioner from 15 November 2012 until his death. He served as a Labour Councillor for Blakenhall Ward on Wolverhampton City Council from 1 May 1980 until 2013.

Jones was born in Wolverhampton. He studied at the University of Nottingham. He got a CBE in 2010.

Jones died in his sleep on 1 July 2014 in Wolverhampton, aged 59.


Nottoway River

The Nottoway River is a river in southern Virginia and northeastern North Carolina. It is part of the Chowan River system, which flows into Albemarle Sound in North Carolina. The Virginia portion of the river has an abrupt fall line. It has many waterfalls, one after the other. Past Cortland, Virginia it joins the Blackwater river before it flows into North Carolina. The Nottoway has large areas of Cypress groves that supports a logging industry. Archaeologists have been working at a site at Cactus Hill, Virginia (about 45 miles south of Richmond, Virginia) since 1995. The site was occupied by humans as early as 15,000 years ago. It is one of the two earliest known places where humans lived in the eastern United States.

Money in the Bank (2014)

Money in the Bank (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on June 29, 2014 at the TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. It was the fifth Money in the Bank event held by the WWE.


Money in the Bank (2013)

Money in the Bank (2013) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on July 14, 2013 at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the fourth Money in the Bank event held by the WWE.


Breakup

The word "breakup" is an idiom. It is when an intimate relationship ends. The term is not used for relationships that end because of death. Marriages which end are not normally called breakups.

A breakup can happen when one person is unhappy in their relationship. If a person ends a relationship, that person "dumps" their partner.

Some relationships end because both people are unhappy. The breakup is then "mutual".

People in a relationship may be unhappy because of differences in:

After a breakup, people may feel grief or unhappiness. Their personality or "sense of social value" may change.

People may need "time to heal" after a breakup. This time can depend on the length of the relationship.

eNation did a survey on breakups in 2008. Almost one in three Americans were in a breakup within the last ten years. Young people were more likely to have been in more than one breakup.

Money in the Bank (2012)

Money in the Bank (2012) was a professional wrestling pay per view show made by WE. It was held on July 15, 2012 at the US Airways Center in Phoenix, Arizona. It was the third Money in the Bank event held by the WE.


Money in the Bank (2011)

Money in the Bank (2011) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on July 17, 2011 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois. It was the second Money in the Bank event held by the WWE.

The main event between CM Punk and John Cena received a rare 5-star rating from Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter".


Ski-orienteering

Ski orienteering (Ski O) is a winter sport. It combines the events of cross-country skiing and orienteering.

Edsbyns IF

Edsbyns IF is a sports club in Edsbyn in Sweden. The club was established on 6 June 1909 and adopted the game of bandy in 1925. It won the Swedish national men's championship in the years of 1952, 1953, 1962, 1978, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2017, 2018, 2020 and 2022..


Vetlanda BK

Vetlanda BK is a bandy club in Vetlanda in Sweden. Established in 1945, the club won the Swedish national men's bandy championship in the years of 1986, 1991 and 1992.


Slottsbrons IF

Slottsbrons IF is a sports club in Slottsbron in Sweden. Established in 1918, the club won the Swedish national men's bandy championship in the years of 1934, 1936, 1938 and 1941.


Nässjö IF

Nässjö IF is a sports club in Nässjö in Sweden. It was established on 22 November 1899. The club won the Swedish national men's bandy championship in the year of 1949.


Tammy (movie)

Tammy is a comedy movie released in 2014 directed by Ben Falcone. The movie is about the title character having a terrible day. Melissa McCarthy plays the title character. Toni Collette plays Missi. Susan Sarandon plays Pearl. Kathy Bates plays Lenore.

This movie got negative reviews from many critics. It was released in July 2014.

Paul Mazursky

Irwin Lawrence "Paul" Mazursky (April 25, 1930 – June 30, 2014) was an American movie director, screenwriter, and actor. His best known movies were "Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice" (1969), "Harry and Tonto" (1974), "An Unmarried Woman" (1978), "Moscow on the Hudson" (1984), and "Down and Out in Beverly Hills" (1986). He was nominated for five Academy Awards: three times for Best Original Screenplay, once for Best Adapted Screenplay, and once for Best Picture.

Mazursky was born in Brooklyn, New York City. His family were Jewish and his grandfather was a Ukrainian immigrant. He was married to Betsy (Purdy) Mazursky from 1953 until his death. They had two children. He was an atheist.

Mazursky from a pulmonary cardiac arrest on June 30, 2014 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. He was 84.

Hazleton, Pennsylvania

Hazleton is a city in northeastern Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1780. It became a city in December 1891. At the 2020 United States Census, about 29,963 people lived there.

Figeac

Figeac () is a commune in southern France in the region of Occitanie. It is the "sous-prefecture" (capital) of the "arrondissement" of the same name in the Lot department.

In the late ninth century, the King Pepin I of Aquitaine founded a monastery in Figeac; the town developed around the monastery as an important city on the pilgrimage routes. In the 14th century, the walls of Figeac were built.

Figeac is on the via Podiensis, a major medieval pilgrimage trail which is part of the Way of St. James.

Figeac is on the southwestern edge of the central plateau ("Massif Central"), north of the valley of the Lot river, on the right bank of the Célé river, a left tributary of the Lot.

The "commune" has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Figeac is surrounded by the "communes"Camburat, Planioles, Viazac, Lunan, Capdenac, Faycelles, Béduer, Camboulit, Lissac-et-Mouret.

The climate of Figeac, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Figeac are known, in French, as "Figeacois" (women: "Figeacoises").

With a population of 9,820, Figeac has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Figeac

Figeac forms with other 4 "communes" the urban area of Figeac, with a population of 16,468 inhabitants (2013) and an area of ; one of the "communes" is Capdenac-Gare that belongs to the Aveyron department. This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Figeac, formed by 33 "communes" with a population of 25,593 inhabitants and an area of .

Figeac is a subprefecture of the Lot department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Figeac and the administrative centre () of the Figeac-1 and Figeac-2 cantons.

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Grand Figeac" ().


Figeac is twinned with:



Željko Šturanović

Željko Šturanović (; 31 January 1960 – 30 June 2014) was a Montenegrin politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro (DPSCG). He was the Prime Minister of Montenegro from 10 November 2006 to 29 February 2008. He stepped down from the job because of health reasons. 

Šturanović was born in Nikšić, People's Republic of Montenegro, Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia (now Montenegro). He studied at the University of Montenegro Faculty of Law.

Šturanović died from lung cancer on 30 June 2014, aged 54. His wife and two children outlived him.


Frank M. Robinson

Frank Malcolm Robinson (August 9, 1926 – June 30, 2014) was an American science fiction and techno-thriller writer, editor and screenwriter. His best known novel was "The Power". In the 1970s, he was a speechwriter for gay politician Harvey Milk, before he was murdered in 1978.

Robinson was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was openly gay. He had a small role in the movie "Milk" (2008) about Harvey Milk, starring Sean Penn.

Robinson died on June 30, 2014 in San Francisco, California, aged 87.


Pierre Bec

Pierre Bec (; 11 December 1921 – 30 June 2014) was a French poet and linguist of the Occitan language. He was one of the founders of the Institut d'Estudis Occitans ("Institute for Occitan studies", IEO). He was also its president as well from 1962 to 1980. 

Bec's literature works were "Petite anthologie de la lyrique occitane du Moyen Âge" (1954), "Les saluts d'amour du troubadour Arnaud de Mareuil" (1961), "La langue occitane" (1963) and "Raconte d’una mort tranquilla" (1993). Meanwhile, his linguistics works included "Manuel pratique d'occitan moderne" (1973–1983) and "Les Interférences linguistiques entre gascon et languedocien dans les parlers du Comminges et du Couserans" (1968).

Bec was born in Paris. He spent his childhood in Comminges, where he learnt Occitan. He was deported to Germany between 1943 and 1945. After returning, he studied in Paris, where he graduated in 1959.

Bec died on 30 June 2014 in Poitiers, aged 92.

Alejandra Da Passano

María Alejandra Ana Da Passano (26 July 1947 – 30 June 2014), better known as Alejandra Da Passano, was an Argentine actress of movies, stage plays and television shows. Her best known roles were in "Mr. President" (1970), "Malevo" (1972) and "La madre María" (1974). She was born in Buenos Aires.

Da Passano died on 30 June 2014 in Buenos Aires, aged 66.

SK Tirfing

SK Tirfing is a sports club in Harnäs in Sweden. It was Established on 20 January 1923. The club won the Swedish national men's bandy championship in the year of 1930. Between 1931 and 1942 the club played seven seasons in the Swedish top division. The club gave up bandy in 1981. Today only the women's team handball section remains.


Ljusdals BK

Ljusdals BK is a bandy club in Ljusdal in Sweden. Established in 1943, the club won the Swedish national men's bandy championship in the year of 1975.


Sweden women's national bandy team

Sweden women's national bandy team () represents Sweden on the women's side in bandy. Sweden has won the world championship several times, including the first women's edition in 2004.

Sweden men's national bandy team

Sweden men's national bandy team () represents Sweden on the men's side in bandy. Sweden has won the world championship several times, first time was in 1981.

Stephen Gaskin

Stephen Gaskin (February 16, 1935 – July 1, 2014) was an American counterculture hippie icon. He was best known for co-founding "The Farm", a famous spiritual intentional community. He was also known for being in the Haight-Ashbury district of San Francisco, California in the 1960s.

Gaskin was born in Denver, Colorado. He was married to Ina May Gaskin. He had five children. He was in the US Marine Corps from 1952 to 1955.

Gaskin died on July 1, 2014 in Summertown, Tennessee. He was 79.


Umaru Dikko

Umaru Dikko (31 December 1936 – 1 July 2014) was a Nigerian politician. He was also the Nigerian Ministry of Transport from 1979 until 1983. He was also an adviser to President Shehu Shagari.

Dikko was born in Zaria, Kaduna State. On 5 July 1984, he played the main role in the Dikko Affair. He was found drugged in a crate at Stansted Airport in the United Kingdom in an appearent kidnapping by Nigerian-Israeli officials.

Dikko died after having many strokes on 1 July 2014 at a hospital in London, England. He was 79.


Ron Hall (Australian footballer, born 1945)

Ronald Maxwell "Ron" Hall (11 November 1945 – 26 June 2014) was an Australian rules footballer. He played for Scottsdale during the 1960s and 1970s. He represented Tasmania many times. He played for Tasmania at the 1969 Adelaide Carnival. He was added as a member of the Tasmanian Football Hall of Fame in 2008.

Hall was born in Scottsdale, Tasmania. After he retired, he still had behind-the-scenes roles at the club.

Hall died from a heart attack on 26 June 2014 in Tasmania. He was 68.


Anjan Das

Anjan Das (13 June 1951 – 2 June 2014) was an Indian movie director. His movies were in the Bengali language. His best known movie was "Faltu" (2006). He won a National Film Award in the Best Feature Film category.

Das died from colon cancer on 2 June 2014, aged 62. His wife and son outlived him.

Spanking the Monkey

Spanking the Monkey is a 1994 American black comedy movie. It is about incest, masturbation and troublesome relationships.

The movie was a box office success. It won several independent movie awards.

Writer's block

Writer's block is when a writer loses the ability to write new material. Some people may not write anything new for years. Writer's block has been a problem through history, but people started paying more attention to it in the 20th century.

Writer's block may have several causes. An author may run out of ideas of what to write about. Pressure to work may lead to the problem. It may also come from intimidation.

There are several forms of writer's block.

Sally Gray

Constance Vera Browne (or Sally Gray; 14 February 1916 – 24 September 2006) was an English actress during the 1930s and 1940s. She did mostly melodrama movies. She played herself in "Cheer Up" (1936). She also played Carole in "Dangerous Moonlight".

Gray was born in London. She died there.

IOS 5

iOS 5 is the fifth major version of Apple's mobile operating system, iOS. It came after iOS 4, and was replaced by iOS 6, which was released on September 19, 2012. The current version of iOS 5 is iOS 5.1.1.

iOS 5 was announced during Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2011. Support was dropped for the iPhone 3G and the iPod Touch (2nd generation), and devices that are supported are the iPhone 3GS and later, the iPod Touch (3rd generation) and later, and the first generation iPad and later.

When the iPhone 4S was announced on October 4, 2011, the release date for iOS 5 was also announced. iOS 5 was released on October 12, 2011.

The iPhone 4S already had iOS 5 installed on it, but other devices had to have the update installed through iTunes. At first, many people could not install iOS 5 because they got error messages when they tried to download it. This was because Apple's servers could not keep up with the number of people who are downloading the update.

Apple's cloud-based service, iCloud, came as part of the iOS 5 update. This feature allows users to sync their music, pictures, videos, and more across all of their devices that have iCloud on them. Each user is given 5 gigabytes of storage for free, but they are allowed to sync unlimited amounts of music, apps, books, and photos.

A new feature called iMessage, built into the Messages app, allows anyone with an iOS device to send unlimited messages to people with iOS 5. It also allows iPhone users to send text messages to people who don't have an iOS device. The Messages app used to be only on the iPhone, but iOS 5 brought it to the iPod Touch and iPad.

The Reminders app allows users to make lists and alerts that can be based on a date or a location.

The Newsstand app is not a real app, but it is a folder that shows the newspapers and magazines that the user is subscribed to.

iOS 5 allows devices to sync with iTunes wirelessly for the first time, without being connected to a computer. iOS devices can also be activated and updated over a wireless network for the first time.

In iOS 5, you can get to the camera quickly from the lock screen swiping up on the camera icon. Users can get to the camera without having to enter a passcode, but you can only use the camera. At first, you had to double-click the home button on the lock screen to get to the camera button, but it was changed in iOS 5.1 so that you could swipe up on the camera button.

Notification Center was introduced in iOS 5, and it also changed how notifications are displayed. Instead of a message that appears in the middle of the screen, stopping what was going on at the time, they appear in a banner on the top of the screen. You can access Notification Center by swiping down from the top of the screen, where it is hidden, and it shows notifications that happened in the past.

Swag

Swag or SWAG may refer to:


Trailways

Trailways Transportation System, or Trailways, is an American group of bus companies. It is headquartered in Fairfax, Virginia. 

The predecessor to Trailways was founded on February 5, 1936 by Burlington Transportation Company, Santa Fe Trails Transportation Company and other travel companies. Its closest competition is Greyhound Lines.

Trailways members are spread across North America. They provide bus tours, charter bus service and route scheduling services.

Vera-Ellen

Vera-Ellen (February 16, 1921 – August 30, 1981) was an American actress and dancer. She danced with Fred Astaire, Danny Kaye, Gene Kelly and several others. She played Princess Maria in the movie "Call Me Madam". She also played Judy Haynes in the movie "White Christmas".

She was born in Norwood, Ohio, a suburb of Cincinnati. She died from cancer at age sixty.

Moses Gunn

Moses Gunn (October 2, 1929 – December 16, 1993) was an American actor. He co-founded the Negro Ensemble Company in the 1960s. He was known mostly for Broadway stage plays. 

Gunn was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He died from asthma at sixty-four.

Gourdon, Lot

Gourdon () is a commune in southern France in the region of Occitanie. It is the "sous-prefecture" (capital) of the "arrondissement" and "canton" of the same name in the Lot department.

The town is on a hill, like an acropolis; from here, it is possible to see for about the landscape of the surrounding region.

Gourdon is the capital of the Bouriane (a sandy natural region of southwestern France) which is part of the Quercy and that goes up to the Dordogne river and that is next to the Périgord, which is a natural region and old province of France.

The town is in the middle of the "commune", above the right side of the Bléou, a stream tributary of the Céou river, which forms most of the commune's southern border.

The "commune" has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" is at of Cahors and is surrounded by the "communes" Payrignac, Anglars-Nozac, Le Vigan, Saint-Cirq-Souillaguet, Saint-Clair, Concorès, Dégagnac and Léobard.

The climate of Gourdon, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Gourdon is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of . There are an average of 168.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation occurring in January with 17.0 days and the least precipitation occurring in July with 10.0 days.

The average temperature for the year in Gourdon is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of Gourdon are known, in French, as "Gourdonnais" (women: "Gourdonnaises").

With a population of 4,297, Gourdon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Gourdon

Gourdon is twinned with:



Jim Brosnan

James Patrick "Jim" Brosnan (October 24, 1929 – June 28, 2014) was an American baseball and writer. He played Major League Baseball from 1954 and 1956 through 1963. He was a pitcher for the Chicago Cubs, St. Louis Cardinals, Cincinnati Reds and Chicago White Sox. 

Brosnan was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was born on Black Thursday, the beginning stage of the stock market crash.

Brosnan died on June 28, 2014 in Morton Grove, Illinois, aged 84.

Walter Dean Myers

Walter Dean Myers (born Walter Milton Myers; August 12, 1937 – July 1, 2014) was an American novelist. He wrote children's books and young adult literature. He wrote over one hundred books including picture books and non-fiction. He won the Coretta Scott King Award for African-American authors five times. His works included "Hoops" (1983), "Fallen Angels" (1988) and "Monster" (1999).

Myer was born in Martinsburg, West Virginia. He was raised in Harlem, New York City.

Myers died from a short illness on July 1, 2014 in Jersey City, New Jersey, aged 76. He was outlived by his wife and two sons.


Emilio Álvarez Montalván

Emilio Álvarez Montalván (31 July 1919 – 2 July 2014) was a Nicaraguan diplomat and politician. He served as the Foreign Minister of the Republic of Nicaragua from 1996 until 2001. He was an ophthalmologist, medical doctor and writer.

Álvarez was born in Managua. He was married to Carmen Guerra. They had six children. 

Álvarez died from a heart attack on 2 July 2014, aged 94.

Elitettan

Elitettan is the second highest division of women's soccer in Sweden. It was created in 2013. The season runs from April to October.

Errie Ball

Samuel Henry "Errie" Ball (November 14, 1910 – July 2, 2014) was a Welsh-American professional golfer. He played at the first Augusta National golf tournament in 1934 (now known as the Masters Tournament). He was the last living person to play in the first Masters. He was an active golfer between the 1930s and the 1970s.

Ball was born in Bangor, Gwynedd, north west Wales. During his 20s, he moved to the United States, under the request from his uncle. He turned 100 in November 2010. He was married to Maxie for 78 years until his death. Maxie was 99 when Ball died. They had a daughter named Leslie.

Ball died from natural causes on July 2, 2014 in Stuart, Florida, aged 103. His wife and their daughter outlived him.


Compliance (medicine)

In medicine, compliance or adherence refers to the fact that a patient follows the advice of the doctor, and takes the prescribed drugs in the quantities prescribed. Compliance is important for the treatment of chronic diseases.

Worldwide, non-compliance is a major obstacle to the effective delivery of health care. In 2003, the World Health Organization estimated that only about half the patients with chronic diseases living in developed countries follow treatment recommendations. In particular, low rates of adherence to therapies for asthma, diabetes, and hypertension are thought to contribute substantially to the human and economic burden of those conditions. Compliance rates may be overestimated in the medical literature, as compliance is often high in the setting of a formal clinical trial but drops off in a "real-world" setting.

Some drugs are difficult to take, because they must be taken at a specific time or interval; sometimes, several drugs must be taken together. This is seen as a major obstacle to compliance. Other factors that may adversely influence compliance are that many patients do not understand the benefits of being treated, or they see side-effects that they were not told about, the drugs costing a lot of money, poor communication or lack of trust between the patient and their health-care provider. Efforts to improve compliance have been aimed at simplifying drug packaging, providing effective medication reminders, improving patient education, and limiting the number of medications prescribed at the same time.

Jean Garon

Jean Garon (May 6, 1938 – July 1, 2014) was a Canadian politician, lawyer, academic and economist. He was a member of the Parti Québécois. He was Minister of Agriculture and Education, Quebec MNA from 1976 until 1985. He was also Mayor of Lévis from 1998 until 2005.

Garon was born in Saint-Michel, Quebec. He graduated from Université Laval in 1960.

Garon died on July 1, 2014 in Quebec City, aged 76.


Furusjö

Furusjö is a settlement in Habo Municipality, in the county of Jönköping in Sweden.

Skelleftehamn

Skelleftehamn is a settlement in Skellefteå Municipality, in the county of Västerbotten in Sweden.

Andy Schleck

Andy Raymond Schleck (born 10 June 1985) is a road cyclist who was the winner of the Tour de France in 2010.

Dagen

Dagen is a Christian daily newspaper in Sweden. The first issue was published on 1 November 1945. Lewi Pethrus, leader of the pentecostal movement in Sweden was its founder and its chief editor until his death in 1974.

As of 2017, Statista estimates its current circulation to be in 15,700.


Elida

Elida is a Swedish all-Christian organisation, working with the motto "Sailing for Jesus" with the goal of spreading the message about Christianity via a sailing boat using the same name. The boat is berthed in Gothenburg, Sweden.


Bibeltemplet

Bibeltemplet the (Bible temple) is a Christian website in Sweden. Its administrator Leif Liljeström was sentenced to prison for two months in April 2005 for expressing critical views on homosexuality. The case was appealed twice, and in November 2007 the Supreme Court of Sweden acquitted him.


Supreme Court of Sweden

The Supreme Court of Sweden (, abbreviated "HD") is the highest lawcourt of Sweden. It is the third and final instance in all civil and criminal cases in Sweden.


Government of Sweden

The Government of Sweden () is the national cabinet and highest executive authority in Sweden.


Rosenbad

Rosenbad is a government building in central Stockholm in Sweden, precinct of Norrmalm. The building is owned by the state of Sweden, and is the seat of the Swedish government. 

Glaucophyte

The glaucophytes are a small group of freshwater microscopic algae. Together with the red algae (Rhodophyta) and green algae plus land plants (Viridiplantae or Chloroplastida), they form the Archaeplastida.

The glaucophytes are of interest because they may be similar to the original algal type that led to green plants and red algae. The relationships between these groups are not yet clear, and the glaucophytes in particular need more study.

The chloroplasts of glaucophytes are known as 'cyanelles'. Unlike the chloroplasts in other organisms, they have a peptidoglycan layer, like bacterial cell walls. This is thought to be a relic of the endosymbiotic origin of plastids from cyanobacteria.

Glaucophytes have the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll a. They harvest light with the same type of pigment molecules as do cyanobacteria and red algae. Green algae and land plants have lost that pigment, which is known as phycobiliprotein.

Glaucophyte mitochondria and flagella (if present) are similar to forms found in some green algae.

Only 13 species of glaucophytes are known, none of which is particularly common in nature. There are three genera.

The glaucophytes were previously placed in the order Chlorococcales.

Arrondissement of Castres

The arrondissement of Castres is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Tarn "département". Its capital is the city of Castres.

When the "arrondissements" were created on 17 February 1800, Castres was one of them in the Tarn department.

It is the southernmost "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of . It is also the "arrondissement" with more people living there, with 194,373 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Albi, to the northeast by the Aveyron (Occitanie) department, to the east by the Hérault (Occitanie) department, to the south by the Aude (Occitanie) department and to the west by the Haute-Garonne (Occitanie) department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements". That is the case of the Le Haut Dadou and the Les Portes du Tarn cantons where some "communes" are in the "arrondissement" of Castres and others in the "arrondissement" of Albi. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Castres has 151 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Castres, Tarn

Castres () is a commune in the region of Midi-Pyrénées, in southwestern France. It is the "sous-prefecture" (capital) of the "arrondissement" of the same name in the Tarn department.

Castres is (after Toulouse, Tarbes and Albi) the fourth largest industrial centre of the mainly rural Midi-Pyrénées "région" and the largest in that part of Languedoc between Toulouse and Montpellier.

The name of the town comes from Latin "castrum", and means "fortified place".

Castres grew up round the Benedictine abbey of Saint Benoît. Castres became an important stop on the international pilgrimage routes to Santiago de Compostela in Spain because its abbey-church, built in the 9th century, was keeping the relics of Saint Vincent, the renowned martyr of Spain. It was a place of some importance as early as the 12th century, and ranked as the second town of the Albigeois behind Albi.

Castres is in southern France, in the southwestern part of the Tarn department, to the north of the Montagne Noire, a mountain range in central southern France. Castres is crossed from north to south by the Agout river, a tributary of the Tarn.

The "commune" has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Castres is at southeast of Albi and at east of Toulouse.

The climate of Castres, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Castres are known, in French, as "Castrais" (women: "Castraises").

The city of Castres has a population, in 2014, of 41,382; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Castres

Castres is a subprefecture of the Tarn department and the capital of the arrondissement of Castres in the same department. It is also the capital of three "Cantons":

It is part of the intercommunality "Castres - Mazamet" ().


Castres is twinned with:



Black Lake (Louisiana)

Black Lake is a reservoir located between Creston and Campti in North Louisiana. Water feeds into Black Lake from Black Lake Bayou, a watershed that extends from north of Gibsland in Bienville Parish and south to Clarence in Natchitoches Parish through the parishes of Claiborne, Webster, Bienville, Red River and Natchitoches. The elevation of the lake is . Louisiana Highway 9 runs across Black Lake. On the west side of Highway 9 the body of water is called Black Lake — the east is called Clear Lake or Clear Lake Bayou. The Clear Lake side is near another body of water: Saline Lake. Between Clear Lake and Saline Lake is the Alan Chiverly Dam, constructed in 1934. Road 1226 also extends between the lakes.

Residents about Black Lake use the Campti and Clarence ZIP Codes, 71411 and 71414, respectively. They are zoned to Lakeview Junior/Senior High School. There are boat launches and campgrounds for fishing and boating. Bell's Camp, founded in 1936 by the late Albert and Eva Bell, is still operated by their daughter, Joy Bell Wimberly (born 1924). Nearby is a catfish and steak restaurant known as Sea and Sirloin, which opened in 1983.

Black Lake is wide in some places such as at the Hwy 9 bridge and tight in other places because of the growth of cypress trees. There are channels cut into the lake that allow clearance for boats. Boats stay in the channels or risk grounding the bottom of the boat on tree stumps. The aquatic vegetation such as moss, seaweed and algae are visible at surface level.

The latitude and longitude coordinates for Black Lake are 31.9574, -93.0466 and the altitude is 102 feet (31 m).

Eastwood, Louisiana

Eastwood is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Red Chute, Louisiana

Redchute is a census-designated place (CDP) in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Denham Springs, Louisiana

Denham Springs is a city in Livingston Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Extradition

Extradition is how someone who has committed a crime, or is suspected to have committed a crime, is handed from one jurisdiction to another. Usually, the country that wants the person makes a formal request to the other. Under international law, there is no obligation to extradite a person. There is a web of treaties, which state under what conditions extradition is possible.

In general:

People who move to a different location to escape legal charges are called fugitives.

In 2019 protestors in Hong Kong demonstrated against a new extradition law proposed by the government of mainland China.

Raspberry Pi

The Raspberry Pi is a series of single-board computers. They are low-cost, high-performance and the size of a credit card. The Raspberry Pi was developed in the UK by the Raspberry Pi Foundation. The Raspberry Pi Foundation's goal is to "advance the education of adults and children, particularly in the field of computers, computer science and related subjects." Many people have used Raspberry Pis to make things like cameras, video game consoles, robots, web servers and media centres.

There are lots of different versions of the Raspberry Pi, and each has different features.

All of the versions use a Broadcom 'system on a chip' (SoC) which contains an ARM-compatible central processing unit (CPU), random-access memory (RAM) and a graphics processing unit (GPU).

All versions use an SD card or MicroSD card for the operating system and file storage. They also have a 40-pin General-Purpose Input/Output (GPIO) connector, which can be used for controlling other electronics.

Some versions of the Raspberry Pi have an ethernet connector for connecting to the internet. Some versions can also use Wi-Fi to connect to the internet.

The Raspberry Pi comes in three different sizes. The 'standard' size is used for all Model B versions, and is 85.6 mm x 56.5 mm (3.370 in × 2.224 in). The 'compact' size is used for all Model A versions, and is 65 mm × 56.5 mm (2.56 in × 2.22 in). The 'zero' size is used for all Raspberry Pi Zero versions, and is 65 mm × 30 mm (2.56 in × 1.18 in).


Newsboys

Newsboys is a Christian rock, pop, and worship band that started in Australia in 1985. Since then, the band has released 16 studio albums and received numerous awards. The current lead singer, Michael Tait, was once a part of the hit Christian rock/rap 90's band DC Talk.

The band started with Peter Furler, George Perdikis, John James, Sean Taylor, and Corey Pryor as "The News," which was later changed due to conflicts with a band by a similar name.

Hurricane Arthur

Hurricane Arthur was a 2014 tropical cyclone. The hurricane developed on July 1 not far off the eastern coast of Florida. Arthur became a hurricane early on July 3.

The storm was expected to either just miss or hit the Cape Hatteras and Outer Banks area of North Carolina. Hurricane or tropical storm notices were in effect for areas between northeastern South Carolina and Nova Scotia in southeast Canada.

The Clark Family Experience

The Clark Family Experience is an American country music group formed in 2000.


Chad Brown (poker player)

Chad Lewis Brown (August 13, 1961 – July 2, 2014) was an American actor, poker player and color commentator. He was sponsored by PokerStars. He co-hosted the NBC television series "Caesars Challenge" during the early 1990s.

Brown was born Manhattan, New York City and was raised in the Bronx. He lived in the Los Angeles, California. He married French-American poker player Vanessa Rousso. They separated in early 2012.

In February 2011, Rousso reported on her Twitter account that Brown had a ten-pound malignant tumor removed from his abdomen. This was a rare form of sarcoma called liposarcoma. He died from liposarcoma on July 2, 2014 in New York City, aged 52.

Louis Zamperini

Louis Silvie Zamperini (January 26, 1917 – July 2, 2014) was an American World War II prisoner of war survivor, motivational speaker and track and field athlete.

Zamperini was a long-distance runner at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Nazi Germany. During World War II, Zamperini was a soldier on a bomber airplane in the Pacific War. After the plane crashed, he and his crew survived 47 days in a lifeboat in shark infested water before being captured by the Japanese army. After the war, he became a motivational speaker.

In 2010, Laura Hillenbrand published Zamperini's biography "", which became a bestseller. In 2014, actress Angelina Jolie directed the movie "Unbroken", based on the biography. The movie was released on December 25, 2014.

In May 2014, he was chosen to be the 2015 Rose Parade grand marshal.

Zamperini was born in Olean, New York, to Italian immigrant parents. He and his family moved to Torrance, California, at a young age. He did not speak English until school and was bullied because of this. He was married to Cynthia Applewhite from 1946 until her death in 2001. They had two children, Luke and Cynthia.

Zamperini died from pneumonia on July 2, 2014 in Los Angeles, California. He was 97.


Zalman Schachter-Shalomi

Zalman M. Schachter-Shalomi (August 28, 1924 – July 3, 2014), also known as Reb Zalman, was an American rabbi and educator. He was one of the founders of the Jewish Renewal movement. He was committed to the Gaia hypothesis, to feminism, and to LGBT people within Judaism.

Schachter-Shalomi was born in Zhovkva, Poland (now Ukraine) and raised in Vienna, Austria. He and his family fled the rising power of Nazi Germany for the United States in 1941. He was married to Eve Ilsen.

Schachter-Shalomi died after a long illness on July 3, 2014 in Boulder, Colorado. He was 89.


Battle of Bull Run

Battle of Bull Run might refer to the following battles of the American Civil War:


Unikont

Unikonts are one of the five superkingdoms in the classification of eukaryotes. They are part of the taxonomy system of Thomas Cavalier-Smith.

The term is no longer used. It is replaced by the term Amorphea.

The group is claimed to be a clade. It includes eukaryotic cells that:
The unikonts include opisthokonts (animals, fungi, and related forms) and Amoebozoa. By contrast other well-known eukaryotic groups are often referred to as bikonts. Bikonts include Archaeplastida (plants and relatives), Excavata, Rhizaria, and Chromalveolata. These groups may have two flagella (although there are many exceptions).

The unikonts have a triple-gene fusion that is lacking in the bikonts. The three genes code for enzymes which make pyrimidine nucleotides. This must have involved a double gene fusion, a rare pair of events, which supports the shared ancestry of Opisthokonta and Amoebozoa.

Giovanni Colmo

Giovanni Colmo (1867 – 1947) was an Italian painter. He was born on May 13, 1867 in Turin, He died on April 24, 1947 in Turin.

Self-taught his style of painting comes from the frequentation of the masters of the time: Lorenzo Delleani and Andrea Tavernier.

His painting is related to the "Piemontese Landscaping" of the nineteenth century

The artist has produced over 5,000 works.





Salvatore Petruolo

Salvatore Petruolo was an Italian painter. He was born on January 4, 1857 in Catanzaro, He died on 1946 in Naples, Italy.

Petruolo was a pupil of Gabriele Smargiassi at the Institute of Fine Arts in Naples. He is famous for his coastal landscapes, near Naples and very rare landscapes of Calabria. His landscapes from 1875 to 1898 show the style of the School of Posillipo with influences of Edoardo Dalbono. After 1898 his painting style became more personal and distinctive, with a symbolist influence.

He was popular with English and American visitors to Naples. His studio was visited by people including Empress Frederick, the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, the Prince of Battenberg, Princess Louise, sister of King Edward of England. In 1889 he stayed with Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh at Malta for three months. He went on a painting trip to Spain visiting Granada, Seville, Cordoba and Zaragoza. He showed the works from this trip in an exhibition at Clarence House in London.




Raffaele Tafuri

Raffaele Tafuri (January 27, 1857 – 1929) was an Italian painter. He was born in Salerno and died in Salerno

He completed his early studies in the family, then moved to Naples at the Institute of Fine Arts, in the city of Naples attended the study of sculptor Stanislao Lista.
He is famous for his coastal landscapes.

He participated in the first "Biennale of Art" in Venice in 1895 and in the editions of 1907, 1909, 1910, 1914.




Opisthokont

Opisthokonts are a superkingdom of the Eukaryota, including the animals and fungi. It is a group of unikonts.

There are several classifications of the eukaryotes which are being discussed. Each of them divides the domain Eukaryota into five groups, but there is disagreement on the details. 

The Opisthokonta is thought to be a monophyletic clade, and therefore superior to the Unikonta as a taxonomic term.

 

Vincenzo Irolli

Vincenzo Irolli (30 September 1860 – 27 November 1949) was an Italian painter. He was born and died in Naples.

Trained at the Academy of Fine Arts in Naples, Irolli followed the style of Domenico Morelli, characterized by a vibrant use of color. Pursued its production resented the style of Antonio Mancini portraying subjects in the Neapolitan folklore.

His talent easy, flashy, brought him great success with the public.
The artist has produced over 5,000 works.

He participated in the "Biennale of Art" in Venice in 1922 and in 1924.




Giorgio Faletti

Giorgio Faletti (25 November 1950 – 4 July 2014) was an Italian writer, actor, comedian and singer-songwriter. His books have been translated into 25 languages. They have also been published with great success in Europe, South America, China, Japan, Russia and the United States.

Faletti was born in Asti, Piedmont. He lived on Elba Island. He was a fan of the football team Juventus.

Faletti died from lung cancer on 4 July 2014 in Turin, aged 63.


Budapest (George Ezra song)

"Budapest" is a song by English singer-songwriter George Ezra. It is from his 2014 debut studio album, ""Wanted on Voyage"". It was released as the album's second single in Italy on 13 December 2013 and in the UK on 13 June 2014. 

The song was co-written by Ezra and Joel Pott and was produced by Cam Blackwood.

The single became a hit in the United States. It debuted at number 81 on the Billboard Hot 100 in February 2015, and peaked at number 32 in May of the same year.

A Sky Full of Stars

"A Sky Full of Stars" is an EDM song written by the British band Coldplay featuring Swedish DJ Avicii in 2014.
The song is the band's first EDM track. The song is centered around the piano, with electronic music coming in between verses.It also appears in Sing 2, sung by Johnny the Gorilla.

Most critics enjoyed the song and gave it positive reviews. The song reached #1 on the charts in the United States, Portugal, Luxembourg, Italy, Israel and Belgium. One day after it's release on ITunes, it had sold 121,690 copies worldwide. The song was also Coldplay's third top ten hit on the Billboard Hot 100 It was played in the 2020 Democratic Convention in honor of Joe Biden's son,Beau Biden.

Samudaya sacca

Samudaya sacca is the second of the four noble truths in Buddhism. It is about the origins of dukkha (suffering).

"Samudaya" has many meanings, but it usually means "origin" or "source." "Sacca" means "truth" or "reality." So because of this, "Samudaya sacca" means "truth of the origin of suffering." 

According to the Four Noble Truths, the origin ("Samudaya") of suffering ("sacca") is from cravings taught by ignorance. The craving is shown in three ways:


Saarland national football team

The Saarland national football team (German: "Saarländische Fußballnationalmannschaft") was the association football team representing Saarland from 1950 to 1956 during the French occupation after World War II. Their last game was played on june 6, 1956. Shortly afterwards, the team merged into the West Germany national football team.

The following shows all games played by the Saarland team. 

Paola Romano

Paola Romano (17 September 1951 – 15 September 2021) is an Italian painter and sculptor.

She began her artistic training in Rome, where he attended classes at the "Rome University of Fine Arts" (RUFA).

She participated in the 54 "Biennale of Art" in Venice in 2011.





Paola Epifani

Paola Epifani (pseudonym Rabarama) (born 22 August, 1969 in Rome) is an Italian painter and sculptor.

She attended the Art School of Treviso. She graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts in Venice in 1991. Since 1990, she has lived and worked in Padua.

She participated in the 54 "Biennale of Art" in Venice in 2011.




Giovan Francesco Gonzaga

Giovan Francesco Gonzaga (born October 12, 1921 in Milan; died October 2, 2007 in Milan) was an Italian painter and sculptor.

Attend young “Castello Sforzesco” (of Milan) where he enjoys copying the studies and designs of the past greats such as Leonardo and Michelangelo.
Unlike other artists, and he will remain a self-taught.

Gonzaga has a stylistic autonomous and recognizable.

The subjects are usually depicted horses, riders, still lifes, soldiers, portraits and landscapes; interesting are the sacred subjects such as crucifixions, and especially the portraits of the Virgin Mary, etc.






Rhizaria

The Rhizaria are a supergroup of mostly unicellular eukaryotes. A multicellular form has recently been described.

This supergroup was proposed by Cavalier-Smith in 2002. It has many species. They vary considerably in form, but for the most part they are amoeba-like with pseudopods. Many produce shells or skeletons, which may be quite complex in structure. They make up the vast majority of protozoan fossils. Nearly all have mitochondria with folds.

There are three main groups of Rhizaria:


Jaws 2

Jaws 2 is an American adventure horror thriller movie. It is the first sequel to Steven Spielberg's "Jaws" (1975). It was released in 1978. It is the second in the "Jaws" series of movies. These are based on Peter Benchley's Jaws novel of the same name. Directed by Jeannot Szwarc, Jaws 2 stars Roy Scheider as Police Chief Martin Brody. He has to deal with another great white shark terrorizing the waters of Amity Island, a fictional seaside resort. "Jaws 2" was followed by "Jaws 3-D" (1983) and "" (released in 1987).

Jaws 3

Jaws 3 (Jaws 3-D) is a 1983 American horror movie sequel to "Jaws" and "Jaws 2". The movie was directed by Joe Alves.

Altoona, Pennsylvania

Altoona is a city in south central Pennsylvania. At the 2020 census, 43,963 people lived there. The city was founded in 1849. It was incorporated in 1868.

Johnstown, Pennsylvania

Johnstown is a city in southwestern Pennsylvania. It is 70 miles east of Pittsburgh. At the 2020 census, 18,411 people lived there. Major flooding hit in 1889, 1936 and 1977. The 1889 Johnstown Flood was especially bad.

Butler, Pennsylvania

Butler is a city in western Pennsylvania. It is about 35 miles north of Pittsburgh. At the 2020 United States Census, 13,502 people lived in Butler.

Butler was settled in 1802. It was incorporated as a city in 1918.

Professional wrestling aerial techniques

This page describes the different types of aerial attacks in professional wrestling.

A diving crossbody is a move where a wrestler performs a type of crossbody off of the top turnbuckle and onto a standing opponent.

A diving DDT is a move where a wrestler who is on higher ground (usually the top rope) is facing either a standing or bent-over opponent. The wrestler dives wraps their near arm around the opponent's head in a front facelock and swings themselves backwards in midair, performing a DDT.

A diving double axe handle (also known as diving axe handle, diving double axe handle smash or diving double sledge) is a move where a wrestler jumps from the top turnbuckle to either the mat or floor and hits their opponent with two fists that are held together in the fashion of holding an axe.

A diving elbow drop is a move where a wrestler jumps from the top turnbuckle and lands on a downed opponent with their cocked elbow. There is also a less common version called the diving back elbow drop, where a wrestler climbs to the top turnbuckle, jumps backwards, cocks their elbow and lands their elbow on the opponent. The diving elbow drop was popularized by "Macho Man" Randy Savage who used it as his finisher. CM Punk adopted the moved as a tribute to Savage after he died.

A pointed elbow drop is a move where a wrestler that is sitting on the top turnbuckle, jumps while clasping their forearms together, and lands on their knees, while driving both elbows into either the shoulder or chest of their opponent.

A diving fist drop is a move where a wrestler jumps from the top turnbuckle onto the opponent and drives their fist into either the opponent's chest or head.

A diving headbutt happens when a wrestler jumps from either the top rope or turnbuckle and lands anywhere on the opponent's body. Harley Race accidentally invented the move. The move was popularized by The Dynamite Kid and later by Chris Benoit. It was later found out that the move could cause spinal damage and was blamed as a contributing factor for the damage that was found in Chris Benoit's brain after his double-murder suicide.

A flying clothesline is a move where a wrestler jumps from either the top rope, top turnbuckle or somewhere else and performs a clothesline onto their standing opponent.

A flying neckbreaker is a type of neckbreaker where the wrestler jumps from a higher position, usually the second turnbuckle, grabs the opponents neck in midair and takes them down with a neckbreaker. A common version of this is called the flip neckbreaker slam or Blockbuster when a wrestler does a somersault, and while flipping, catches the opponents head which ends in a neckbreaker slam.

A Frankensteiner is a type of hurricanrana that is done when the opponent is sitting on the top turnbuckle. While facing them, the wrestler performing the move wraps their legs around the opponent's head, does a backflip to swing through the opponent's open legs and drags them into a forced somersault which distances the wrestler from the opponent, who lands on his or her back. The name Frankensteiner comes from Scott Steiner, who popularized the move.

There is a different version called the reverse frankensteiner, also known as the inverted frankensteiner. The move is performed when an opponent is facing the other way while sitting on the top turnbuckle. The wrestler then performs the frankensteiner but the opponent lands on their chest instead.

A moonsault happens when a wrestler does a backflip and lands on their opponent. It is usually performed from the top turnbuckle.

A 630° senton is a move where a wrestler does a senton and flips 630 degrees forward before landing. A corkscrew can be added. In a corkscrew version, the wrestler faces away from the ring and is on the top turnbuckle, they then perform a 180° turn in mid-air and perform a 630° senton onto a lying opponent.

A shiranui is a move where a wrestler puts their opponent in a three-quarter facelock, runs up the corner turnbuckles, jumps backwards, does a backflip in the air and lands face down on the mat, driving the opponent back first on the mat. There is a standing version and a "sitout shiranui" where the wrestler lands in a seated position and drives the opponent's head between their legs. It is the finishing move of Brian Kendrick who calls it the "Sliced Bread #2". The move was invented by Naomichi Marufuji.

A shooting star is when a wrestler jumps forward from higher ground and performs a backflip in midair. The most common technique of the shooting star is the shooting star press.

A shooting star press is a move where the wrestler jumps forward, presses their knees to their chest, does a backflip in midair and lands on their opponent chest first. A corkscrew version has also been used where the wrestler either a 180°, 360° or more in midair and lands in either a senton or press. The move was invented by Jushin "Thunder" Liger.

A shooting star leg drop is a move where the wrestler jumps forward from higher ground, does a backflip in midair, continues the rotation (by either doing a full 360° or more rotation) and lands on the downed opponent with their leg.

A shooting star elbow drop is a move where the wrestler jumps forward from higher ground, does a backflip in midair, and lands on the downed opponent with their elbow.

A shooting star DDT is a move where the wrestler jumps forward from higher ground, does a backflip in midair, catches the standing opponent and performs a DDT on the way down.

A shooting star senton is a move where the wrestler jumps forward from higher ground, does a backflip in midair, and continues the rotation (by either doing a full 360° or more rotation) and adds another 90 which ends in a senton.

A corkscrew shooting star press is a move where the wrestler jumps forward from higher ground, twists and flips backwards at the same time, and hits a shooting star press. Pac/Adrian Neville uses the move as his finisher which he calls the "Red Arrow".

A sunset flip is a pinning move performed when a wrestler is on higher ground. The wrestler then dives over the opponent, catches them in a waist-lock from behind and rolls them into a sitting position when they hit the mat. When the wrestler rolls over the opponent, they pull the opponent backwards and land their back into a pinning position.

Some of the moves that are done are not meant to pin an opponent or weaken them. They are used to set up another attack on an opponent.

A springboard is when a wrestler bounces themself upward off of a rope into a move. There is also a double springboard where a wrestler bounces off one rope and onto another. Some moves that can be done from a springboard position are a springboard dropkick, springboard legdrop and a springboard moonsault.

A slingshot is when a wrestler, who is standing on the ring apron, pulls the top rope and uses the momentum that is gained to hurl themself over the rope and into the ring.

A corkscrew is when a wrestler twists themself in the air. It can also refer to when a wrestler does a backflip but it is twisted so the wrestler faces the inside of the ring instead of the outside when the move ends.

A Plancha is the name in American wrestling for when a wrestler performs a slingshot crossbody to an opponent on the outside of the ring. In lucha libre, it is called a Pescado when a wrestler uses the top ring rope for the slingshot.

A ropewalk is when a wrestler walks across the top rope before performing a move. The Undertaker uses a ropewalk in his "Old School" signature move.

the name "suicide" or "suicida" is used before any move that wrestler uses which goes either from the ring, the ring apron, or the turnbuckles to the outside of the ring. The most common move is the "suicide dive" or "topé suicida" where a wrestler jumps through the ring ropes to the opponent on the outside. Sometimes a front flip is used after the wrestler leaps through the ropes, this is known as "suicide senton" or "Topé con Hilo".

James Rodríguez

James David Rodríguez Rubio, known as James Rodriguez (born 12 July 1991) is a Colombian football midfielder. He currently plays for the Colombia national team and is currently a free agent.

Because of his performances at the 2014 FIFA World Cup, he is often known as one of the world's best young players.

Benedikt Höwedes

Benedikt Höwedes (born 29 February 1988 in Haltern) is a world cup winning German association football defender. He played for FC Schalke 04 and captained the team for six years. He also represented the Germany national football team. He represented Germany in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

Xu Caihou

Xu Caihou (; June 1943 – 15 March 2015) was a former member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China, Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission and General of Chinese People's Liberation Army. 

On 19 September 2004, Xu succeeded Hu Jintao as Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission after Hu was promoted to chairmanship. Xu retired from public office in 2013. In March 2014, it was reported that Xu was diagnosed with bladder cancer and was undergoing extensive treatment in Beijing. 

In June 2014, Xu was expelled from the Communist Party. Before his death, he under investigation for "serious disciplinary violations." He was also facing a military court martial.

Xu died in China from bladder cancer and multiple organ failure on 15 March 2015 at the age of 71.

Audie England

Audie England (born July 12) is an American actress. She played Elena in "Delta of Venus" (1994). She also played Claire in "Free Enterprise".

England was born in Los Angeles. Many sources use 1972 as her birth date. Other sources mention 1967 as her year.

Delta of Venus

Delta of Venus is a 1994 erotic drama movie. It is about an American who gets involved in an affair with another American in pre-World War II Paris. Audie England plays the American novelist Elena.

The movie is based on an erotic novel of the same name by Anaïs Nin.

This movie is rated NC-17 because of explicit sexuality. The movie was released in 1995 in the United States.

Cigarettes &amp; Alcohol

"Cigarettes & Alcohol" is the fourth single off English rock band Oasis' debut studio album "Definitely Maybe". The song was released in 10 October 1994. The song was Oasis' second song to enter the UK top ten in the United Kingdom. The song was able to reach #7. It spent 35 weeks on the charts and re-entered Top 75 charts on several occasions until 1997.

It is the second case where Oasis was accused of plagiarism, the first being "Shakermaker". The main riff of Cigarettes & Alcohol is allegedly "borrowed" from "Get It On" by T. Rex, as well as "Little Queenie" by Chuck Berry. The song also bears a similarity to the opening of Humble Pie's cover of "C'mon Everybody".


Tinglish

Tinglish is an English dialect used by Thai people. English is more complicated than the Thai language and English grammar is easily understood. Tinglish is a simple form of English that is usually hard to understand by English speakers. However, many words in Tinglish have a uniquely Thai pronunciation. Time can be a confusing subject in Tinglish. Thais use a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock.

The Shock of the Lightning

"The Shock of the Lightning" is the first single off English rock band Oasis' seventh and final studio album "Dig Out Your Soul". The song was released in 22 September 2008 as a download and on 29 September 2008 as a physical copy.

Lead guitarist Noel Gallagher said of the song: "If 'The Shock of the Lightning" sounds instant and compelling to you, it's because it was written dead fast. And recorded dead fast. 'The Shock of the Lightning" basically is the demo. And it has retained its energy. And there's a lot to be said for that, I think. The first time you record something is always the best"

NME ranked the song #96 on their list of "100 Tracks of the Decade".


The Hindu Times

"The Hindu Times" is the first single off English rock band Oasis' fifth studio album "Heathen Chemistry". The song was released on 1 July 2002.

The Hindu Times was the band's sixth number one single on the UK Singles Chart. It stayed on the top for one week before it was overtaken by the Sugababes' cover of "Freak Like Me". The song was one of the first Oasis singles since the singles from the album "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?" to receive almost completely receive positive reviews from the critics.

In 2008, NME listed the song as one of the greatest indie anthems of the 2000s. In October 2011, NME ranked the song #143 on their list of "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years". In 2010, XFM listed it on their list of "1000 greatest songs of all time" list.


Sunday Morning Call

"Sunday Morning Call" is the third single off English rock band Oasis' fourth studio album "Standing on the Shoulder of Giants". The song was released on 3 July 2000.

The music video for the song is a take on the movie "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". The music video was shot in an old mental institute in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.


Acquiesce

"Acquiesce" is a song that appeared on the B-side to Oasis' first UK #1 single, "Some Might Say". The song was released on 24 April 1995.

The song was included on the B-sides compilation album "The Masterplan" which was released in 1998, after it was voted for inclusion by fans of the band on their official website. The song was also released as one of the lead tracks to Oasis' "Stop the Clocks EP", in promotion of their compilation album, "Stop the Clocks".

The verses to "Acquiesce" are sung by Liam Gallagher and the chorus is sung by Noel (because, he claimed that Liam could not reach the high notes), making it the first song to ever feature both Gallagher brothers on lead vocals. The only other Oasis songs to feature both of them on lead vocals are "Put Yer Money Where Yer Mouth Is", from their 2000 album "Standing on the Shoulder of Giants", "Born on a Different Cloud", from their 2002 album "Heathen Chemistry", and "Let There Be Love", from their 2005 album "Don't Believe the Truth".

Live Forever (Oasis song)

"Live Forever" is the third single off English rock band Oasis' debut studio album "Definitely Maybe". The song was released on 8 August 1994. 

The song was written by Noel Gallagher in 1991 before he joined Oasis. "Live Forever" was inspired by The Rolling Stones song "Shine a Light". It featured an optimistic outlook which differed from the attitude of the grunge bands which were popular at that time. Noel Gallagher presented a fully composed "Live Forever" to the band for the first time in early 1993 during their rehearsals. According to drummer Tony McCarroll, the band were awed by it. The demo version of the song begins with an acoustic guitar intro. While recording the album version, the producer Owen Morris cut out the intro and replaced it with a drumbeat that was played by McCarroll. Morris further cut a second section in Gallagher's guitar solo. Although Gallagher was upset, Morris felt the part had sounded "a bit like fucking Slash from Guns N' Roses".

The song is understood to be an ode to Noel and Liam Gallagher's mother Peggy.In general, the lyrics to the song stress an optimistic outlook. Noel Gallagher explained that "At the time . . . it was written in the middle of grunge and all that, and I remember Nirvana had a tune called 'I Hate Myself and Want to Die', and I was like . . . 'Well, I'm not fucking having that.' As much as I fucking like him (Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain) and all that shit, I'm not having that. I can't have people like that coming over here, on smack, fucking saying that they hate themselves and they wanna die. That's fucking rubbish. Kids don't need to be hearing that nonsense." While Gallagher said that he did not intend "Live Forever" as a direct reply to Nirvana or their music (being a professed fan of the band), he differed the lives of Cobain and his band at that point, saying, "Seems to me that here was a guy who had everything, and was miserable about it. And we had fuck-all, and I still thought that getting up in the morning was the greatest fuckin' thing ever, 'cause you didn't know where you'd end up at night. And we didn't have a pot to piss in, but it was fucking great, man". Gallagher says that the line "We see things they'll never see" is the most important line of the song and explained that old friends tend to laugh at jokes and stories that "no one else gets".

Lord Don't Slow Me Down (song)

"Lord Don't Slow Me Down" is a song from English rock band Oasis. The song was released on 21 October 2007 as a download-only single. It was also released on a limited edition 12-inch single in promotion of the release of Oasis' rockumentary of the same name, "Lord Don't Slow Me Down".

On 29 October, it debuted debuted at #10 on the UK Singles Chart and became Oasis' 21st UK top 10. The song was well received by both critics and fans. Noel Gallagher said of the song: "You know there's a DVD coming out for Christmas... somewhat predictably. The title track was so brilliant that the powers that be said 'let's just put it out'."

Melanocyte

Melanocytes are melanin-producing cells. They are most obvious in the skin, hair and eyes. They are in the bottom layer of the skin's epidermis, in hairs, and in the iris of the eye, and some places inside the body. 

Melanin is the pigment mostly responsible for skin and hair colour. It protects the skin against damage by UV radiation from the Sun. UV radiation causes damage to cell DNA, which makes skin cancer more likely. 

Melanocyte-stimulating hormones (MSH) from the pituitary gland causes melanocytes to produce more melanin. They stimulate the production and release of melanin by melanocytes in skin and hair. MSH signals to the brain have effects on appetite and sexual arousal.

Lisa Kennedy Montgomery

Lisa Kennedy Montgomery (stage name: Kennedy; born September 8, 1972) is an American political satirist, radio personality and former MTV hostess. She hosted "Alternative Nation" from 1992 to 1997. 

Kennedy Montgomery was born in Indianapolis, Indiana.

Human skin colour

Human skin color is one of the most easily seen features of a person. It ranges in variety from the darkest brown to the lightest pinkish-white. Skin color is inherited and is the result of natural selection. 

Skin pigmentation in human beings evolved mainly to control the amount of ultraviolet radiation penetrating the skin, thus reducing its effects.

The single most important substance deciding human skin color is the pigment melanin. Melanin is produced within the skin by cells called melanocytes. The red color underlying the skin becomes more visible in white skin, especially in the face. 

In physical exercise or the stimulation of the nervous system (anger, fear), blood vessels expand.

There is a direct relationship between UV radiation (UVR) and the distribution of indigenous skin pigmentation around the world. Areas that have more UVR also have darker-skinned populations. Areas that are far from the tropics and closer to the poles have lower concentration of UVR, and lighter-skinned populations. Human populations have changed from dark-skinned to light-skinned as they left Africa about 100,000 years ago, and some have changed back to darker skin as they returned to higher UV zones.

Natural skin color can also darken as a result of tanning due to exposure to sunlight. The leading theory is that skin color adapts to intense sunlight to provide partial protection against the ultraviolet fraction which damages DNA of the skin cells and so produces mutations.

It is easy to see why dark skin is an advantage in the tropics as a partial defense against skin cancer. It is much less easy to see why a white skin is an advantage in colder climates. Researchers have suggested two reasons, and both probably play a part. The first is that, at a given temperature, a white skin radiates less heat than a black skin. The second is that in weaker sunlight the body tends to produce less vitamin D. There is a hypothesis that the selection for lighter skin is due to the need for higher vitamin D production. The change started as soon as populations moved north out of Africa.

In addition, adult human females are usually lighter in skin pigmentation than males. Females need more calcium during pregnancy and lactation. The body synthesizes vitamin D from the action of sunlight on the skin. Vitamin D helps the body absorb calcium. Females evolved to have lighter skin so their bodies absorb more calcium.

The social significance of differences in skin color has varied across cultures and over time, as demonstrated with regard to social status and discrimination.

Wendi McLendon-Covey

Wendi Anne McLendon-Covey (born October 10, 1969 in Bellflower, California) is an American actress, comedienne, writer and producer. She is known for her role as Rita in comedy "Bridesmaids" (2011), and as Beverly Goldberg in the ABC sitcom, "The Goldbergs" (2013–present). McLendon-Covey was nominated for a Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actress in a Comedy Series in 2014 for her role in The Goldbergs. She also starred in the movies "What to Expect When You're Expecting" (2012), "The Single Moms Club" (2014), "Blended" (2014), and "Think Like a Man Too" (2014). She is also the voice of Nancy Green from "Big City Greens" and $ena $wanson from "North Woods".

Maurizio Delvecchio

Maurizio Delvecchio (born 22 May 1962) is an Italian painter. He was born in Basel, Switzerland into an Italian family.

Back in Italy, with his parents, he graduated from the Art School in Ravenna. In 1985 he graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts in Ravenna. He lives and works in Cesenatico (FC).

He participated in the 54 "Biennale of Art" in Venice in 2011.





Olanzapine

Olanzapine (also Zyprexa) is an anti-psychotic medicine for bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. It can also treat anxiety conditions. 

Eli Lilly manufactures the medicine.

Volodymyr Sabodan

Metropolitan Vladimir (Volodymyr; secular name Viktor Markianovich Sabodan, , , November 23, 1935-5 July, 2014) was a Ukrainian religious leader. He was the head of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate) (UOC-MP) 1992-2014.

He died on July 5, 2014 from internal bleeding at the age of 78.


Frederick I. Ordway III

Frederick Ira Ordway III (April 4, 1927 – July 1, 2014) was an American space scientist and author of visionary books on spaceflight. 

As scientific consultant, he was part of the production team of "".

At the time of his death he was the longest-serving member of the American Rocket Society which he joined in 1939. Ordway served as a member of the faculty at The University of Alabama in Huntsville (UAH) from 1970 to 1973, and he was awarded an honorary doctorate by UAH in 1992.

Ordway died in Huntsville, Alabama, aged 87.

Thomas Mellon

Thomas Alexander Mellon (February 3, 1813 – February 3, 1908) was a Scotch-Irish-American, entrepreneur, lawyer, and judge. He was best known as the founder of Mellon Bank and patriarch of the Mellon family of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was business partners with Andrew Carnegie.


Dick Miller

Richard "Dick" Miller (December 25, 1928 – January 30, 2019) was an American character actor. He was known for his roles in "Gremlins", "", The Explorers, "Piranha", "The Howling", "A Bucket of Blood", "The Little Shop of Horrors", "Chopping Mall", "Night of the Creeps", "The Terminator", "The 'Burbs", "Pulp Fiction" and "Small Soldiers".

Miller was born in The Bronx, New York. He died on January 30, 2019 in Toluca Lake, California from pneumonia, aged 90.

Frederic Shoberl

Frederic Shoberl (1775–1853), also known as Frederick Schoberl, was an English journalist, editor, translator and writer. Shoberl was born in London in 1775, and educated at the Moravian school at the Fulneck Moravian Settlement in West Yorkshire.


Fozzy

Fozzy is an American heavy metal band from Atlanta, Georgia. The band is currently signed to Century Media Records. The band has currently has five members. The members are Chris Jericho, Rich Ward, Frank Fontsere, Billy Grey, and Paul Di Leo. Lead singer Chris Jericho describes the band by saying: "If Metallica and Journey had a bastard child, it would be Fozzy."

The band started out as a cover band and went by the name Fozzy Osbourne, a play on the name of the singer Ozzy Osbourne. The band was assembled by Rich Ward from whatever musicians that he could find in a given week. In 1999, Ward met Jericho in San Antonio, Texas after a wrestling show and he invited Jericho to play with the band.

In 2000, after Jericho suffered a severe ankle injury and was unable to wrestle for four moths, he rejoined the band and became their front man. He went under the persona of Moongoose McQueen. As part of the band's "gimmick", Jericho did not acknowledge that Moongoose McQueen and Chris Jericho were the same person. When he was interviewed as Moongoose, he stayed in character the entire time and feigned ignorance of who Chris Jericho was. On the other side, Chris Jericho was a "huge fan" of both Moongoose and Fozzy.

Fozzy started production on their first album later on. On October 24, 2000, Fozzy released their first, self-titled studio album. The album featured covers of songs songs from bands like Dio, Krokus, Twisted Sister, Iron Maiden, Mötley Crüe and Judas Priest.

The band is set to release their sixth studio "Do You Wanna Start a War" on July 22, 2014.






Goatwhore

Goatwhore is an American blackened death metal band from New Orleans, Louisiana. The band has currently has four members. The members are Sammy Duet, Louis Benjamin Falgoust II, Zack Simmons, and James Harvey.

Lead singer Louis Benjamin Falgoust II describes where the band sits in the many subgenres of metal: "Whatever terms people decide to lock us into— black metal, death metal, black death metal, everyone's gotta have some kind of little blanket. It's almost like a social standing. To me, it's all just straight heavy metal."

The band was formed from singer and guitarist Sammy Duet after Acid Bath, the old band that he was in, broke up. Louis Benjamin Falgoust II, lead singer of Soilent Green, guitarist Ben Stout, bassist Patrick Bruders, and drummer Zak Nolan later joined the band. The band released their debut studio album "The Eclipse of Ages into Black" was released in early 2000. The last album that they released on Noise Records was "Funeral Dirge for the Rotting Sun" in 2003. They moved to Metal Blade Records and released "A Haunting Curse" on September 5, 2006. Goatwhore performed at Ozzfest in 2008 and 2010. On June 23, 2009, Goatwhore released their fourth studio album "Carving out the Eyes of God".

The band was featured on the soundtrack to the Namco Bandai Games' 2010 video game "Splatterhouse". On March 10, 2014, the band announced that they had completed recording on their sixth album and it is set for release later in the year.




Rural Municipality of Brenda

Brenda is a rural municipality in the province of Manitoba in Western Canada. It is near the province's southern border with North Dakota. In 2011, it had a population of 469 people. Brenda covers an area of 766.00 km² (295.75 square miles). The main settlements within the rural municipality are Goodlands, Leighton, Medora, and Napinka.

Napinka

Napinka is an unincorporated community in southwestern Manitoba, Canada. The village was founded in 1908. In 1986, it became part of the Rural Municipality of Brenda.

Western Canada

Western Canada is a region of Canada. The region includes the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Manitoba. The last three provinces are sometimes called the Prairie Provinces.

Sometimes "Western Canada" includes the territories of Yukon, Northwest Territories, and Nunavut. These territories are now often grouped as the distinct region of Northern Canada.

Northern Canada

Northern Canada, sometimes referred to by Canadians as simply the North, is the vast northernmost region of Canada. The term refers to the three territories of Canada: Yukon, Northwest Territories, and Nunavut. Other parts of Northern Canada may include Northern Quebec and Northern Labrador.

Labrador, Canada

Labrador is the part of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador in Canada that is on the mainland. The Strait of Belle Isle to the east is between it and the island of Newfoundland in Atlantic Canada. To the south and west is the province of Quebec.

Not many people live in Labrador; in fact, only 8% of the population of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador lives in it, even though Labrador is twice as big as Newfoundland. Until the 1950s, most of the people who lived there were Aboriginals. Then some Europeans immigrated to the area and worked as merchants; these people were once called Settlers.


Roman conquest of Britain

The Roman conquest of Britain began in AD 43 under Emperor Claudius. His general Aulus Plautius became first Governor of Roman Britain (). 

Britain had been the target of invasions by the Roman Republic and Roman Empire. It had diplomatic and trading links with the Romans after Julius Caesar's expeditions in 55 and 54 BC. Roman economic and cultural influence was already part of the British late pre-Roman Iron Age, in the south.

Between 55 BC and the 40s AD, Britain was not invaded. Augustus prepared invasions in 34 BC, 27 BC and 25 BC. The first and third were called off due to revolts elsewhere in the empire, the second because the Britons seemed ready to come to terms. Strabo's "Geography", written during this period, says that Britain paid more in customs and duties than could be raised by taxation if the island were conquered.

By the 40s AD, the political situation in Britain was apparently in some chaos. Caligula planned a campaign against the Britons in 40, but it never happened. Caligula's preparations made Claudius' invasion possible three years later. For example, Caligula built a lighthouse at (modern Boulogne-sur-Mer) that provided a model for the one built soon after at Dover.

List of regions of Canada

There are two kinds of regions in Canada: those formed at the national level and sometimes used for the Canadian Senate, and those used within the provinces and territories.

Although these regions have no official status or defined boundaries the Provinces and territories are sometimes informally grouped into the following regions (generally from west to east):
Other regions are:

Seats in the Senate are equally divided among four regions: Maritimes, Quebec, Ontario, and the West, with special status for Newfoundland and Labrador, and Northern Canada ("the North").

The provinces and territories are all sub-divided into regions for a variety of official and unofficial purposes. In some provinces, the regions are used for political purposes. In others, they are just geographic areas.
















Lethal Injection (album)

Lethal Injection is the fourth studio album by rapper Ice Cube, released on December 7, 1993. Similar to his earlier albums, "Lethal Injection" was a chart success. It debuted at #5 on the "Billboard" 200, but was criticized for what some saw as toning down of political content. Several singles, including "You Know How We Do It", became popular.

Corduroy

Corduroy is a strong fabric. It is made of twisted fibers. When woven, the fibers are parallel to one another in ridges. This makes the corduroy look striped. Corduroy is used to make clothing, including trousers, jackets and shirts. It is also used for furniture, including couches.

The ridges in the fabric are called "wales". Corduroy can have from 1.5 to 21 wales per inch. It usually has between 10 and 12 wales per inch. Corduroy with fewer wales per inch is more often used to make trousers and for furniture. Corduroy with more wales per inch is usually used for clothing worn above the waist.

Some people think the word "corduroy" comes from the French words "corde du roi" ("the cord of the King"). There is no evidence that this is true.

Other names are used for corduroy. Some of those names are corded velveteen, elephant cord, pin cord, Manchester cloth and cords.

In continental Europe, corduroy is often called "Manchester" or "Cord".

Ucluelet

Ucluelet is a district municipality in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Ucluelet is found on the Ucluelet Peninsula on the west coast of Vancouver Island. The name Ucluelet means "people of the safe harbour" in the native Nuu-chah-nulth (Nootka) language. The population of Ucluelet was 1,627 in 2011. The mayor of Ucluelet is Bill Irving.


Death Certificate (album)

Death Certificate was the second studio album from Ice Cube after he left N.W.A. It started at #2 on the "Billboard" 200. 

The album was very controversial because of Ice Cube's statements on drug dealing, racial profiling and the right to bear and keep firearms.

The song "No Vaseline" was a criticism against his former fellow rappers.

It was released on October 29, 1991.

OS X Yosemite

OS X Yosemite (version 10.10) is the eighth important version of OS X. OS X is Apple's computer operating system. It was announced at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2014 on June 2, 2014. It was released to developers and beta testers on that same day. It was released to everyone on October 16, 2014. OS X Yosemite is named after Yosemite National Park in California.

Julio Silva Solar

Julio Silva Solar (8 June 1926 – 28 June 2014) was a Chilean politician and lawyer. Solar served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile from 1965 to 1973. He then served as President of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile from 9 September 1969 to 16 September 1969.

Solar died in Santiago, Chile from a heart attack, aged 88.

Son of Julio Silva Vargas and Mercedes Solar Ruiz-Tagle. He completed his primary and secondary studies at the schools of the French Fathers in Viña del Mar and the Sponsorship of San José in Santiago. After finishing his school years at college San Ignacio, he entered the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile, being sworn in as a lawyer in 1951. At this time, he was president of the National Confederation of University Students in 1951.

In the workplace, he practiced his profession in the Social Security Service. In addition, he was a collaborator in press organs and magazines, especially in the newspapers and magazines Última Hora, El Imparcial, Política y Espíritu and Panorama político.

Married to Gloria Montes Brunet, he had 2 children: Gloria and Julio Silva Montes.


Olean, New York

Olean is a city in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. It had a population of 13,937 as of 2020. It was founded in March 1808.

William O'Dwyer

William O'Dwyer (July 11, 1890November 24, 1964) was an American politician. He was the 100th Mayor of New York City. He was mayor from January 1946 to August 1950.


Hell Awaits

Hell Awaits is the second studio album by American thrash metal band, Slayer. "Hell Awaits" was released in March 1985. The album was released through Metal Blade Records.

"Hell Awaits" features Slayer's most progressive and diverse work compared to their older releases. According to guitarist Kerry King, he and Jeff Hanneman were into Mercyful Fate at that time and that led them to do longer and more progressive songs.

To promote the album, the band took part in the Combat Tour with Venom and Exodus. Exodus guitarist Gary Holt commented, "We immediately bonded with the Slayer guys. It was two bands of friends playing with one band of heroes, you know? We were just star-struck." Gary Holt later joined the band in 2015.

Assis (footballer, born 1952)

Benedito de Assis da Silva (November 11, 1952 – July 6, 2014), commonly known as Assis was a Brazilian footballer. He played for Fluminense. He was working as a manager for Fluminense's youth team until his death in 2014.


Assis died on July 6, 2014 due to multiple organ failure at the age of 61.

Dolores Claman

Dolores Claman (July 6, 1927 – July 17, 2021) was a Canadian composer and pianist. She was best known for composing the theme song, known simply as "The Hockey Theme", for "Hockey Night in Canada", a song often thought as Canada's second national anthem. She composed in 1968.

Claman died on July 17, 2021 from problems caused by dementia in Spain, almost two weeks after her 94th birthday.

L. Q. Jones

L. Q. Jones (born Justice Ellis McQueen Jr.; August 19, 1927 – July 9, 2022) was an American character actor and movie director. He was known for his roles in some movies directed by Sam Peckinpah. He starred in "The Wild Bunch", "Hang 'Em High", "Ride the High Country", "Battle Cry", and in "Casino".

Jones died on July 9, 2022 at his home in Los Angeles, California at the age of 94.

Sam Peckinpah

David Samuel "Sam" Peckinpah (February 21, 1925 – December 28, 1984) was an American movie director and screenwriter. He is known for his work in the 1969 movie "The Wild Bunch". He also directed "Straw Dogs" (1971), "Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid" (1973) and "Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia" (1974). He also appeared as an actor in the 1979 movie "The Visitor".

Inglewood, California

Inglewood is a city in southwestern Los Angeles County, California, United States. It is southwest of downtown Los Angeles. It was incorporated on February 14, 1908. Its population was 107,762 at the 2020 U.S. Census. The city is in the South Bay region of the greater Los Angeles area. Inglewood has The Forum and SoFi Stadium 


Interface

An interface or shell is what the user uses on an operating system to make the computer do tasks, like writing a document, or loading a web page. There are two types of interfaces, a command line interface (CLI for short) - where people write commands to make the computer perform tasks, or a graphical user interface (GUI for short), where people use their Computer mouse to click on buttons to perform tasks.

"See Command line interface."

Command line interfaces ask the user to type in commands in a text-based environment, not allowing images, like the screen image to the right.

For example, if the user wanted the computer to say "Hello World", he or she would:

This is hard to use for most people, mostly because when the user has to do a long command, he or she can miss a letter or two, so the computer shows an error, and he or she has to do it all over again, which can waste hours.
"See Graphical user interface."

Graphical user interfaces are instead made of not only text, but also images. The first computer to do this was the Apple Lisa (1983).

The following operating systems can use graphical user interfaces:
Since the top operating systems (listed above) use graphical user interfaces, they are seen on every computer. Anyone can still use a command line interface on any computer very easily.


Gordon Ramsay

Gordon James Ramsay (; born 8 November 1966) is a British chef, restaurateur, and television personality. He is known for his television cooking shows where he helps restaurants improve. He was awarded an OBE by Queen Elizabeth II in 2006.

He used to be a Scottish League footballer. However Ramsay was forced to retire from professional football when he was 18 due to suffering a serious knee injury. He instead focused on cooking. He is married to his wife Tana (Nee Hutcheson) with who he has six children and who he married in 1996. He is well known for his fiery demeanour by swearing constantly and loudly berating people in his television programmes whenever they make mistakes.

Ramsay's flagship restaurant, the "Restaurant Gordon Ramsay" in Chelsea, London, has three Michelin stars, and has had them since 2001. He has invested in several other restaurants, trained their chefs and designed their menus. His restaurants have been awarded 16 Michelin stars in total and currently hold 7.

Ramsay has appeared as a judge on "MasterChef USA". He also presented "The F Word" and . He also has his own shows including:


Bessemer, Michigan

Bessemer is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 1,805. It is the county seat of Gogebic County.

South of Heaven

South of Heaven is the fourth studio album by American thrash metal band, Slayer. "South of Heaven" was released on July 5, 1988. The album was released through Def Jam. It is the second collaboration with record producer Rick Rubin.

The album is their second to enter the Billboard 200 and was their last album that was released under Def Jam Recordings. Guitarist Jeff Hanneman has said that the album was the only album that the band members had discussed before writing the music. They knew that they "couldn't top Reign in Blood", and that whatever they recorded would be "compared to that album", he believed they "had to slow down", something the band had never done on albums before, or since.

Guitarist Kerry King mentioned the need to "keep people guessing" as another reason for the musical shift. According to Slayer's official biography: "In order to contrast the aggressive assault put forth on Reign in Blood, Slayer consciously slowed down the tempo of the album as a whole". "They also added elements like undistorted guitars and toned-down vocal styles not heard on previous albums."

Zviad Gamsakhurdia

Zviad Gamsakhurdia (, tr. "Zviad K'onst'ant'ines dze Gamsakhurdia"; , tr. "Zviad Konstantinovich Gamsakhurdiya"; March 31, 1939 — December 31, 1993) was a Georgian scientist and writer. He became the first democratically elected President of Georgia in the post-Soviet era.

Eduard Shevardnadze

Eduard Shevardnadze (; , tr. "Eduard Amvrosiyevich Shevardnadze"; 25 January 1928 - 7 July 2014) was a Georgian politician. He was a former Soviet minister of foreign affairs. He served as President of Georgia from November 1995 to November 2003.


Nino Burjanadze

Nino Burjanadze (Georgian: ნინო ბურჯანაძე, also romanized Burdzhanadze or Burdjanadze, born 16 July 1964) is a Georgian politician and lawyer. She served as the acting President of Georgia two times from 2003 to 2004 and again from 2007 to 2008. She announced in 2013 that she will run for president in the upcoming elections. 

Tengiz Sigua

Tengiz Sigua (9 November 1934 – 21 January 2020) was a Georgian politician. He served as Prime Minister of Georgia from November 1992 to August 1993.

Otar Patsatsia

Otar Patsatsia () (May 15, 1929 – December 9, 2021) was a Georgian politician. He served as the country's Prime Minister from August 20, 1993 to October 5, 1995.

Andrew Mango

Andrew James Alexander Mango (14 June 1926 – 6 July 2014) was a Turkish-British writer and photographer. He worked for the BBC until his retirement in 1986. He was a press office for the British Embassy in London. He spent many years writing about Atatürk.


Bora Todorović

Borivoje "Bora" Todorović (Serbian Cyrillic: Боривоје "Бора" Тодоровић) (November 5, 1929 – July 7, 2014) was an Serbian actor. He was known for his roles in "Who's That Singing Over There" (1980), "The Marathon Family" (1982), "Balkan Express" (1983), "Balkanski Špijun" ("Balkan Spy", 1984), "Time of the Gypsies" (1988), and "Underground" (1995). 

Volkmar Groß

Volkmar Groß (31 January 1948 – 3 July 2014) was a German football player. He spent seven seasons in the Bundesliga with Hertha BSC, Tennis Borussia Berlin and FC Schalke 04. He represented Germany against Greece. 

Michael Apted

Michael David Apted, (10 February 1941 – 7 January 2021) was a British director, producer, writer and actor. He directed James Bond movie "The World is Not Enough". He was known for directing "Amazing Grace" and "".

Apted died at his home in Los Angeles on 7 January 2021, at the age of 79.


My Plague

"My Plague" is the third single off American metal band Slipknot's second studio album "Iowa". The song was released on July 8, 2002.

There was a remix for the song called "New Abuse Mix" that was featured on the soundtrack to the 2002 movie "Resident Evil". the remix cut a screamed layer of vocals and replaced it with a more monotone, drone-like sounding layer.

The new version was cut by approximately 00:37 seconds by removing the transitional ""Kill you, fuck you, I will never be you"" section. Some of the profanities were also replaced with less offensive phrases; like the phrase ""...the everyday bullshit things that you have done"" was changed to, ""...the everyday abusive things that you have done"" and ""You fucking touch me, I will rip you apart..."" was replaced with ""...and if you touch me, I will rip you apart..."". The whole second verse of the chorus was removed.

In 2003, the song was nominated for a Grammy Award in the Best Metal Performance category but it lost to Korn's "Here to Stay".


The Specialist

The Specialist is a 1994 American action thriller movie. Sylvester Stallone plays Ray. Sharon Stone plays May Munro. This movie is about a former CIA agent getting mixed up in violence, drugs and deception. It is set in Colombia and Miami.

Many critics did not like the movie. Its box office intake, however, was positive. The movie was released on October 7, 1994.


Marek Jakóbczak

Marek Jakóbczak (1970 – 27 June 2014) was a Polish footballer. He graduated from a small club in Warsaw Pharmacy Tarchomin. He played with the teams Polonia Warsaw, Radomiak Radom, Steel Steel Will, Petrochemical Plock, GKS Belchatow-ie, Jagiellonia Bialystok, Silesia, Wroclaw and Israeli Hapoel Beit She'an. He had played 49 matches in the league and scored 9 goals.

Jakóbczak died in Warsaw, Poland from lung cancer, aged 44.

Tymon Mabaleka

Tymon Mabaleka (1950 – 27 June 2014) was a Zimbabwean footballer and music producer. He was nicknamed "The Whitehorse". His career lasted for nearly twenty years in sports and another fifteen years in the music industry.

Mabaleka was born in Nswazi in Umzingwane District. He attended Losikeyi Primary School in Bulawayo. He studied at Mpopoma High School and later moved to Mzilikazi High School.

He played for the Highlanders FC. In 1973, the Highlanders won Chibuku Trophy. He retired in 1982 to become a music producer. He worked for Gallo Records.

Mabaleka died in Harare, Zimbabwe from unknown causes, aged 64 or 65. He is survived by his wife, Josephine Mabaleka. He was buried in Harare the next day.


Robert A. M. Stern

Robert Arthur Morton Stern, usually credited as Robert A. M. Stern (born May 23, 1939), is an American architect. He is currently the Dean of the Yale School of Architecture. He is known for his works 15 Central Park West, Comcast Center, and the Norman Rockwell Museum. His buildings are mostly postmodernism.

Margaret Fulton

Margaret Isobel Fulton OAM (10 October 1924 – 24 July 2019) was a Scottish-born Australian food and cooking 'guru', writer, journalist, author, and commentator. She was the first of this genre of writers in Australia. She was born in Nairn, Scotland. Fulton's best known work was writing "The Margaret Fulton Cookbook" and for hosting "Recipes from the Duchess of Duke Street".

Fulton was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia in the 1983 Queen's Birthday Honours "In recognition of service to the media as a journalist and writer in the field of cookery".

Fulton died on 24 July 2019 at the age of 94.


Alan Alan

Alan Alan (born Alan Rabinowitz; 30 November 1926 - 4 July 2014) was a British escapologist and magician. He was known for creating the escape from straight jacket stunt. He performed a buried alive trick that almost killed him. He appeared in a number of television magic shows, including "The Magic of David Copperfield".

C. J. Henderson

Chris "C.J." Henderson (December 26, 1951 – July 4, 2014) was an American writer. He wrote books of horror and hardboiled crime fiction genres. He also comic books and was influenced by Stan Lee. Henderson was known for creating the Jack Hagee detective series and his supernatural detective Teddy London series.

Henderson died in Brooklyn, New York from cancer, aged 62.

Typhoon Neoguri (2014)

Typhoon Neoguri (or Typhoon Florita) was a strong tropical cyclone in the western Pacific Ocean. The storm developed in early July 2014 and was labeled "Neoguri" by the Japan Meteorological Agency. Later on July 4, "Neoguri" was upgraded to typhoon level. The storm then intensified.

Certain areas around Japan were put on alert because of the storm.

Radivoj Lazić

Radivoj Lazić (born 1 August 1953 in Kikinda) is a Serbian musician, clarinettist, teacher, composer, painter and children's writer.

Radivoj was born on August 1st, 1953, in Kikinda (Banat, Voivodina). There he finished his elementary schooling. This was followed by two years of high school and basic studies of the clarinet. From 1971 to 1974 he attended the Music High school “Isidor Bajić” in Novi Sad with professor Mihajlo Kelbli. In 1974 he became a student of the Faculty of music in Belgrade with professor Bruno Brun. He graduated in 1979 with professor Milenko Stefanovic.

In 1978 he was appointed professor of clarinet at the Music school “Kosta Manojlović” in Zemun.

His pupils won several first and special prizes at the competitions in their country and abroad.

The Association of Music and Ballet pedagogues of Serbia awarded him a prize for outstanding educational results in the academic year 1994/95.

In collaboration with Vlastimir Peričić he wrote many compositions for clarinet, from beginner to highly-professional level. They have been performed worldwide. He has devoted some 30 books to clarinet and published 22.

The author’s works are:


Radivoj Lazić has written several books with pieces for other wind instruments accompanied by piano, such as: the oboe, flute, saxophone, trumpet and horn. 



Hutton Gibson

Hutton Peter "Red" Gibson (August 26, 1918 – May 11, 2020) or Red Hutton; was an American writer on Sedevacantism. He was a World War II veteran. In 1968, Gibson became a "Jeopardy!" grand champion. He was the father of 11 children, one of whom is the actor and director Mel Gibson.

In a 2003 interview he questioned how the Nazis could have disposed of six million bodies during the Holocaust and claimed that the September 11, 2001 attacks were done by remote control. He has also been quoted as saying the Second Vatican Council was "a Masonic plot backed by the Jews".

Gibson died on May 11, 2020 at a hospital in Thousand Oaks, California, aged 101.



Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania

Westmoreland County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 354,663. The county seat is Greensburg.

Greensburg, Pennsylvania

Greensburg is a city and county seat of Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania. It has a population of 14,976 as of 2020. The ZIP code of Greensburg is 15601. It is southeast of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Sedevacantism

Sedevacantism is the position, held by a small group of Traditionalist Catholics, that the person in the papal see right now is not truly pope and that, for lack of a good pope, the see has been empty since the death of Pope Pius XII in 1958.

Warren, Tyler County, Texas

Warren is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Tyler County, Texas, United States. Its ZIP code is 77664.

Warren City, Texas

Warren City is a city in Gregg and Upshur Counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 319 at the 2020 census.

Warren City has a total area of 1.8 square miles.

Francis Guinan

Francis V. Guinan Jr. (born November 17, 1951) is an American movie, television and stage actor. He is best known for his role as Edgar Teller in the short-lived NBC series "Eerie, Indiana".


M. Emmet Walsh

Michael Emmet Walsh (born March 22, 1935) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He has appeared in over 200 movies and television series. He is known for his roles in "The Jerk", "", "Killer Image", "Christmas with the Kranks" and in "Wild Wild West".

According to Roger Ebert's Stanton-Walsh Rule, "no movie featuring either Harry Dean Stanton or M. Emmet Walsh in a supporting role can be altogether bad." Ebert later conceded that this rule was broken by 1999's "Wild Wild West" (Walsh) and "Dream a Little Dream" (Stanton).

Ogdensburg, New York

Ogdensburg is a city in St. Lawrence County, New York, United States. The population was 10,064 at the 2020 census. The city is near the Canadian border. A bridge in Ogdensburg links Canada and the United States.

Ogdensburg, Wisconsin

Ogdensburg is a small village in Waupaca County, Wisconsin, United States. 

The population was 185 at the 2010 census.

Granville Austin

Granville Austin (1927 – 6 July 2014) was an American historian. He was known for helping draft the Indian Constitution. Austin is the author of two seminal political histories of the constitution of India, The Indian Constitution: Cornerstone of a Nation and Working a Democratic Constitution: The Indian Experience.

Austin was born in Norwich, Vermont. He died in Washington, D.C., aged 87.


Norwich, Vermont

Norwich is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States. It is located along the Connecticut River opposite Hanover, New Hampshire. The population was 3,612 at the 2020 census.

Hanover, New Hampshire

Hanover is a town along the Connecticut River in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 11,870 at the 2020 census.

Norwich, New York

Norwich is a city in Chenango County, New York, United States. It had a population of 7,051 as of 2020.

Love Affair (1994 movie)

Love Affair is a 1994 American romantic drama movie. It stars Warren Beatty as Mike Gambril and Annette Bening as Terry McKay. Katharine Hepburn played Ginny. This is her last known movie acting role.

This movie was released on October 21, 1994. The movie was considered a "major flop" at the box office.

It is a remake of "Love Affair" and "An Affair to Remember".

Pelagornis

Pelagornis is a genus of huge fossil birds. One species, "P. sandersi", is one of the largest bird ever found. Its wingspan was twice that of the largest Albatross. Its wingspan is estimated as about 6.4 to 7.4 metres. The fossil of this particular species is from the Oligocene stage, about 25 million years ago (mya).

The pelagornithids are an extinct group of birds known for bony tooth-like beak projections, large size, and highly modified wing bones. There are many questions about their ecology. The bird was capable of highly efficient gliding. That suggests it had a long-range marine soaring life-style similar to that of living albatross.

Several later species have been found, and they are not quite so large. The whole group died out about three million years ago.

2013–14 Bundesliga

The 2013–14 Bundesliga was the 51st season of the Fußball-Bundesliga, Germany's top football league. The season started on 9 August 2013 and ended on 10 May 2014. The defending champions were Bayern Munich. The champion was decided before the tournament ended. FC Bayern Munich won the tournament, with 90 points (a 19-point lead).

Below is the table for the 2013–14 Fußball-Bundesliga season. Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund and FC Schalke 04 directly qualified for the UEFA Champions League, while 1. FC Nuremberg and Eintracht Braunschweig were relegated to the 2. Bundesliga. Hamburger SV wasn't relegated because they won the relegation play-off match against SpVgg Greuther Fürth.

"As of 10 May 2014"

"As of 10 May 2014"


Pyrrharctia isabella

The Isabella tiger moth ("Pyrrharctia isabella") lives in temperate and cold northern regions, including the Arctic. 

Its caterpillar, the banded woollybear larva, overwinters and freezes solid. It produces a body fluid which helps its tissues avoid cold damage. In the spring it thaws out, emerges from its hibernaculum, eats, and grows in the short Arctic summer.

In temperate climates, this species has one or two broods depending on its location. In the Arctic, the warm period is so short that a woollybear feeds for several summers before it pupates. Each winter it freezes. A woollybear of another species lives through as many as 14 winters, before it pupates, and becomes an adult, having only a few-day mating period. 

El Zarqa

El Zarqa () is a city of 17,741 people (2005). It is found in Damietta Governorate, Egypt. The city president is Mamdouh Mohammed Hagrus.

José Gómez (cyclist)

José Gómez Lucas (9 January 1944 – 14 June 2014) was a Spanish Olympic cyclist. His career lasted from 1969 to 1975 and participated in amateur testing in highway Olympic Games Mexico in 1968, where he finished sixteenth. 

Lucas was born in Navalcarnero, Madrid, Spain.

As a professional, his most known victory was the Tour of Andalusia in 1970 besides winning a stage and overall at the Vuelta a Mallorca in 1971, the Klasika Spring in 1972 and a stage of the Tour of Aragon in 1972. He participated in the Tour de France in 1971 and in 1973, but dropped in both races.

Lucas died in Madrid, Spain from unknown causes, aged 70.

Fanchang County

Fanchang is a county. It's found in the province of Anhui in China. It is under the administration of Wuhu city.

Wuhu County

wuhu is a county. It's found in the province of Anhui in China. It is under the administration of Wuhu city.

Ben Pangelinan

Vincente C. "Ben" Pangelinan (June 9, 1956 – July 8, 2014) was an American-Guamanian politician and businessman.

He was born in Saipan, Guam. He received his bachelor's degree from Georgetown University. He was the president and owner of Group Pacific Suppliers.

He served in the Guam Legislature from 1994 until his death in 2014 as a Democrat. He died of cancer.

Yijiang District

Yijiang District is a district in the Anhui province of China. It is under the administration of Wuhu city.

Snyder, Texas

Snyder is a city in, and the county seat of Scurry County, Texas, United States. The population was 11,438 at the 2020 census.

Northridge, Los Angeles

Northridge is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California in the San Fernando Valley. It is the home of California State University, Northridge.

San Fernando Valley

The San Fernando Valley (known as "The Valley") is an urbanized valley in the Los Angeles metropolitan area of southern California. It has the mountains of the Transverse Ranges circling it. It is home to 1.8 million people. It lies north of the larger and more populous Los Angeles Basin.

Nearly two thirds of the Valley's land area is part of the City of Los Angeles. The other incorporated cities in the Valley are Glendale, Burbank, San Fernando, Hidden Hills, and Calabasas.


Calabasas, California

Calabasas is a city in northwestern Los Angeles County, California. It is located in the hills west of the San Fernando Valley and is in the northwest Santa Monica Mountains between Woodland Hills, Agoura Hills, West Hills, Hidden Hills and Malibu, California. As of the 2020 U.S. census, the city population was 23,241. Formerly an unincorporated area of Los Angeles County, the area was incorporated as a city in 1991.

San Fernando, California

San Fernando is a city located in the San Fernando Valley, in the northwestern region of Los Angeles County, California, United States.

Hidden Hills, California

Hidden Hills is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States, and a gated community. The population was 1,725 at the 2020 census. It is in the San Fernando Valley region.

Tower Town

Tower Town or Towertown was a district of Chicago around the Chicago Water Tower. It was known for its bohemian artists and nightlife in the 1920s. Bars and nightclubs included Chez Pierre, the Dil Pickle Club, Kelly's Stables, the Little Club, the Paradise Club and the Tent.

Long Lake, Illinois

Long Lake is a census-designated place (CDP) in Lake County, Illinois, United States. The population was 3,663 at the 2020 census.

Willowbrook, Will County, Illinois

Willowbrook is an unincorporated census-designated place in Will County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,346 at the 2020 census.

White Heath, Illinois

White Heath is an unincorporated census-designated place in Piatt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2020 census, its population was 251.

Dow, Illinois

Dow is an unincorporated community in Jersey County, Illinois, United States.

Luzon

Luzon is the largest island in the Philippines. It is in the northern section of the country. The capital of the Philippines, Manila, as well as other cities like Quezon City, are on the island.

As of the 2010 census, 48.5 million people lived on Luzon.

Medinah, Illinois

Medinah is an unincorporated community in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Illinois and is a suburb of Chicago. 

Medinah, largely located in DuPage County, it is between the villages of Roselle, Itasca, Bloomingdale, Elk Grove Village and Addison.

Andres, Illinois

Andres is an unincorporated community in Will County, Illinois, United States. It is located south of Frankfort, Illinois and a little west of Peotone on route 45.

Frankfort, Illinois

Frankfort is a village in Will and Cook counties, Illinois, United States. It is a suburb of Chicago. The population was 20,296 at the 2020 census.

Peotone, Illinois

Peotone is a village in Will County, Illinois, United States. The population was 4,150 at the 2020 census.

Sanshan District

Sanshan is a district in the province of Anhui in China. It is under the administration of Wuhu city.

Typhoon Megi (2010)

Typhoon Megi (called Juan in the Philippines) was a strong tropical cyclone in the western Pacific Ocean. It was one of the most intense tropical cyclones ever. The storm started on October 13, 2010. It became a typhoon the following day.

The storm first touched land on Luzon on October 18. Thirty-one people died. Damage was over $255 million (2010 USD).

The storm also affected Taiwan and southeastern China. Overall damage was $709 million. Almost 70 people were killed.

Megi had winds sustained at 185 mph.

Jinghu District

Jinghu is a district. It is in the province of Anhui, China. It is under the administration of Wuhu city.

Lujiang County

Lujiang is a county in the province of Anhui in China. It has a population of 1,200,000 and an area of 2,352 km².

Feixi County

Feixi is a county. It is in the province of Anhui, China. It is under the administration of Hefei city.

Feidong County

Feidong is a county in the province of Anhui, China. The county has a surface of 2,215.53 km² and a population of 861,960 people. It contains 18 towns and 2 development zones.

Changfeng County

Changfeng is a county in the province of Anhui in China. The county has a surface of 1,922.24 km² and a population of 629,535 people. It contains 9 towns, 6 townships, and a development zone.

Baohe District

Baohe is a district in the province of Anhui in China. The district has a surface of 294.94 km² and a population of 817,686 people. It contains 7 subdistricts and 2 towns.

Brazil v Germany (2014 FIFA World Cup)

Brazil v Germany, played on 8 July 2014, was an association football match played between Brazil and Germany in the semi-finals of the 2014 FIFA World Cup. Germany's 7–1 win was the largest in FIFA World Cup semi-final history. To some, it became known as the Miracle of Belo Horizonte. To others it was called the Mineirazo or "Mineiraço", comparing it with the famous "Maracanazo", in which Brazil lost an important game against Uruguay in the 1950 World Cup.

The team met for the second time in World Cup history, with the first game being the 2002 FIFA World Cup final. In the previous game against Colombia, Neymar suffered a fractured vertebra and Thiago Silva was banned due to him getting too many yellow cards in the tournament.

Malachi

Malachi, Malachias, Malache or Mal'achi was the writer of the Book of Malachi which is part of the Bible. This is the last book of the Neviim (prophets) section in the Jewish Tanakh. Malachi is not mentioned by Ezra, however, and he does not directly mention the restoration of the temple. The editors of the 1906 Jewish Encyclopedia think that he prophesied after Haggai and Zechariah (; , ). They believe he made his prophecies about 420 BC, after the second return of Nehemiah from Persia (Book of Nehemiah), or possibly before his return, comparing with ; with ).

Metallica: Through the Never

Metallica: Through the Never is a 2013 American IMAX thriller concert movie. The movie features the American heavy metal band Metallica. It was produced by Charlotte Huggins. The movie was directed by Nimród Antal. "Through the Never" was first shown at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 9, 2013 and was released in North American on September 27, 2013. It was the first movie to be released under New Line Cinema's Picturehouse which was shut down in 2008. The name of the movie shares it's name with the song "Through the Never" from Metallica's 1991 self-titled album.

The movie is about the adventure of Trip (Dane DeHaan) as he is sent on an urgent mission. It is put together with concert footage from a set of concerts Metallica played in Vancouver and Edmonton, Alberta in August 2012. The movie gained positive reviews from critics and hold a 78% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.



Dropkick Murphys

Dropkick Murphys is an American Celtic punk band from Quincy, Massachusetts. The band has currently has seven members. The members are Ken Casey, Matt Kelly, Al Barr, James Lynch, Tim Brennan, Josh "Scruffy" Wallace, and Jeff DaRosa. The band made a name for themselves locally after frequent touring and yearly St. Patrick's Day week shows that were held in and around Boston.

The band released their later album "Signed and Sealed in Blood" on January 8, 2013.

The band started in 1996 in Quincy, Massachusetts and was made up of lead vocalist Mike McColgan, bassist/vocalist Ken Casey, guitarist Rick Barton, and drummer Jeff Erna. Erna was later replaced the next year by Matt Kelly. The band is named after professional wrestler Dr. John "Dropkick" Murphy. The band first started playing in the basement of a friend's barbershop and soon began to tour and record music. The band's first big break was when the were selected by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones to be the opening act for their 1997 tour in support of "Let's Face It".
The band released a series of EPs before they were signed to Hellcat Records. They released their debut studio album "Do or Die" on January 27, 1998. The album was produced by Lars Frederiksen of Rancid. Lead singer Mike McColgan would leave the band later in the year to become a Boston firefighter (He returned to the punk scene later as the singer of the Street Dogs).





Shushan District

Shushan is a district in the province of Anhui in China. The district has a population of 1,022,321 inhabitants. It contains 8 subdistricts and two towns.

Yaohai District

Yaohai is a district in the province of Anhui in China. The district has 902,830 people. It contains 1 township, 1 town, 10 subdistricts, 1 industrial park, and 1 development zone.

Luyang District

Luyang is a district in the province of Anhui in China. It has 609,239 people.

He County

He is a county in the province of Anhui in China. It has a population of 650,000 people.

Hanshan County

Hanshan is a county in the province of Anhui in China. It has a population of 440,000 people.

Dangtu County

Dangtu is a county in the province of Anhui in China. It is the only county under the jurisdiction of Ma'anshan City.

Bowang District

Bowang is a district in the province of Anhui in China. It was created in September 2012 by splitting off the three towns of Bowang, Danyang, and Xinshi from Dangtu County.

Yushan District

Yushan is a district in the province of Anhui in China. It is under the administration of Ma'anshan city.

Huashan District

Huashan is a district in the province of Anhui in China. It is under the administration of Ma'anshan city.

John V. Evans

John Victor Evans, Sr. (January 18, 1925 – July 8, 2014) was an American politician. He was the 27th Governor of Idaho. He was governor for nearly ten years, from 1977 to 1987.


Robert J. Bentley

Robert Julian Bentley (born February 3, 1943) is an American politician and medical doctor. Bentley is the 53rd Governor of Alabama serving from 2011 through 2017. A member of the Republican Party, Bentley was elected Governor in 2010 and was sworn in on January 17, 2011. He resigned on April 10, 2017.

On April 5, 2016, Republican State Representative Ed Henry filed an impeachment resolution against Bentley in the State Legislature, in connection with allegations that Bentley engaged in an extramarital affair with a female political adviser. Bentley has admitted to making inappropriate remarks toward the woman, but denied having a physical affair.

On July 7, 2016, the House Judiciary Committee named a special counsel to lead the investigation into the impeachment charges against the governor. On April 5, 2017, the Ethics Commission found probable cause that Bentley violated both ethics and campaign finance laws.

Bentley resigned on April 10, 2017.

Rick Scott

Richard Lynn "Rick" Scott (born December 1, 1952) is an American politician and businessman. He is the junior United States Senator of Florida since January 8, 2019. He was the 45th Governor of Florida from 2011 to 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party.

In April 2018, Scott announced his plans to run for the United States Senate against current Senator Bill Nelson. In August 2018, Scott won the Republican nomination and soon won the general election.

Nathan Deal

John Nathan Deal (born August 25, 1942) is an American politician. He was the 82nd Governor of Georgia from January 2011 to January 2019.

He was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives as a Democratic Party candidate in 1992, but switched to the Republican Party in 1995.

On March 1, 2010, Deal announced his resignation from Congress to run for governor of Georgia.

Deal's ancestors came to Georgia from Tennessee. Most were farmers in the Bulloch County area, such as the Brannens. Like fellow Georgia governors Sonny Perdue and Brian Kemp, Deal's ancestors in Georgia owned slaves.

From 1966 until her death in 2022, he was married to teacher Sandra Dunagan. They had two children.

Butch Otter

Clement Leroy "Butch" Otter (born May 3, 1942) is an American politician. He was the 32nd Governor of Idaho from January 2007 to January 2019.

He is a member of the Republican Party. Otter served as Lieutenant Governor of Idaho from 1987 to 2001 and as the United States Representative for Idaho's 1st congressional district from 2001 to 2007.

Mike Pence

Michael Richard Pence (born June 7, 1959) is an American politician and attorney. He was the 48th vice president of the United States from 2017 to 2021 under Donald Trump. Before becoming vice president, he served as the 50th governor of Indiana from 2013 to 2017. 

Pence was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 2001 to 2013. He also chaired the House Republican Conference from 2009 to 2011. Pence is a longtime supporter of the Tea Party movement. He is a Republican. 

On July 14, 2016, Donald Trump's campaign said that Pence would be Trump's choice for running mate in the 2016 presidential election. The Trump-Pence campaign went on to defeat the Clinton-Kaine campaign in the general election on November 8, 2016. Pence was inaugurated as Vice President of the United States on January 20, 2017.

On November 7, 2020 the Trump-Pence campaign lost their re-election bid to former Vice President Joe Biden and U.S. Senator Kamala Harris following the 2020 election. After the election Trump falsely claimed the election was corrupt and wanted Pence to overturn the election results. Pence did not do this and voted to certify Biden as the winner on January 6, 2021 in the aftermath of the United States Capitol attack.

In June 2023, Pence announced his campaign for President of the United States in the 2024 election. However, after low polling numbers, Pence ended his campaign on October 28, 2023.

Pence was born at Columbus Regional Hospital in Columbus, Indiana, He was one of six children of Nancy Jane (née Cawley) and Edward J. Pence, Jr. His family were Irish Catholic Democrats.

Pence graduated from Columbus North High School in 1977. He earned a B.A. in History from Hanover College in 1981 and a J.D. from the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law in 1986.

After graduating from law school in 1986, Pence worked as an attorney in private practice. He continued to practice law following his second unsuccessful run for Congress.

In November 2000, Pence was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in Indiana's 2nd Congressional District after six-year incumbent David M. McIntosh (1995–2001) opted to run for governor of Indiana.

On November 8, 2006, Pence announced his candidacy for leader of the Republican Party (minority leader) in the United States House of Representatives. Pence's release announcing his run for minority leader focused on a "return to the values" of the 1994 Republican Revolution. On November 17, Pence lost to Representative John Boehner of Ohio by a vote of 168–27–1 (the one vote went to Representative Joe Barton of Texas).

Pence served for a time as the chairman of the Republican Study Committee. His Committee assignments in the U.S. House included: Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Middle East and South Asia (Vice Chair); Judiciary, Subcommittee on the Constitution (Vice Chair), and Subcommittee on Intellectual Property, Competition, and the Internet.

While in Congress, Pence belonged to the Tea Party Caucus. Pence also belonged to the Congressional Internet Caucus, International Conservation Caucus, and Sportsmen's Caucus.

After the November 2010 election, Pence announced that he would not run for re-election as the Republican Conference Chairman. On May 5, 2011, Pence announced that he would seek the Republican nomination for Governor of Indiana in 2012.

On November 6, 2012, Pence won the gubernatorial election, defeating Democratic nominee John R. Gregg and Libertarian nominee Rupert Boneham. 

Pence became the 50th Governor of Indiana on January 14, 2013.

Pence made tax reform, namely a 10% income-tax rate cut, a priority for 2013.

On March 26, 2015, Pence signed Indiana Senate Bill 101, also known as the Indiana "religious objections" bill (RFRA), into law. The law's signing was met with widespread criticism by people and groups who felt the law was carefully worded in a way that would permit discrimination against LGBT persons.

As of March 2016, Pence has attempted unsuccessfully to prevent Syrian refugees from being resettled in Indiana.

Pence is running for a second term as governor. He was unopposed in the May 3, 2016, Republican primary for governor. He faces Democrat John Gregg, former Speaker of the Indiana House of Representatives, in a rematch of the 2012 race. Early reports on July 14 suggest Pence is likely to be announced as the VP candidate on July 15.

In July 2016, Trump said that there was three people on his running mate shortlist: Chris Christie, Newt Gingrich and Pence himself. On July 14, 2016, it was reported that Trump selected Pence as his running mate. On July 15, 2016, Trump announced on his Twitter that Pence would be his running mate. He made a formal announcement in New York City on July 16, 2016.

Trump would go on to defeat Clinton in the general election making Pence the vice president-elect of the United States.

Pence was inaugurated as the 48th vice president of the United States after being sworn in by Associate Justice Clarence Thomas on January 20, 2017.

On January 27, 2017, Pence spoke at the March for Life in Washington D.C., becoming the first vice president and the highest ranking United States official to ever speak at the annual event.

Following the Trump-supporter storming of the United States Capitol on January 6, 2021 many politicians and lawyers wanted Pence to use the 25th amendment of the United States Constitution to remove Trump from office.

Despite Trump's wanting to overturn the election results, Pence, as President of the Senate certified the Biden–Harris ticket as the winner of the election. He was criticized by Trump and threatened with violence by some of Trump's supporters, especially during the U.S. Capitol attack, for not trying to overturn the election results.

Pence's term as vice president ended on January 20, 2021. He was replaced by Kamala Harris as vice president.

Since leaving office, Pence was speculated that he would run for president because of his criticisms of former President Donald Trump, especially over his handling of the Capitol riots. In June 2023, Pence filed paperwork to run for President of the United States in the 2024 election. Pence ended his campaign on October 28, 2023 after low polling numbers.

Pence and his wife Karen Pence have been married since 1985. They have three children: Michael, Charlotte, and Audrey. Pence is a born-again Christian. His brother, Greg, is the member of the United States House of Representatives.

In May 2021, the Pences bought a home north of Indianapolis.

In April 2021, Pence had heart surgery to have a pacemaker implanted to help stop his slow heart rate.



Paul LePage

Paul Richard LePage (born October 9, 1948) is an American businessman and Republican Party politician. He served as the 74th Governor of Maine from 2011 to 2019.

In April 2020, LePage announced his candidacy for governor, running against Governor Janet T. Mills in the 2022 election. He lost the election in November 2022.

He was the mayor of Waterville from 2003 to 2011, and was a city councilor prior to that. He worked as general manager of the 14-store discount chain Marden's Surplus and Salvage from 1996 until 2011.

Brian Sandoval

Brian Edward Sandoval (born August 5, 1963) is an American politician. He was the 29th Governor of the U.S. state of Nevada from 2011 to 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party. Sandoval is a former judge of the United States District Court for the District of Nevada.

Pat McCrory

Patrick Lloyd "Pat" McCrory (born October 17, 1956) is an American politician. He was the 74th Governor of North Carolina from 2013 to 2017. He served a record 14 years as the 53rd Mayor of Charlotte from 1995 to 2009, and as a city councilman from 1989 to 1995. In 2016, McCroy lost his re-election bid to Democrat Roy Cooper.

In April 2021, McCrory announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2022 election to replace retiring Republican Senator Richard Burr. He lost the Republic nomination to Ted Budd in May 2022.

Jack Dalrymple

John Stewart "Jack" Dalrymple III (born October 16, 1948) is an American politician and businessman. He was the 32nd Governor of North Dakota from 2010 to 2016.

He was previously the 36th Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota from 2000 until December 2010. He assumed the office of Governor when then-Governor John Hoeven resigned and Dalrymple succeeded him. He has also served as a state representative, and ran for the U.S. Senate twice.

Dennis Daugaard

Dennis Martin Daugaard (pronounced "DEW-guard"; born June 11, 1953) is an American politician. He was the 32nd Governor of South Dakota from January 2011 to January 2019.

Bill Haslam

William Edward "Bill" Haslam (born August 23, 1958) is an American politician. He was the 49th Governor of Tennessee. A member of the Republican Party, Haslam was elected Governor in 2010 and was sworn in on January 15, 2011.

Gary Herbert

Gary Richard Herbert (born May 7, 1947) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party.

In August 2009, Herbert became the 17th Governor of Utah. He left office on January 4, 2021.

Vincent C. Gray

Vincent Condol Gray (born November 8, 1942) is an American politician. He served as the seventh Mayor of the District of Columbia from 2011 to 2015. Gray served as Chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia, and as Councilmember for Ward 7. In the 1990s he also served as director of the DC Department of Human Services.

On April 1, 2014, he was defeated in the Democratic primary by future Mayor Muriel Bowser.

American Fork, Utah

American Fork is a city in Utah County, Utah. It is north of Utah Lake and northeast of Provo. The population was 33,337 at the 2020 census.

Josh Earnest

Josh Earnest (born March 10, 1977) is an American politician. He was the White House Assistant for Barack Obama. In June 2014, Earnest became White House Press Secretary succeeding Jay Carney.

Lolo Matalasi Moliga

Lolo Letalu Matalasi Moliga (born 1949) is an American Samoan politician, former educator, businessman, and former President of the Development Bank of American Samoa (DBAS) from 2009 to 2012. Moliga was a candidate for Governor of American Samoa in the 2012 election which he won. He left office in 2021.

Eddie Calvo

Eddie Baza Calvo (born August 29, 1961) is an American Guamanian politician. He was the Governor of the United States territory of Guam from 2011 to 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party. His father, Paul McDonald Calvo, also served as governor of Guam from 1979 through 1983.

Calvo was a five-term Senator within the Legislature of Guam. He became the Governor of Guam, having defeated Democrat Carl Gutierrez in the 2010 gubernatorial election.

Eloy Inos

Eloy Songao Inos (September 26, 1949 – December 28, 2015) was an American politician. He was born in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. Inos, a member of the Republican Party, was the Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands. He previously served as Lieutenant Governor.

Inos died on December 28, 2015 in Seattle, Washington while recovering from open heart surgery at the age of 66.

Alejandro García Padilla

Alejandro Javier García Padilla (born August 3, 1971) is a Puerto Rican politician. He was the Governor of Puerto Rico from 2013 to 2017. He was elected governor in January 2013.

John de Jongh

John Percy de Jongh, Jr. (born 13 November 1957) is an American politician. He was the Governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands from 2007 to 2015. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Paint Creek, Texas

Paint Creek is an unincorporated community in southeast Haskell County, Texas, United States, in north central Texas.

Cypress, California

Cypress is a suburb city in the northern region of Orange County in Southern California. Its population was 50,151 at the 2020 census.

John Stamos

John Phillip Stamos ( ; born on August 19, 1963) is an American actor, singer and musician. He is best known for his work in television, especially in his role as Jesse Katsopolis on the ABC sitcom "Full House" and as Dr. Tony Gates in the medical drama "ER".


Don Stark

Donald "Don" Stark (born July 5, 1954) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Bob Pinciotti on the long-running Fox Network sitcom "That '70s Show" for all eight seasons (1998-2006) and as fictional Los Angeles Devils owner Oscar Kinkade in "Hit the Floor". He also has an extensive background in dancing, bodybuilding and martial arts.

Cypress, Texas

Cypress is an unincorporated community in Harris County, Texas, United States. It is also a suburb of Houston, Texas. As of 2020, the population was at 184,851 people. It includes neighborhoods such as Coles Crossing, and has schools such as Farney Elementary, Goodson Middle School, Spillane Middle School, and Cy-Woods High School. The main school district for this area is Cypress Fairbanks Independent School District.

UEFA Euro 1996

The UEFA Euro 1996 was the 10th UEFA European Football Championship tournament. Its formal name was the "1996 UEFA European Football Championship". It was held in 8 June to 30 June. All the European football teams could compete. The defending champion was Denmark. The tournament was hosted in England. 16 teams were qualified for the final group stage. The winner of the tournament was Germany after defeating Czech Republic.

Qualification began in September 1994 and ended in December 1995. The following teams qualified:

"Czech Republic was placed on top of Italy because of their previous match against each other (2 – 1)"

David Azrieli

David Joshua Azrieli, (; May 10, 1922 – July 9, 2014) was a Polish-born Canadian-Israeli real estate tycoon, developer, designer, architect, and philanthropist.

He had an estimated net worth of $US 3.1 billion (as of March 2013). Forbes ranked Azrieli as the 9th wealthiest Canadian and 401st in the world.

He died on July 9, 2014 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, aged 92.

Weston, Massachusetts

Weston is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States in the Boston metro area. The population of Weston, as of the 2020 U.S. Census, was 11,851.

Adam Wood

Adam Kenneth Compton Wood (born 13 March 1955) is a retired British diplomat. He is the current Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man.

Wood was born on 13 March 1955. He was educated at the Royal Grammar School, High Wycombe and graduated from Oriel College, Oxford in 1977. Wood's later career consisted of major diplomatic roles in Africa. He was the British High Commissioner to Uganda from 2002 to 2005. He then served as High Commissioner to Kenya from 2005 to 2008. Prior to his retirement from the diplomatic service in 2010, he was Africa Director at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. At this post he managed Britain's embassies in Africa. Wood was announced as Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man in November 2010, and was sworn in on 7 April 2011. He is married to Catherine Richardson. They have one daughter, born in 2009.

Six Flags New Orleans

Six Flags New Orleans, also shortened to SFNO, is an abandoned theme park in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. The park opened on May 20, 2000 and was first known as Jazzland. The name was changed to Six Flags New Orleans on April 12, 2003 after Six Flags got the lease in March 2002. The park has been closed since just before Hurricane Katrina struck New Orleans in August 2005. It is currently owned by the City of New Orleans. After seeing the damage that was caused by Katrina, Six Flags tried to end their 75-year lease with the city in July 2006. They succeeded in September 2009. The abandoned park is a popular urban exploration spot.

There have been many different plans announced to redevelop the site such as reviving and expanding the park, creating a Nickelodeon-branded theme/water park, reviving the park as "Jazzland", and an upscale outlet mall but it still an abandoned amusement park.

In 2023, plans were approved by the city for Bayou Phoenix to begin redeveloping the land.

Stygotantulus

Stygotantulus stocki is the smallest crustacean in the world. It is less than . 

It is an ectoparasite on two families of copepods. 

Marco Antonio Rodríguez

Marco Antonio Rodríguez (born 10 November 1973 in Mexico City) is a retired Mexican association football referee.

He refereed the famous 2014 FIFA World Cup semi-final in which Germany defeated Brazil 7-1.

Swing Out Sister

Swing Out Sister are a British pop music group. They are known for songs such as "Breakout" and "Twilight World". Some songs by the group are covers of past hit songs.

Swing Out Sister started in 1985 in Manchester.

Born to Sing (album)

Born to Sing is a 1990 R&B studio album from American music group En Vogue. It had several hit songs, including "Hold On", "You Don't Have to Worry".

Several songs on the album sample past songs.

This album was released in April 1990.

Charlotte County, New Brunswick

Charlotte County (2011 population 26,549) is a county in the southwestern part of New Brunswick, Canada. It is divided into six municipalities and fourteen parishes.

There are two islands near Charlotte County which are disputed by Canada and the United States Those islands are Machias Seal Island and North Rock.

Queen Charlotte Sound

Queen Charlotte Sound is a sound of the Pacific Ocean in British Columbia, Canada. It is between Vancouver Island in the south and Haida Gwaii (formerly Queen Charlotte Islands) in the north. It merges with Hecate Strait in the north and Queen Charlotte Strait in the south. It has access to Johnstone Strait and Discovery Passage through Queen Charlotte Strait.

Cynthia, Alberta

Cynthia is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada. It is part of Brazeau County. It is about south of Highway 16 and southwest of Edmonton. In 2005, 50 people lived there.

Central Alberta

Central Alberta is a region in the Canadian province of Alberta. It completely surrounds the Edmonton Capital Region. Central Alberta is the most densely populated rural area in the province. Agriculture and energy make up an important part of the economy.

The North Saskatchewan River flows through the region. The Dry Island Buffalo Jump Provincial Park is also located in the region.

Castelsarrasin

Castelsarrasin () is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region of France. It is the second city in Tarn-et-Garonne with more people living in it, after Montauban.

It is a subprefecture in the department and the capital of the Castelsarrasin "arrondissement".

The oldest written example of "Castelsarrasin", as "Castel Sarracenum", is from the year 961. It was written in the will of Raymond II of Rouergue where he gave the "Saint-Sauveur" church to the monastery of Moissac.

"Castel Sarracenum" ("Saracen Castle") was given that name because the castle was built in the Saracen era.

There were many wars during the early history of the city:

Later, the Hundred Years' War affected the region. Most people that lived in the city were Catholics but many Protestants lived around the city. Fights were common here between those two groups during the French Wars of Religion in the 16th century.

The region was more calm during the following centuries, up to the time of the French Revolution.

From 1790 to 1795, Castelsarrasin was the capital of the District of Castelsarrasin in the Haute-Garonne department. In 1808, when the Tarn-et-Garonne department was created, the arrondissement of Castelsarrasin was made part of the new department.

Castelsarrasin is near the Garonne river, which runs through the southwest of the commune. The city is at to the west of Montauban, "préfecture" of the department.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "communes" that are around Castelsarrasin are Saint-Nicolas-de-la-Grave, Moissac, Les Barthes, La Ville-Dieu-du-Temple, Saint-Porquier, Cordes-Tolosannes, Saint-Aignan, Castelferrus and Castelmayran.

The climate of Castelsarrasin, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Castelsarrasin are known, in French, as "Castelsarrasinois" (women: "Castelsarrasinoises").

With a population in 2014 of 13,765, Castelsarrasin has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Castelsarrasin

Castelsarrasin is a subprefecture of the Tarn-et-Garonne department since 1809. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Castelsarrasin and the administrative centre () of the canton Castelsarrasin with 6 "communes" and 20,937 inhabitants in 2014.

It is part of the intercommunality "Terres des confluences".

Castelsarrasin is a twin town of:

Some interesting places in Castelsarrasin are:




Elsa (Disney)

Elsa is the Queen of Arendelle in the Disney movie "Frozen". For most of the movie, she is voiced by singer and actress Idina Menzel. However, "Young Elsa" is voiced by Eva Bella, and "Teen Elsa" is voiced by Spencer Lacey Ganus. Elsa has a sister named Anna who is younger than her.

Elsa was born with magic powers. She freezes everything that she touches. When she can't control them, she shuts herself away from everyone.

This is what the Official Frozen Website says about Elsa:
"From the outside, Elsa (voice of Idina Menzel) looks poised, regal and reserved, but in reality, she lives in fear as she wrestles with a mighty secret."

Elsa is based on the main character of the story The Snow Queen. In the movie, Elsa is born with ice powers and hurts her sister Anna, causing her parents to lock her up in her room for her young life. Elsa's parents die, and Elsa becomes the queen, but escapes to finally have freedom for herself and avoid hurting people with her ice powers. When Elsa accidentally freezes the kingdom, she flees to a far-off mountain. Anna goes after her sister.

Elsa was the hardest character Disney had ever made. For example, a normal person has 100,000 hairs on her head, but Elsa has 420,000 hairs on her head.

Elsa's song "Let It Go" received many positive reviews from viewers and critics.


Lloydminster

Lloydminster is a city in Canada. Part of it is in Alberta and part of it is in Saskatchewan.

The city was founded in 1903. It was named for George Lloyd, who was the Anglican Bishop of Saskatchewan in the 1920s. At the time, the area was part of the Northwest Territories. People expected the area to become a single province. Instead, the area was split into two provinces, with the border along the 110th meridian west, which ran down the center of the town.

Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam

Camp Rock 2: "The Final Jam" is American movie. Its premier was on September 3, 2010, on the Disney Channel. The movie stars Demi Lovato, Joe Jonas, Nick Jonas and Kevin Jonas.

Anglican Church of Canada

The Anglican Church of Canada is the member church of the Anglican Communion in Canada. In 2007, it had over 545,000 members in 1,676 parishes. It is the third largest church in Canada, after the Roman Catholic Church and the United Church of Canada.

English settlers brought the Church of England with them when they settled Canada in the 1500s. Until the 1830s, the Canadian church was completely under the control of the Church of England: the Church of England appointed all Canadian bishops and all funding for the Canadian church came from the British parliament.

Funky Divas

Funky Divas is a new jack swing-R&B studio album from 1992 by American group En Vogue. The album had the songs "Free Your Mind", "My Lovin' (You're Never Gonna Get It)" and "Giving Him Something He Can Feel". It sold five million records worldwide.

This album was released on March 24, 1992.

Estádio Nacional Mané Garrincha

The Estádio Nacional Mané Garrincha is a stadium in Brasília, Brazil. It was one of the main stadiums used in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

<br>

Jini Dellaccio

Jini Dellaccio (née Duckworth; January 31, 1917 – July 3, 2014) is an American photographer. He is best known for her images of rock and pop acts of the 1960s. Her photographs of the Sonics, the Wailers, Merrilee Rush, the Daily Flash and many others were used for album covers, posters, and publicity stills.


Plínio de Arruda Sampaio

Plínio Soares de Arruda Sampaio (July 26, 1930 – July 8, 2014) was a Brazilian intellectual and political activist. He was with the Partido Socialismo e Liberdade (PSOL). He ran as a candidate for the presidency of the Federative Republic of Brazil in 2010.

Sampaio was born in São Paulo, Brazil.

He graduated from the University of São Paulo School of Law in 1954. He was president of the Catholic University Youth and was an active member of Popular Action.

He has been a prosecutor, deputy in the 1988 Constituent Assembly and chaired the Brazilian Association for Land Reform (ABRA), an institution that fights for land reform in Brazil. He also directed the weekly newspaper Correio da Cidadania.

Sampaio died in a hospital in São Paulo, Brazil from bone cancer. He had cancer for about a month. He was 83 years old.


Prosopagnosia

Prosopagnosia, also called face blindness, is a condition where a person cannot recognize faces, "even their own". At first it was thought to be a condition caused by severe brain damage (acquired prosopagnosia). It may be caused by a head injury to the temporal lobe of the brain.

However, a congenital (inherited birth defect) or developmental form of the disorder does exist, with a prevalence rate of 2.5%. That is quite a high rate. What this defect shows is that our picture of the world is built up by various brain systems, and we do not notice how this is done. It seems seamless and automatic. Actually, there are many brain mechanisms which normally work together, tying the visual scene to memory so that we recall vital information. It is difficult to think of anything more vital than remembering who we know, and what their relationship is to us. 
"People with prosopagnosia never develop the ability to recognize faces". They may be able to rely on other physical features, such as the way someone walks and talks, their hair color, their height and build, etc. Prosopagnosia is not curable or treatable.

The opposite of prosopagnosia is the skill of superior face recognition ability. People with this ability are called "super recognizers".

Prosopagnosia can be caused by lesions (damage or changes to body tissue) in the lower part of the brain. It can also be caused by damaging the nerves in the lower part of the brain, called 'acquired prosopagnosia'. It can be caused by birth defects, carbon monoxide poisoning, encephalitis (inflammation of the brain), Parkinson's disease, or Alzheimer's disease.

Doctors can check patients for prosopagnosia by using PET and fMRI scans to see if their brain reacts when they see faces.

An analysis of family inheritance (pedigree trees) suggest that a dominant gene mutation may be the root cause of the condition when it is present from birth. This mode of inheritance explains why HPA is so common among certain families.

An account of a woman who cannot recognise her own face is an example of prosopagnosia. Its special interest is that she can recognise all inanimate objects, and all animals except humans and chimpanzees!


Tokyo Decadence

Tokyo Decadence is a Japanese erotic 1991 pink movie. The movie is about four sex sequences.

A timid Japanese college student works as a specialty prostitute. She does this for an exclusive escort agency that caters to wealthy Japanese men in Tokyo. To please her clients, she plays out elaborate fantasy scenarios with sadomasochism and bondage.

This movie has been banned or refused classification in South Korea and Australia. It is rated NC-17 for sadomasochistic sex content.

Jaws: The Revenge

Jaws: The Revenge (also called Jaws 4: The Revenge or simply known as Jaws 4) is a 1987 horror movie. The movie was directed by Joseph Sargent. It is the third and final sequel to Steven Spielberg's "Jaws". "Jaws: The Revenge" was shot on location in New England and in the Bahamas, and completed on the Universal lot. Like the first two films, Martha's Vineyard was the location of the fictional Amity Island for the opening scenes. Although preceded by "Jaws 3-D", "The Revenge" ignores plot elements introduced in that film. "Jaws: The Revenge" earned the least amount of money in the series. It was considered a bad film by critics. It received 0% rating on the review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes. It was nominated for seven Razzie Awards. This included a worst actor award for "Bruce the shark".

Pink movie

The term pink movie (or pink film) refers to Japanese movies having sexual or adult content. This term means anything from drama movies to violent movies. The so-called "pink movies" are part of ongoing cycles of movies rather than an actual genre.

The pink movie scene first began around World War II.

Giovannino Guareschi

Giovannino Oliviero Giuseppe Guareschi (; 1 May 1908 – 22 July 1968) was an Italian journalist, cartoonist and humorist. He was known for creating the priest Don Camillo and the production of its movies.


Peter Riegert

Peter Riegert (born April 11, 1947) is an American actor, screenwriter, and movie director. He is best known for his roles as Donald "Boon" Schoenstein from "Animal House", the fast talking gangster Aldo in "Oscar", the tough Lt. Kellaway in "The Mask", and crooked New Jersey State Assemblyman Ronald Zellman on the HBO original series "The Sopranos", and "Mac" MacIntyre, in "Local Hero".


L.I.E.

L.I.E. is a 2001 American drama movie. The movie is about a relationship between a 15-year old boy and a pedophile. The title is an acronym for "Long Island Expressway". 

"L.I.E." received an NC-17 rating from the MPAA. The rating was surrendered, meaning that the filmmakers preferred to release the movie without a rating instead of releasing it with the NC-17 rating. Later, an edited R-rated version was also released.

This movie was released on January 20, 2001.

Ballistic trauma

Ballistic trauma or gunshot wound (GSW) is a form of physical trauma sustained from the discharge of arms or munitions. The most common forms of ballistic trauma stem from firearms used in armed conflicts, civilian sporting, recreational pursuits and criminal activity. Ballistic trauma is sometimes fatal for the recipient, or causes long term negative consequences.


Megacheira

Megacheira ("great hands") is an extinct class of predatory arthropods. They had a pair of short enlarged appendages at the front. They look like early chelicerates. 

Most of them lived in marine environments round the world from the lower to middle Cambrian. It looks like they were quite common then. However, one perfectly preserved specimen of "Enalikter" was found in the Silurian of Herefordshire (England). Another species ("Bundenbachiellus") was found in the early Devonian of Germany.

Kenta Kobayashi

He is best known for his 14-year tenure with Pro Wrestling Noah. During his time in Pro Wrestling Noah, Kobayashi is a former one-time GHC Heavyweight Champion, three-time GHC Junior Heavyweight and one-time GHC Tag Team Champion. He also won the 2012 Global League and the 2013 Global Tag League tournaments. He was also one half of the GHC Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champions twice; his first reign was the inaugural reign with his longtime tag partner and rival, Naomichi Marufuji, which saw the two hold the title for almost two years. His second reign was with his protégé, Taiji Ishimori. He first wrestled under his real name, but because of potential confusion with his mentor, Kenta Kobashi (in both English and Japanese), he decided to drop his surname and only use his given name. He also spells his ring name with Roman letters in all capitals.

On January 27, 2014, he did a tryout at WWE's Performance Center in Orlando, Florida with Noah's blessing. In a press release, he said that he was not looking for a WWE contract but he only wanted to fulfill a dream that he had to take part in a WWE workout. On June 27, 2014, it was reported by Tokyo Sports that Kenta had signed with the WWE. During WWE's July 12, 2014 event in Osaka, they announced that they had signed Kenta during an in-ring segment with Hulk Hogan. Kenta will go to Orlando, Florida to continue training at the Performance Center and also work for WWE's developmental territory "NXT".

He debuted at "NXT Takeover: Fatal 4-Way" on September 11, 2014. He was introduced by William Regal. During his debut, he announced that his new ring name would be Hideo Itami, meaning "Hero of Pain". He would then fend off The Ascension after they interrupted the segment to confront Regal.

Itami would make his in-ring debut on the September 18 episode of "NXT", defeating Justin Gabriel. After his match, he was attacked by The Ascension. He would continue to engage The Ascension in brawls but he would end up on the losing side due to the numbers advantage. On the November 6 episode, Itami revealed his tag partner as the debuting Finn Bálor.

On February 22, 2019, Kenta was released from the WWE. He called his time in WWE "the most frustrating days of my life".



Sonoma County Transit

"Sonoma County Transit" is a public transportation system based in Sonoma County, California.

As the primary bus system with the county, the system operates lines to Petaluma, Santa Rosa, Cotati, Rohnert Park, Healdsburg, and Guerneville. It also runs one inter-county route to San Rafael in Marin County.

Sonoma County Transit is the primary bus system in the county. It operates to the following communities (listed by zones from south to north):

Sonoma Coast and Russian River:

Central Sonoma County (Highway 101 corridor):

Sonoma Valley:

SCT also operates an inter-county route to San Rafael in Marin County. This route makes connections to Golden Gate Transit and Marin Transit services to San Francisco and the East Bay. It also connects within Marin County, as well as a route serving Sonoma County Airport north of Santa Rosa.

La Tour d'Auvergne

The House of La Tour d'Auvergne was a French noble family. They had great power and wealth during the 17th and 18th century in France. The family claimed to rule the Duchy of Bouillon from the year of 1456. The duchy was later ceded to France on 26 October 1795. The family had apartments at the Palace of Versailles and a grand townhouse in Paris (now destroyed). The family were notoriously arrogant. They schemed to marry their children well. They tried to gain favour with the royal family of the time. The duchy came into the family through the marriage of Henri de La Tour d'Auvergne to Charlotte de La Marck who was a duchess in her own right. The family also claimed to be the sovereign rulers of the Principality of Sedan. The family used several lesser titles such as titles of Duke of Albret and Duke of Château-Thierry from 1651. They held the rank of "Foreign Princes" at Versailles. As such, they were entitled to use the style of ""Highness"".

The dukes were usually addressed by the style of "Serene Highness". 


Jacques Léopold was the last Duke of Bouillon, and following the Napoleonic Wars the duchy was absorbed into the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.


County Leitrim

County Leitrim () is a county of Ireland. It is in the province of Connacht. It is named after the village of Leitrim. The population of County Leitrim was 31,798 according to the 2011 Irish Census. The people of Leitrim are know to be some of the soundest in the country.

County Roscommon

County Roscommon () is a county of Ireland. It is in the province of Connacht. It is named after the town of Roscommon. The population of County Roscommon was 65,065 according to the 2011 Irish Census.

County Carlow

County Carlow () is a county of Ireland. It is in the province of Leinster. It is named after the town of Carlow. The population of County Carlow was 54,612 according to the 2011 Irish Census.

Alois Brunner

Alois Brunner (8 April 1912 – c. 2010) was an Austrian Schutzstaffel (SS) officer. Brunner was wanted for war crimes, and was Adolf Eichmann's assistant. Eichmann referred to Brunner as his "best man". Brunner was wanted for sending at least 140,000 European Jews to the gas chambers. 

He was commander of the Drancy internment camp outside Paris from June 1943 to August 1944, from which nearly 24,000 people were deported. He was sentenced to death "in absentia" in France in 1954 for crimes against humanity. In 1961 and in 1980, Brunner lost an eye and the fingers of his left hand, as a result of letter bombs sent to him by the Israeli intelligence service, called Mossad.

In 2003, the Guardian described him as "the world's highest-ranking Nazi fugitive believed still alive". Brunner was last reported to be living in Syria, whose government had long refused international efforts to locate or apprehend him. There were rumours that he would be extradited, however, after the Syrian Civil War broke out it became hard to negotiate any kind of settlement with the Assad regime, which controlled Syria during Brunner's stay. Other sources suggest he died already in December 2001. He was sentenced again, now to life imprisonment, in France the same year. It has been determined that Brunner helped the Syrian government develop chemical weapons which were later allegedly used on rebels.

Trenton, Illinois

Trenton is a city in Clinton County, Illinois, United States. The population was 2,690 at the 2020 census.

Sveio

Sveio is a municipality in [ Vestland] County, west coast of Norway. 


Windows 8.1

Windows 8.1 is a no longer supported version of Microsoft Windows and the second version of Windows 8.x. It was released on October 17, 2013, the same day as Windows Server 2012 R2. It is a new version of the Windows NT 6.x line, since it changes the version number from 6.2 to 6.3. It is a free update for Windows 8 that can be found in the Windows Store. When Windows 10 was released, Windows 8.1 could be upgraded to Windows 10 for free.

As of August 2023, Windows 8.1 was used by 0.7% of PCs. With Windows 8.0, at 1% of PCs.

The important new features are:

On January 9, 2018, Microsoft ended mainstream support for most editions of Windows 8.1, while mainstream support ended for Embedded editions on July 10 of that year. On July 12, 2022, Microsoft released an update for Windows 8.1 which shows the fullscreen end of support message. It appears an any edition of Windows 8.1 except on Embedded edition . Extended support for all editions of Windows 8.1 ended on January 10, 2023, while extended support for Windows Embedded 8.1 Industry ended on July 11 of that year. 

Postcards from the Edge (movie)

Postcards from the Edge is a 1990 American comedy-drama movie. It is based on a novel of the same name by Carrie Fisher. Fisher also wrote the screenplay. The movie is about a recovering addict trying to restart her acting career. Meryl Streep plays Suzanne. Annette Bening plays Evelyn Ames. Shirley MacLaine plays Doris.

This movie was released on September 14, 1990. It got positive reviews. Its box office was also positive.

Vekoma

Vekoma Rides Manufacturing is a Netherlands-based manufacturer that builds amusement park rides.

Vekoma was started in 1926 by a blacksmith named Hendrik op het Veld. The name Velkoma is short for "Veld Koning Machinefabriek", or Veld Koning machine factory. At first they made machines for farming and mining. Later they started to build rides for theme parks. They built rides such as Ferris wheels, roller coasters, water rides, and family-friendly rides.



What I Do the Best

What I Do the Best is the fourth studio album by John Michael Montgomery. The album was released on September 24, 1996.

Green Forest, Arkansas

Green Forest is a city in Carroll County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 2,972 at the 2020 census.

Raymond, Illinois

Raymond is a small town in Montgomery County, Illinois, United States. The population was 949 at the 2020 census.

As Blood Runs Black

As Blood Runs Black is an American deathcore band formed in 2003. "Instinct" reached number 111 on the Billboard 200 for the week of April 2, 2011.

The band broke up in 2014.


<br>

Rosemary Murphy

Rosemary Murphy (January 13, 1925 – July 5, 2014) was an American actress of stage, movie, and television. She was nominated for three Tony Awards for her stage work, as well as two Emmy Awards for television work, winning once, for her performance in "Eleanor and Franklin" (1976). She was known for her role in "To Kill a Mockingbird" (1962).

Murphy died on July 5, 2014, in Manhattan from esophageal cancer, aged 89.


Bakir Izetbegović

Bakir Izetbegović (born 28 June 1956) is a Bosnian politician. Izetbegović is president of the Party of Democratic Action and son of the late Bosnian president, Alija Izetbegović. In 1981, he graduated from the University of Sarajevo Faculty of Architecture. In 2010, he was elected to be the Bosniak member of the 3-person Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and served to 2018.

<br>

Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina, often referred to as Bosnian Croats, are the third most populous ethnic group in that country. They are one of the constitutive nations of Bosnia and Herzegovina. They are also a native ethnic group of Bosnia and Herzegovina, as their presence there dates back to the 7th century A.D. Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina have made significant contributions to the culture of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Their native language is Croatian, and about 76% say they are Roman Catholic. 


The Bar-Kays

The Bar-Kays is an American funk-R&B-soul band. They started in 1966 in Memphis, Tennessee. Many of their songs were on record charts from the 1960s to the 1980s. The songs included "Anticipation", "Son of Shaft" and "Boogie Body Land".

The list of group members has changed several times.

Middletown, Rhode Island

Middletown is a town in southeastern Rhode Island. At the 2020 US Census, 17,075 people lived there.

Middletown was incorporated in 1743.

County Clare

County Clare () is a county of Ireland. It is in the province of Munster. The population of County Clare was 117,196 according to the 2011 Irish Census.

Pink Panther (statue)

The Public Fountain (, ) is a statue in South Valencia, Spain. It is between Avda. Ausiàs March and Avda. Peris i Valero. The statue is known by its citizens as "Pantera Rosa" ("Pink Panther") because of its colour and figure,

The statue was raised up in 1984 by the architect Miquel Navarro. It was in commemoration of Turia and Júcar waterway.


Duchy of Bouillon

The Duchy of Bouillon () (), was a small state located between Luxembourg, Champagne, and the Three Bishoprics and centered on Bouillon. The duchy was claimed by the House of La Tour d'Auvergne. It was officially a State of the Holy Roman Empire. Even though it was a fairly small "state" its capital was the city of Bouillon, now in modern Belgium. The La Tour d'Auvergne family claimed to rule the state from 1456? – 1794 as during the French Revolution it officially changed its legal status to the "". The heir to the ducal throne was traditionally titled the Prince of Turenne.

The dukes were usually addressed by the style of "Serene Highness". 

Jacques Léopold was the last Duke of Bouillon, and following the Napoleonic Wars the duchy was absorbed into the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Intamin

Intamin Worldwide is a designing and manufacturing company in Wollerau, Switzerland. They are known for building thrill rides and roller coasters. The Intamin name stands for: INTernational AMusement INstallations. They distribute about 5-7 roller coasters from their workshops every year.

The first roller coaster they built was The Jr. Gemini (new name Wilderness Run) at Cedar Point in 1979. After that, they installed a total of 181 roller coasters around the world.


John Seigenthaler

John Lawrence Seigenthaler (; July 27, 1927 – July 11, 2014) was an American journalist, writer, and political figure. He was known as an avid supporter of First Amendment rights.

Seigenthaler joined the Nashville newspaper "The Tennessean" in 1949. He resigned in 1960 to be Robert F. Kennedy's administrative assistant. He rejoined "The Tennessean" as editor in 1962. He became publisher in 1973. He became chairman in 1982. He retired as chairman emeritus in 1991. Seigenthaler was also founding editorial director of "USA Today" from 1982 to 1991.

On May 26, 2005, an unregistered Wikipedia user created a five-sentence biographical article about Seigenthaler that contained false and defamatory content. The false statement in Seigenthaler's Wikipedia article read:

John Seigenthaler Sr. was the assistant to Attorney General Robert Kennedy in the early 1960s. For a brief time, he was thought to have been directly involved in the Kennedy assassinations of both John, and his brother, Bobby. Nothing was ever proven.

When he found out about this, Seigenthaler directly talked to Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales, who removed the false claims. As Seigenthaler later wrote: "For four months, Wikipedia depicted me as a suspected assassin before Wales erased it from his website's history" on October 5.

In April 2014, the Shelby Street Bridge was renamed the John Seigenthaler Pedestrian Bridge in his honor. While reporting for "The Tennessean" in the 1950s, Seigenthaler once prevented a suicidal man from jumping off the bridge.

Seigenthaler died of complications from colon cancer on July 11, 2014, at the age of 86. He was surrounded by his family in his home.


Charlie Haden

Charles Edward "Charlie" Haden (August 6, 1937 – July 11, 2014) was an American jazz double bass player. He was known for his long association with saxophonist Ornette Coleman, pianist Keith Jarrett, and his Liberation Music Orchestra, a group he co-led with pianist Carla Bley. 

Haden died in Los Angeles on July 11, 2014 after complications from polio, aged 76.


RoboCop

RoboCop is a 1987 science fiction action crime movie. It is directed by Paul Verhoeven. The movie stars Peter Weller, Nancy Allen, Dan O'Herlihy, Kurtwood Smith, Miguel Ferrer, and Ronny Cox. It is set in a crime-ridden dystopian Detroit, Michigan in the near future where the police force is run by Security Concepts, a corporation. "RoboCop" centers on police officer Alex Murphy (Weller) who is brutally attacked and fatally wounded by a gang of criminals. He is then made into a cyborg law enforcer known as "RoboCop". The movie had two sequels, "RoboCop 2" (1990) and "RoboCop 3" (1993). A remake of this movie was released in February 2014.


Life's a Dance

Life's a Dance is the debut studio album by John Michael Montgomery. The album was released on October 13, 1992.

Xcelerator

Xcelerator is a steel launched roller coaster that was built by Intamin, and is located at Knott's Berry Farm in Buena Park, California.

After the riders have been loaded onto the train at the station, the train is first hooked up to a catch car that is under the train. The train has to move back to hook onto the catch car in order to launch. After 2.3 seconds, the train is released from the catch car, and travels at a speed of from the station. The train then travels over a tower, or top hat element, and after that it travels through a 110 ft over banked turn, and then a 95 ft over banked turn before coming to a smooth stop over magnetic brakes.

Sometimes, a train does not have enough speed to make it over the top hat element. If that happens, a train tries to go up the tower, stop, then roll back to the station. This is called a shortshot, and it is part of the ride's design. A shortshot can cause the ride to be closed for a period of time while the ride is reset and tested several times before it can be opened again. Rain, weight, the number of time its launched, the outside temperature, and overheating can cause a shortshot.

Xcelerator will not operate in the rain so that a shortshot does not happen when the launch track is wet. Then the track needs to dry until it is safe to test the roller coaster. This happens so that a shortshot does not happen.


Elena Undone

Elena Undone is a 2010 lesbian romantic drama movie. The title character is the wife of a pastor. She has strong feelings for another woman. She later divorces the pastor and falls in love with a woman named Peyton.

This movie got mixed reviews. It is rated 58% by Rotten Tomatoes.

Programmed learning

Programmed learning (or 'programmed instruction') is a research-based system which helps learners work successfully. The method is guided by research done by a variety of applied psychologists and educators.

The material to be learned is in a kind of textbook or teaching machine or computer. The medium presents the material in a logical and tested sequence. The text is in small steps or larger chunks. After each step, learners are given a question to test their comprehension. Then immediately the correct answer is shown. This means the learner at all stages makes responses, and is given immediate knowledge of results.

It is rather interesting that Edward L. Thorndike wrote in 1912:
"If, by a miracle of mechanical ingenuity, a book could be so arranged that only to him who had done what was directed on page one would page two become visible, and so on, much that now requires personal instruction could be managed by print".

Thorndike, however, did nothing with his idea. The first such system was devised by Sidney L. Pressey in 1926. "The first.. [teaching machine] was developed by Sidney L. Pressey... While originally developed as a self-scoring machine... [it] demonstrated its ability to actually teach".

In World War II, with largely conscript armies, there was great emphasis on training. What was learnt influenced education and training after the war. One of the main methods was the use of movies as a group training method. Research on the effectiveness of training films was done extensively. In one account, Lumsdaine comments that research on films went on "from about 1918 to the present" (meaning 1962).

A few conclusions stood out from the research. One was that films were great at giving overviews of a situation or an operation. However, they were less successful at getting over the details. Some general features of film (and, later, television) stand out. One is that a film goes at its own pace. Another is that no specific responses or activities are required from the viewer. A third is that the audience is varied, sometimes hugely varied. This gives clues to ways of improving instructional films.

In a 1946 experiment at Yale University, questions for students were put between segments of a film on the heart and circulation, with correct answers given after students had responded (knowledge of results). This added significantly to the amount learnt from the film. Lumsdaine commented that even showing the basic film twice was not so effective as showing the version with questions and answers.

The connections between this experiment and those of Pressey were obvious. Active responses by learners and helpful feedback on the activities were now seen as critical elements in any successful system of learning. Pressey's work had been half forgotten, but it was now recognised as significant.

If so much research had already been done on learning from films, what exactly did programmed learning add? The short answer is "stimulus control", by which is broadly meant the teaching material itself. Also, in programmed learning, a complete system was proposed which included these stages:

A helpful discussion of the different programming techniques was given by Klaus.

Although there were three or four other systems proposed, we discuss here the two best-known methods.

One was by Norman Crowder, a psychologist with the U.S. Air Force. He had been asked to investigate the training of aircraft maintenance men. Crowder's system was to set multiple choice questions in the text, and provide feedback for each of the alternatives. Examples of this method show that the alternatives offered in questions were chosen to cover mistakes which students were likely to make.

Much better known was the other style of programmed learning, as proposed by the behaviourist B.F. Skinner. Skinner made some very effective criticisms of traditional teaching methods. His scheme of programmed instruction was to present the material as part of a "schedule of reinforcement" in typical behaviourist manner. The programmed text of Skinner's theory of behaviorism is the most complete example of his ideas in action. Skinner was a wonderful publicist for his own ideas, as can be seen from this passage:

Both methods were originally presented in machines, and both were later presented in book form. Both systems were to an extent student centered. They were ways of teaching individual learners who worked at their own pace. Both systems (in different ways) used knowledge of results to promote learning. In both systems the content was pre-tested to identify problems and iron them out. Both systems emphasised clear learning objectives. Progress in learning was measured by pre- and post-tests of equivalent difficulty. Many practical tests showed the effectiveness of these methods.

Many of these ideas were picked up and used in other educational fields, such as open learning (see the Open University) and computer-assisted learning.

Reinforcement

Reinforcement may mean

Sidney L. Pressey

Sidney L. Pressey (Brooklyn, New York, 1888 1979) was Professor of Psychology at Ohio State University for many years. He is famous for having invented a teaching machine many years before the idea became popular.

Pressey joined Ohio State in 1921, and stayed there until he retired in 1959. He continued publishing after retirement, with 18 papers between 1959 and 1967. He was a cognitive psychologist who "rejected a view of learning as an accumulation of responses governed by environmental stimuli in favor of one governed by meaning, intention, and purpose". In fact, he had been a cognitive psychologist his entire life, well before the "mythical birthday of the cognitive revolution in psychology".

Pressey was the first winner of the E.L. Thorndike Award for achievements in educational technology, in 1964. This is an award of the American Psychological Association.

In 1923, Pressey and a co-worker published the first reading ease formula. They had been concerned that science textbooks in junior high school had so many technical words. They felt that teachers spent all class time explaining their meaning. They argued that their formula would help to measure and reduce the “vocabulary burden” of textbooks. Their formula, based on the Thorndike word list, took three hours to apply to a single book. It was a measure of vocabulary difficulty. Many later formulae made use of some measure of sentence complexity as well as vocabulary. These are the two main causes of text difficulty or 'readability'.

Pressey's idea started as a machine for administering multiple-choice questions to students. These were (and are still) a basic method for testing students in the U.S.A.. The machine had a window with a question and four answers. The student pressed the key to the chosen answer. The machine recorded the answer on a counter to the back of the machine, and showed the next question.

The great idea was to fix the machine so that it would not move on until the student chose the right answer. Then it was easy to show that the second arrangement taught the students what were the right answers. This was the first demonstration that a machine could teach, and also a demonstration that knowledge of results was the cause of the learning.

A number of reviews credit Pressey with being the founder of programmed learning and teaching machines, long before the better known efforts of B.F. Skinner. Skinner was, however, responsible for bringing the whole subject into popular view, and his critique of the limitations of traditional classroom teaching is a classic work.



Polar climate

Polar climate has temperatures below for much of the year. According to the Köppen climate classification, a polar climate is one in which no monthly average goes above . If the temperature is between and in the warmest month, it is a tundra climate. If the average temperature is below in the warmest month, it is an ice cap climate. These climates are found near the poles and on high mountains. There is usually little precipitation because the air is so dry. Ice cap climates are in the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, Iceland, Antarctica and at high altitude.

About 20% of the Earth has a polar climate.

Teaching machine

Teaching machines were originally mechanical devices. They presented educational materials and taught students. They were first invented by Sidney L. Pressey. His machine originally administered multiple-choice questions. When the machine was set so it moved on only when the student got the right answer, tests showed that learning had taken place. Much later, Norman Crowder developed the Pressey idea much further.

B.F. Skinner was responsible for a different type of machine which used his ideas on how learning should be directed with positive reinforcement. 

There is extensive experience that both methods worked well, and so did programmed learning in other forms, such as books.
The ideas of teaching machines and programmed learning provided the basis for later ideas such as open learning and computer-assisted instruction.


Luke Shaw

Luke Paul Hoare Shaw (born 12 July 1995) is an English professional footballer. He plays as a defender for Manchester United and the England national team and also spends times with his family that don’t live with him definitely his nephew Sam shaw and Oliver shaw


Konstantinos Stephanopoulos

Konstantinos "Kostis" Stephanopoulos (, August 15, 1926 – November 20, 2016) was a Greek conservative politician. He served as President of Greece from 1995 to 2005. He was the longest serving president of the Third Hellenic Republic.

Stephanopoulos died at a hospital in Athens, Greece on November 20, 2016 from pneumonia, aged 90.


Ray Lonnen

Ray Lonnen (18 May 1940 – 11 July 2014) was an English stage and television actor. His most famous roles include Willie Caine in the cold-war spy drama series "The Sandbaggers" (1978–80) and also as Harry Brown in the television miniseries "Harry's Game" (1982).

Lonnen died on 11 July 2014 from cancer, aged 74.


Nestor Basterretxea

Nestor Basterretxea Arzadun (6 May 1924 – 12 July 2014) was a Basque-Spanish artist. He was born in Bermeo, Biscay. In the 1950s and 60s, he worked along with other artists such as Jorge Oteiza, Remigio Mendiburu, and Eduardo Chillida. 

In the 1980s Basterretxea was the Culture Councillor for the Basque Government for two years. Towards the end of that decade, he created two of his best known works: La Paloma de Paz (Peace Dove). It was installed in la Zurriola, Donostia (San Sebastian) and later on moved to a roundabout outside the Anoeta Stadium of the same city. In 1989, he created the Monument to the Basque Shepherd. It was installed in Reno, Atlanta. 

Basterretxea died in his home in Hondarribia in the morning of 12 July 2014, at the age of 90.

Valeriya Novodvorskaya

Valeriya Ilyinichna Novodvorskaya (; 17 May 1950 – 12 July 2014) was a liberal Russian politician and Soviet dissident. She was the founder and the chairwoman of the "Democratic Union" party and a member of the editorial board of the news magazine "The New Times". Novodvorskaya was a fierce critic of the president Vladimir Putin and his regime.


CyanogenMod

CyanogenMod is an discontinued operating system for many smartphones and tablet computers. It is based on the Android operating system. CyanogenMod is open source so that it can be forked and audited for possible threats. As of the 23rd of December 2016, CyanogenMod has been discontinued and there are no new official updates to CyanogenMod. Some phones such as the OnePlus One also used CyanogenOS which is based on CyanogenMod. 


Slugterra: Return of the Elementals

Slugterra: Return of the Elementals is a 2014 Canadian animated movie produced by Nerd Crops Entertainment Inc. and distributed by Disney XD Canada, Screen Vision, Shout Factory, and Cineplex. The movie was released in theaters on August 2, 2014 in the United States.

Junjie (Previously the Dark Slinger from "") joins the Shane Gang. They must stop an evil alliance led by the Goon Doc from "Slugterra: Ghoul From Beyond" from finding the four ancient elemental slugs—earth, air, fire, and water—which Goon Doc could use to destroy the 99 caverns.


Eileen Ford

Eileen Ford (née Otte; March 25, 1922 – July 9, 2014) was an American model agency executive and co-founder. She founded the Ford Modeling Agency (now called Ford Models) in 1946.

Ford was born in New York City. She died in Morristown, New Jersey at age ninety-two.

Eileen Cecile Otte was born in Manhattan and raised in suburban Great Neck, Long Island, the only daughter of four children of Loretta Marie (née Laine) and Nathaniel Otte. Eileen had been a model during the summers of her freshman and sophomore years at Barnard College, modeling for the Harry Conover Modeling Agency, one of the first in the United States. She graduated from Barnard in 1943.

The next year, she met her future husband, Gerard "Jerry" Ford, at a drugstore near the Columbia University campus and eloped with him, marrying in November 1944 in San Francisco.

A pregnant Eileen started to work as a secretary for several models, taking calls at her father's New York City law office, charging each model $65 to $75 per month.

Although the Fords' location was terrible, within a year, the modeling agency was the second or third most successful in the United States, grossing $250,000. The Fords' first superstar model was Jean Patchett. The Fords had the capital to instil the voucher system, something that other modelling agencies were not affluent enough to offer. Dorian Leigh described Eileen as "one of the hardest working, most persistent persons I have ever known, two qualities which made her my very good friend for years and later, my unanticipated enemy".

After two years, the Fords began to seriously compete with the Huntington Hartford modeling agency and the John Robert Powers agencies, the two most successful modeling agencies at the time. Leigh, meanwhile, closed her modeling agency when she was pregnant with her third child in 1948. Leigh called Eileen and told them that her 15-years younger sister, Suzy Parker, was making only $25 per hour working as a model for Huntington Hartford.

They soon realized, however, that Parker had the possibility of becoming quite a successful model. Soon thereafter, Parker would become the most successful model of the 1950s, helping push the Ford's agency to number one. In the 1940s and 1950s, the Fords represented top models Mary Jane Russell, Carmen Dell'Orefice, and Dovima.

In 1995, Katie Ford took over her parents' agency after their retirement. The 50th anniversary of the agency was highlighted in several articles including the July–August 1996 issue of "American Photo" magazine and in January–February 1997's "Top Model" magazine ("Ford at 50!"). She was CEO from 1995 to 2007. In December 2007, Ford was sold to Stone Tower Equity Partners. John Caplan took over as CEO while Katie Ford was on the Board of Directors. Jerry Ford died at the age 83 on August 24, 2008. He was survived by his wife, four children, eight grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.

She died at a hospital in Morristown, New Jersey, from complications of meningioma and osteoporosis, on July 9, 2014, aged 92.

John Michael Montgomery (album)

John Michael Montgomery is the third studio album by John Michael Montgomery. The album was released on March 28, 1995.

<br>

RoboCop 2

RoboCop 2 is a 1990 American science fiction action movie. It was directed by Irvin Kershner and once again starred Peter Weller, Nancy Allen and Dan O'Herlihy. It is a sequel to the 1987 movie "RoboCop". The movie is set in the near future in a crime-ridden dystopian Detroit, Michigan. A sequel to this movie, "RoboCop 3", was released in 1993. A remake of the 1987 movie was released in February 2014.

RoboCop 3

RoboCop 3 is a 1993 American science fiction film action movie. It is the third movie in the "RoboCop" franchise and was directed by Fred Dekker. It's a sequel to "RoboCop" and "RoboCop 2". Robert John Bruke replaces Peter Weller as the cyborg RoboCop. Nancy Allen starrs as his colleague for the third and last time. It is set in a crime-ridden dystopian Detroit, Michigan in the near future. A remake of the first film of the same name released in February 2014. The film picks off where the second film left off.

A Prairie Home Companion

A Prairie Home Companion is a live radio variety show created and hosted by Garrison Keillor. The show runs on Saturdays from 5 to 7 pm Central Time. It is usually broadcast from the Fitzgerald Theater in Saint Paul, Minnesota. The program is also taken on the road. "A Prairie Home Companion" is known for its musical guests, especially folk and traditional musicians. It is also known for its tongue-in-cheek humor and Keillor's storytelling segment, "News from Lake Wobegon".

The radio program inspired a 2006 film of the same name, written by Keillor, directed by Robert Altman, and featuring Keillor, Lily Tomlin, Meryl Streep, Lindsay Lohan, Tommy Lee Jones, Kevin Kline, John C. Reilly, and Woody Harrelson.

"A Prairie Home Companion" started as a morning show, running from 6 to 9 am on Minnesota Public Radio. The first program aired on 6 July 1974 before an audience of 12 people. The idea for the name came from a cemetery in Moorhead, Minnesota called the Prairie Home. It was located across the street from the radio station.

In April 1974, Keillor traveled to Nashville. This was the last broadcast of the Grand Ole Opry from the old Ryman Auditorium and Keillor was doing a story for The New Yorker Magazine. He decided to host a variety show based on that format on the radio. On July 6, 1974, the first live broadcast of "A Prairie Home Companion" took place.

In 1978, the show moved into the World Theater in Saint Paul, Minnesota. In 1987, he decided to move to Denmark with his new wife. He then moved to New York City. In 1989 he began a new show "The American Radio Company of the Air." The format was the same, but the program was geared to the New York audience. But after four seasons he moved back to Minnesota and brought back the Prairie Home Companion.

In 1985, the program was taped for audiences in Australia and Sweden. In 1990 digital tapes were rebroadcast in Tiwan. By 1995 the program was rebroadcast in numerous countries via satellite.

Music is a main feature of the program. It includes many different kinds of music, including country, bluegrass, blues, and gospel. The program also has guest performers from a wide variety of other styles of music, including classical, opera and music from a number of different countries.

One of the show's best-known features is Keillor's "News from Lake Wobegon". This is a weekly storytelling monologue, claiming to be a report from Keillor's fictitious hometown of Lake Wobegon. The segment always begins with "It's been a quiet week in Lake Woebegone, my hometown." It almost always ends with "And that's the news from Lake Wobegon, where all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average."

Because the program is aired on public broadcasting radio, they are not allowed to have real advertisements. Instead, the show produces fictional advertisements for fictional products. The ads are performed in the style of live old-time radio commercials. The show is "sponsored" by fictitious products including "Powdermilk Biscuits", "Cafe Boeuf" and the "American Duct Tape Council".

The program recently celebrated its 40th year.


Kochas

Kochas is a town in the Rohtas District, Bihar, India. At the 2001 census, 119,576 people lived there. Many of the people are associated with defence jobs. Many people in Kochas are dependent on agriculture and agricultural products. Sometimes lack of rain creates problems for farmers.

The closest railway station to Kochas is in Sasaram, away. There are three other railway stations in the area. Kochas has everything needed to live a middle class life. Kochas is famous for Kanslilla

Battle of Monocacy

The Battle of Monocacy was one of the most important battles of the American Civil War. It was fought near Frederick, Maryland on July 9, 1864. A Confederate army commanded by Jubal Early was marching eastward towards Washington, D.C., to capture the city. A small Union army commanded by Lew Wallace fought the Confederates along the Monocacy River. The battle took most of the day to fight. The Confederates finally made Wallace's force retreat about 4:30 p.m. However, the delay kept the Confederates from reaching Washington until General Grant's soldiers reached the city. The Battle of Monocacy is sometimes called "the battle that saved Washington".

The Monocacy National Battlefield, established in 1976 as a unit of the National Park Service, covers 1,647 acres of the battlefield along the Monocacy River south of Frederick, Md. The address is 5201 Urbana Pike, Frederick, Md.

The Civil War Trust (a division of the American Battlefield Trust) and its partners have acquired and preserved 445 acres of the battlefield. some of which is now part of the park.


Cape Columbia

Cape Columbia is the northernmost point of land of Canada. It is on Ellesmere Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut. It marks the westernmost coastal point of Lincoln Sea in the Arctic Ocean. It is only 769 kilometers (478 miles) from the North Pole.

Outer Banks

The Outer Banks are a line of barrier islands off the east coast of North Carolina. 

The islands form a 200 mile (320 km) long stretch. The islands are narrow. The islands are supported by tourism. The Atlantic Ocean is to the east and the Pamlico Sound is to the west. In the 1580s, the Lost Colony was built on the Outer Banks. The Wright Brothers's first flight happened on the Outer Banks in 1903.

Jan Nolten

Jan Nolten (20 January 1930 – 13 July 2014) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer. Nolten rode in five Tours de France, and won two stages.

Nolten was hospitalized in July 2014 after suffering a brain hemorrhage and died three days later.



 

Lorin Maazel

Lorin Varencove Maazel (March 6, 1930 – July 13, 2014) was an American conductor, violinist and composer.

Maazel was born to Jewish American parents of Russian origin in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France. His father, Lincoln Maazel, was also a conductor.

In 1960, Maazel became the first American to conduct at the Bayreuth Festspielhaus. He was chief conductor of the Deutsche Oper Berlin from 1965 to 1971 and the Radio-Symphonie-Orchester (RSO) Berlin from 1964 to 1975.

He died aged 84 on July 13, 2014, his Castleton Farms estate in Virginia, from complications of pneumonia.

Emil Bobu

Emil Bobu (22 February 1927 – 12 July 2014) was a Romanian Communist activist and politician. He was Interior Minister from 1973 to 1975. He was Labor Minister from 1979 to 1981. He was an influential figure in the later years of the Communist regime until his downfall during the 1989 Revolution.

Bobu died on 12 July 2014 at University Emergency Hospital Bucharest from a heart attack.

Carin Mannheimer

Carin Mannheimer ("Karin Birgitta Mannheimer"; "Jacobson" 17 August 1934 – 11 July 2014) was a Swedish dramatist, screenwriter, author and film director. Mannheimer was known for her book "Rapport om kvinnor" ('Report on Women') (1969).

According to a text message sent by her daughter to the newspaper Göteborgs-Posten Mannheimer died unexpectedly on 11 July 2014 at the age of 79.

Dave Legeno

David "Dave" Legeno (12 October 1963 – 6 July 2014) was an English actor, boxer, and mixed martial artist. He was best known for his role as the werewolf Fenrir Greyback in three "Harry Potter" movies; "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" (2009), "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" (2010) and "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2" (2011). He also had roles in "Batman Begins" (2005), "Stormbreaker" (2006) and "Snow White and the Huntsman" (2012).

Legeno was born in Marylebone, London. He lived with his daughter, Wendy, in England.

Legeno was found dead by hikers on 6 July 2014. He was hiking at the Death Valley National Park in the Sierra Nevada mountain range of California. His cause of death was heat stroke. He was 50.

Kickin' it Up

Kickin' it Up is the second studio album by John Michael Montgomery. The album was released on January 25, 1994.

Luiz Alberto Dias Menezes

Luiz Alberto Dias Menezes (5 October 1950 – 9 July 2014) was a Brazilian geologist, mineralogist and mineral dealer. He collected the material which was used in the discovery of the mineral menezesite, which was named in his honor. He was born in São Paulo.

Menezes died on 9 July 2014 in São Paulo, aged 63.

Fitzgerald Theater

The Fitzgerald Theater is the oldest active theatre in Saint Paul, Minnesota. It is the home of American Public Media's "A Prairie Home Companion". The theater is owned by Minnesota Public Radio. The Fitzgerald was also the location for the 2006 film of the same name.

It was built in 1910 at a cost of $165,000. It had a sandstone front and was of concrete and steel construction. The theatre had several very modern features for its time. It had 2,000 electric light bulbs. The stage could be lowered and raised by two feet. It had 16 dressing rooms and a side entrance for those arriving in automobiles. It was one of many theaters built by the Shubert Theatre Corporation. It was originally named the Sam S. Shubert Theater. The theatre was designed by the noted Chicago architectural firm of Marshall and Fox.

By 1933 it had fallen on hard times. Even the Broadway shows that played there could not make it profitable. That same year it was remodeled in the Art Deco style and renamed the World Theatre. It became a movie theatre and specialized in showing foreign films. By 1978 it was scheduled to be torn down. Minnesota Public Radio was looking for a new home for one of it's programs, A Prairie Home Companion. They were able to lease the theatre for a very reasonable price. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as the Sam S. Shubert Theatre and Shubert Building. In 1985 it was decided the building was unsafe and was in danger of closing permanently. After raising nearly two million dollars, the building was once again renovated. In 1994 it was renamed after St. Paul native F. Scott Fitzgerald.

In 2005, the theater was used for filming the movie "A Prairie Home Companion", directed by Robert Altman. Garrison Keillor, the star of the radio show also starred in the movie. He was instrumental in getting Hollywood stars such as Meryl Streep and Lily Tomlin for the movie.

The movie was shot digitally which allowed the cast and crew to fit into the small building. Even the theatre's basement was used for movie sets. With all the actors, technicians, electricians and carpenters squeezed into a small space, it was "as crowded as an ant farm". A Hollywood-style premiere was held at the Fitzgerald on 3 May 2006. A parade led from Rice Park to the theatre and the red carpet was laid out for the stars who arrived in white horse-drawn carriages.


Typhoon Rammasun

Typhoon Rammasun (known in the Philippines as Typhoon Glenda) was a 2014 Pacific Ocean typhoon. It affected Guam. It was expected to come to the Philippines, Taiwan, eastern China and Vietnam.

As of July 18, the storm's winds were .

Storm notices and warnings were activated from the Philippines to Vietnam and China. The Philippine threat from this typhoon was especially strong.

As of July 18, the typhoon had killed 38 people in the Philippines.

Palin

Palin may refer to:


Battle of the Wilderness

The Battle of the Wilderness was a battle of the American Civil War. It was the first battle of the Overland Campaign. It was fought from May 5 to 7, 1864. A Union army commanded by U.S. Grant started marching south to capture Richmond, Virginia. The Confederate Army of Northern Virginia, commanded by Robert E. Lee, attacked Grant's army in an area called the Wilderness. After two days, Grant wasn't able to defeat Lee's army. He then decided to move the Union army southward to get between Lee and Richmond. This resulted in the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House. This was a battle that was considered inconclusive.

Lofsdalen

Lofsdalen is a minor locality and ski resort located in Härjedalen Municipality, Sweden. In 2010, 116 people lived there.


Onsala

Onsala is a locality located in Kungsbacka Municipality, Sweden.

Krombacher Brauerei

Krombacher Brauerei is one of the largest private owned breweries in Germany and the best selling German beer in 2015. Their headquarters are in Kreuztal, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Kreuztal

Kreuztal is a town in the Siegen-Wittgenstein district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. As of 2012, 30,827 people live there.

The first documents about the area go back to 1067. The town began to develop in 1861 after the "Ruhr-Sieg" railroad was made, making Kreuztal a railroad hub at that time. The town of Kreuztal was made on 1 January 1969.

Panzer I

The Panzer I tank was a Nazi Germany light tank that was used during many wars of the 1930s as well as during World War II. The name of the tank is short for Panzerkampfwagen I ("armored fighting vehicle mark I") (abbreviated "PzKpfw I").

The tank was only intended for use as a training tank to introduce the concept of armoured warfare to the German Army. The tank was used in combat in Spain during the Spanish Civil War, in Poland, France, the Soviet Union and North Africa during the Second World War, and in China during the Second Sino-Japanese War. The tank had thin armor and light armament of two machine guns. It was weak in combat but was a large part of Germany's tank forces. The Panzer I was replaced by the Panzer IV, Panther, and Tiger later on.

C.D. Lugo

C.D. Lugo is a football club which plays in Spain. C.D. Lugo consists of a subsidiary team, Polvorín FC, which currently competes in the RFEF Third Division.

High Point, North Carolina

High Point is a city in central North Carolina. In 2020, it had 114,059 people. It is southwest of Greensboro and southeast of Winston-Salem. High Point has furniture, textile and bus manufacturing.

High Point became a town in 1859.

Greenville, North Carolina

Greenville is the county seat of Pitt County, North Carolina, in the eastern part of the state. It is on Tar River. In 2020, it had 87,521 people.

Alice Coachman

Alice Marie Coachman (November 9, 1923 – July 14, 2014) was an American athlete. She specialized in high jump. She was the first black woman to win an Olympic gold medal. In 2002 she was designated a Women's History Month Honoree by the National Women's History Project.


Albany, Georgia

Albany is a city in and the county seat of Dougherty County, Georgia, United States. Albany is in the southwestern part of the state. The population was 69,647 at the 2020 U.S. Census, making it the twelfth-largest city in Georgia.

Legendary singer Ray Charles was born in Albany in 1930.



Oral rehydration therapy

Oral rehydration therapy is a treatment for dehydration: the sick person drinks water mixed with sugar and salt. They don't stop eating food. There is a mixture that is used for severe dehydration: This mixture also includes zinc. Those who take care of the sick person are taught how they can see it if the dehydration gets worse. The World Health Organization and UNICEF specify indications, preparations and procedures for ORT.

The therapy was developed in the second half of the 20th century. It has helped lower the number of human deaths from dehydration in vomiting and diarrheal illnesses, especially in cholera epidemics occurring in children. It is sign for public health getting better all over the world. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medication needed in a basic health system.

Before ORT was used often, most of the children who died in developing nations, died from diarrhea. Between 1980 and 2006, the introduction of ORT is thought to have lowered the number of young children who died anywhere in the world from 5 to 3 million every year. However, in 2008, diarrhea is still the second most common cause of death in children under five years (17 percent), (after pneumonia (19 percent)). Moreover, by the same year, the use of ORT in children under five had declined.

WHO and UNICEF developed official guidelines for how to make ORS. Depending on what materials are available, they propose different alternative preparations. Commercial preparations are available as either pre-prepared fluids or packets of oral rehydration salts (ORS) ready for mixing with the fluid.

WHO/UNICEF's formula is salt (NaCal), trisodium citrate dihydrate , KCl, anhydrous glucose (formula_1) per litre of fluid. 

A basic oral rehydration therapy solution is composed of salt, sugar, and water in solution, made using a standard ratio and is appropriate for use in situations when ORS must be prepared without the standard ingredients. 


The Rehydration Project says that making it a bit too thin (using more than 1 liter of fluid) is not bad for the sick person. 

The best fluid is plain, clean water. However, fluids such as rice water, coconut water, vegetable broth, yogurt, weak unsweetened tea, unsweetened fresh fruit juice or even non-drinking water are recommended when plain, clean water is unavailable. Water can be made safe with chlorine, or by boiling it. However, ORS should still be given even if the water is maybe unsafe. Rehydration is more important. 

The molar ratio of sugar to salt should be 1:1 and the solution should not be hyperosmolar. The Mayo clinic suggests half a teaspoon of salt, six level teaspoons of sugar and water. The British Columbia health service suggests 1 part fruit juice without sugar, mixed with 4 parts water.

Don Lenhardt

Donald Eugene "Don" Lenhardt (b. Alton, Illinois October 4, 1922 – July 9, 2014), nicknamed "Footsie", as son of Henry and Nettie (nee Rumple) Lenhardt, was an American baseballer of Danube Swabians Background of Austria-Hungary. He was an outfielder, first baseman, third baseman, scout and coach in Major League Baseball. He played for the St. Louis Browns, the Chicago White Sox, the Boston Red Sox and the Detroit Tigers between 1950 and 1954.

Lenhardt was born in Alton, Illinois. He was nicknamed "Footsie" by teammates because he often had a hard time finding shoes that fit him right.

Lenhardt died on July 9, 2014 in Chesterfield, Missouri, aged 91.


Kenneth J. Gray

Kenneth James Gray (November 14, 1924 – July 12, 2014) was an Americans politician, businessman and auctioneer. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a U.S. Representative from Illinois's 25th, 21st, 24th and 22nd congressional districts. He served as a Representative between 1955 to 1974 and 1985 to 1989.

Gray was born in West Frankfort, Illinois. He was a World War II veteran and got five medals for his service.

Gray died on July 12, 2014 in Herrin, Illinois, aged 89.

Peter Underwood

The Honourable Peter George Underwood (10 October 1937 – 7 July 2014) was an Australian jurist and politician. He was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Tasmania from 2004 to 2008. He was a judge of that court since 1984. He was the Governor of Tasmania from 2008 until his death in 2014. He replaced William Cox.

Underwood was born in the United Kingdom. He moved to Australia in 1950 at the age of 13. He served in the Royal Australian Navy and graduated from the University of Tasmania in 1960.

Underwood had a tumour removed from his kidney in early June 2014. However, he had a setback after coming back to office. He died from kidney cancer on 7 July 2014 in Hobart. He was 76.


Lois Johnson

Lois Johnson Scoggins (May 15, 1942 – July 7, 2014) was an American country music singer. She recorded for the record labels Columbia, MGM, 20th Century, Polydor between 1969 and 1978. She charted twenty singles on the Hot Country Songs charts. Her song "Loving You Will Never Grow Old" reached No. 6 in 1975. She toured with Hank Williams, Jr. between 1970 and 1973.

Johnson was born in Union County, Tennessee. She was raised in Maynardville, Tennessee.

Johnson died after a long illness on July 7, 2014 in Nashville, Tennessee, aged 72.

Robert C. Broomfield

Robert Cameron Broomfield (June 18, 1933 – July 10, 2014) was an American judge. He was a member of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona. President Ronald Reagan nominated him on May 15, 1985 and he was confirmed by the United States Senate on July 10, 1985. He served as chief judge from 1994 to 1999 and as a senior judge until his death.

Broomfield was born in Detroit, Michigan. He went to both the Pennsylvania State University and the University of Arizona College of Law.

Broomfield died from cancer on July 10, 2014 in Phoenix, Arizona, aged 81.

Canis

Canis is a genus with seven to ten living species. It incudes the domestic dog, wolves, coyotes, and jackals, and various extinct species. 'Canis' means "dog" in Latin.

Their canine teeth are adapted for killing, and their molar teeth can crunch bone. They are able to chase prey over long distances, far more so than felines.

Nancy Astor

Nancy Astor, Vicountess Astor CH (Nancy Witcher Langhorne Astor, 19 May 1879 2 May 1964) was an American-born English politician and socialite.

She was the first woman to sit as a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons. Her second husband was Waldorf Astor.

She was once asked by an English woman, "Have you come to get our husbands?" Her reply, "If you knew the trouble I had getting rid of mine..." charmed her listeners and displayed the wit which later became famous.
Her second husband, Waldorf Astor, was born in the United States but the family to England when Waldorf was twelve. The couple were well matched from the start. Not only were they both American expatriates with similar temperaments, but they were of the same age, being born on the same day, 19 May 1879.

After marrying Waldorf, Nancy moved into Cliveden, a lavish estate in Buckinghamshire on the River Thames. It was a wedding gift from Astor's father, She became a prominent hostess for the social elite. The Astors also owned a grand London house, No. 4 St. James's Square, which is now the premises of the Naval & Military Club.

A blue plaque unveiled in 1987 commemorates Astor at St. James's Square. Through her many social connections, Lady Astor became involved in a political circle which advocated unity and equality among English-speaking people and support for British imperialism.

Temptation of Wife (2012 TV series)

Temptation of Wife is a Philippine television drama series. It is broadcast by GMA Network.

Angeline and Heidi share a deep bond of friendship ever since Heidi was orphaned and was taken under the custody of Angeline's parents, Abner and Minda. Angeline grows up responsible and compassionate while Heidi, fueled by ambition and envy, secretly detests Angeline and always feels inferior next to her.
Many boys are attracted to Angeline but she falls in love with Marcel. It doesn't take long before Angeline becomes pregnant and gives up on her dreams of becoming a nurse in order to marry Marcel.
Although their marriage is void of happiness, Angeline tries to be an excellent wife to her husband, and takes good care of her in-laws, Romeo and Stella. However, she soon learns that the life she chose is full of lies and betrayals. Adding to her woes is her unexpected miscarriage. She soon discovers that Marcel is cheating on her and shocked to learn of Heidi’s treachery. Angeline is devastated by the thought of being betrayed by the two people closest to her heart.
Marcel decides to end his affair with Heidi but Heidi is already pregnant with his child. He chooses to live with her as Angeline is forced to go back and stay with her parents. But Angeline finds out that she, too, is pregnant with Marcel's child.
Heidi then tries to get rid of that child but ends up drowning Angeline herself by accident. But by a twist of fate, Angeline survives and is back for revenge. She assumes the identity of another woman and seeks out vengeance against Marcel and Heidi. Now, it's time for pay back and Angeline will do everything to taste the bittersweet part of her revenge.

Gert Voss

Gert Voss (10 October 1941 – 13 July 2014) was a German actor. He was known for his roles in "Der Kopf des Mohren" (1995), "Doktor Knock" (1996) and "Ritter, Dene, Voss" (1987). He was born in Shanghai, China.

Voss died in Vienna, Austria from leukemia, aged 72.

Alfred de Grazia

Alfred de Grazia (December 29, 1919 - July 12, 2014) was an American political scientist and author. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He developed techniques of computer-based social network analysis in the 1950s, developed new ideas about personal digital archives in the 1970s, and defended the catastrophism thesis of Immanuel Velikovsky.

On December 31, 2013, Alfred was awarded the highest French distinction, being made a Chevalier of the Legion of Honor by decree of President François Hollande. 



Alberto Cassano

Alberto Cassano (23 January 1935 – 12 July 2014) was an Argentine engineer and academic. He was a professor at the Universidad Nacional del Litoral during most of his career. He founded the program CONICET. He founded INTEC and CERIDE.

Cassano died in Santa Fe Province from a long illness, aged 79.

James MacGregor Burns

James MacGregor Burns (August 3, 1918 – July 15, 2014) was an American historian and political scientist, presidential biographer, and authority on leadership studies. He was the Woodrow Wilson Professor of Government Emeritus at Williams College and Distinguished Leadership Scholar at the James MacGregor Burns Academy of Leadership of the School of Public Policy at the University of Maryland, College Park. He was notable for writing books about Franklin D. Roosevelt.

Burns was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was raised in Burlington, Massachusetts. Burns studied at Lexington High School in Lexington, Massachusetts and at Williams College.

In 1971, Burns received the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award in History and Biography for his work on America's 32nd president, "".

Burns died in Williamstown, Massachusetts on July 15, 2014, aged 95.



Vange Leonel

Maria Evangelina "Vange" Leonel Gandolfo (May 4, 1963 – July 14, 2014) was a Brazilian singer-songwriter, journalist, novelist, playwright, feminist and LGBT activist. She was famous for her work with the now-defunct post-punk band Nau.

On July 14, 2014, Vange died after a long struggle with ovarian cancer. Her body was cremated one day later.


Robert A. Roe

Robert A. "Bob" Roe (February 28, 1924 – July 15, 2014) was an American Democratic Party politician. He represented New Jersey in the United States House of Representatives for over twenty-three years. He served from November 4, 1969 to January 3, 1993. He was also Mayor of Wayne, New Jersey.

Roe died at the age of 90 on July 15, 2014.

Jean Dausset

Jean-Baptiste-Gabriel-Joachim Dausset (October 19, 1916 – June 6, 2009) was a French immunologist.

Dausset won the Wolf Prize in Medicine in 1978. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1980 for his "discoveries concerning genetically determined structures on the cell surface that regulate immunological reactions". He shared the prize with Baruj Benacerraf and George Davis Snell. 

He was born on October 19, 1916 in Toulouse, France to Henri Dausset and Elisabeth Dausset (born Renard). Dausset was the youngest of four children. His father was a doctor from Pyrenees and his mother was a housewife from Lorraine. After World War I ended, the family moved to Biarritz where Jean would spend most of his childhood. His father worked at the Bayonne Hospital where he was a head doctor. Seeing this made a great impression on Jean. Jean was home schooled by his mother and a tutor who would come to the house. When Jean turned 11, his family moved to Paris and he began formal schooling at the Lycée Michel when he turned 15. After he was able to earn his baccalaureate in mathematics, he decided to study medicine at the University of Paris after being convinced by his father. Right after he became an extern at the Paris Hospitals when he turned 19, his parents both died. He was unable to pass his internship entrance exam at the Paris Hospitals on his first attempt. He was about to prepare for a second attempt but then World War II started. Dausset was sent off to Northern Italy for a year after he was enlisted in the French Army. After he spent a year there, he returned to Paris, studied and passed his medical internship exam. Soon after passing his exams, Dausset joined the Free French Forces in North Africa as an ambulance worker. He was first stationed in Morocco but was then moved to be stationed in the more active Tunisia. He got his first taste of hematology when he had to perform multiple blood transfusions on the wounded soldiers. When the war was winding down in 1944, Dausset decided to return to Paris and work in the Regional Blood Transfusion Center at the Saint-Antoine Hospital.

Assassination of Theo van Gogh

Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh was murdered by Mohammed Bouyeri in Amsterdam East, Netherlands in broad daylight. The director's last words, according to eyewitnesses, were "Mercy mercy! We can talk about this!"

The murderer Mohammed Bouyeri an Islamic extremist killed van Gogh. The reason for murdering Gogh was to oppose the controversial film which criticised Islam Submission. Bouyeri shot and stabbed van Gogh, then cut his throat. Finally the killer attached a 5 page letter to van Gogh's chest with a knife. Bouyeri was chased by Dutch police after shooting a bullet into Bouyeri's leg. Bouyeri was arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment without parole. Bouyeri stated, he doesn't have any regret for killing van Gogh. He termed the assassination as Jihad.

Van Gogh was buried in Amsterdam on 9 November, 2004. Van Gogh's son claimed that many assassination attempts were made but van Gogh refused to take police protection.

Sooner after van Gogh's assassination, Ayaan Hirsi Ali and Geert Wilders went into hiding. This is because Bouyeri made death threats against Hirsi as the writer of the film.

On 18 March 2007, a sculpture honoring van Gogh, entitled "De Schreeuw" ("The Scream"), was unveiled in Amsterdam. It is located in the Oosterpark, a short distance from where van Gogh was murdered.


Bernard Bailyn

Bernard Bailyn (9 September 1922 – 7 August 2020) was an American historian, author, and professor specializing in U.S. Colonial and Revolutionary-era History. He was a professor at Harvard University from 1953 until his death. Bailyn won the Pulitzer Prize for History twice (in 1968 and 1987). 

In 1998 the National Endowment for the Humanities selected him for the Jefferson Lecture. He was a recipient of the 2010 National Humanities Medal.

Bailyn died of heart failure at his home in Belmont, Massachusetts on August 7, 2020 at the age of 97.


Carl Neumann Degler

Carl Neumann Degler (February 6, 1921 in Newark, New Jersey – December 27, 2014 in Palo Alto, California) is an American historian. Degler served as president of the Organization of American Historians, president of the American Historical Association and president of the Southern Historical Association. He is the Margaret Byrne Professor of American History Emeritus at Stanford University.

Degler was born in Orange, New Jersey.


Orange, New Jersey

The City of Orange is a township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 34,447.


Shatsky Rise

The Shatsky Rise is an oceanic plateau southeast of Japan. It lies on the floor of the Pacific Ocean. 

It includes what may be the largest volcano yet discovered on Earth, the Tamu Massif. The Rise and its volcanics may have formed during the Upper Jurassic to Lower Cretaceous epochs. It is at the triple junction of three tectonic plates. These are the Pacific, the Farallon, and the Izanagi.

It was named after Nikolay Shatsky (1895-1960), a Soviet geologist. He was an expert in tectonics of ancient platforms.

Paul is dead

"Paul is dead" is an urban legend and conspiracy theory suggesting that Paul McCartney of the English rock band the Beatles died in 1966 and was secretly replaced by a look-alike.

In September 1969, American college students published articles claiming that clues to McCartney's supposed death could be found among the lyrics and artwork of the Beatles' recordings. Rumours declined after a contemporary interview with McCartney was published in "Life" magazine in November 1969.

Popular culture continues to make occasional reference to the legend, and McCartney poked fun at it with a 1993 live album titled "Paul Is Live", whose cover parodied "clues" allegedly on the cover of the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album.

The legend is based on a range of ideas. One theory says that facial recognition proves that a different person "became" Paul after 1966. The "Abbey Road" cover clues include:

Additionally, when the song "I'm So Tired" is played backwards, John Lennon can be heard saying "Paul is a dead man. Miss him, miss him, miss him." This was likely inserted into the song to poke fun at believers of the conspiracy theory.

La Junta, Colorado

The City of La Junta is a city that is the county seat and the most populous city of Otero County, Colorado, United States. The city population was 7,322 at the 2020 U.S. Census.

Victoria Peak

Victoria Peak (, or previously Chinese: ) is a mountain in the western part of Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong. It is also called Mount Austin and The Peak. Its altitude is . It is the highest mountain on the Hong Kong Island. 
In a broad sense Victoria Peak included Mount Austin, Victoria Gap, Mount Kellett and Mount Gough, Which are also apart of Peak District/The Peak.

(Tai Mo Shan is the highest mountain in Hong Kong).


Lammtarra

Lammtarra (February 2, 1992 – July 6, 2014) was an unbeaten Thoroughbred racehorse. He won three Group One races in 1995. He was voted the Cartier Three-year-old European Champion Colt. He won the Epsom Derby in record time, the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes and the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. The only other horse to win these races was Mill Reef.

Lammtarra was bred in Kentucky, United States. He was trained in both the U.S. and the United Kingdom. 

Lammtarra was first retired to Japan's Arrow Stud. He was later moved to England's Dalham Hall Stud in Newmarket, Suffolk. He died on July 6, 2014, at age 22.


Vintage Crop

Vintage Crop (1 March 1987 – 14 July 2014) was a Thoroughbred racehorse. In 1993, he won the Melbourne Cup, becoming the first non-Australian bred/trained horse to do so.

Vintage Crop was bred in the United Kingdom but was trained in Ireland.

Vintage Crop was retired to the Irish National Stud in Kildare, County Kildare. He died on 14 July 2014, aged 27.

William Holman Hunt

William Holman Hunt OM (2 April 1827 – 7 September 1910) was an English painter, and one of the founders of the Pre-Raphaelite brotherhood.

Hunt formed the Pre-Raphaelite movement in 1848, after meeting the poet and artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti. With John Everett Millais, they sought to revitalise art. They favoured the detailed observation of the natural world, in a spirit of devotion to thetruth. This almost religious approach was influenced by the spiritual qualities of mediaeval art. It was in opposition to the rationalism of the Renaissance, as in Raphael. 

Hunt's works were not successful at first, and were widely attacked in the art press. They were thought clumsy and ugly. All the same, his was noticed for the naturalistic scenes of modern rural and urban life, such as "The Hireling Shepherd" and "The Awakening Conscience". However, it was with his religious paintings that he became famous, initially "The Light of the World" (1851–1853), now in the chapel at Keble College, Oxford; a later version (1900) toured the world and now has its home in St Paul's Cathedral.

In the mid-1850s Hunt travelled to the Holy Land in search of material for more religious works, and to “use my powers to make more tangible Jesus Christ’s history and teaching”. there he painted "The Scapegoat", "The Finding of the Saviour in the Temple" and "The Shadow of Death", along with many landscapes of the region. Hunt also painted many works based on poems, such as "Isabella, or the Pot of Basil" and "The Lady of Shalott". He eventually built his own house in Jerusalem.

His auction record is £1,700,000, set at Sotheby's, London on 11 February 1994, for reduced-size version his 1873 work "The Shadow of Death".

His paintings were notable for their great attention to detail, vivid colour and elaborate symbolism. These features were influenced by the writings of John Ruskin and Thomas Carlyle, according to whom the world itself should be read as a system of visual signs. For Hunt it was the duty of the artist to reveal the correspondence between sign and fact. Out of all the members of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood Hunt remained most true to their ideals throughout his career. He was always keen to maximise the popular appeal and public visibility of his works.

He eventually had to give up painting because failing eyesight meant that he could not get the level of quality that he wanted. His last major works, "The Lady of Shalott" and a large version of "The Light of the World" were completed with the help of his assistant, Edward Robert Hughes.

Geoffroy's cat

Geoffroy's cat ("Leopardus geoffroyi") is a wild cat native to southern and central South America. It is about the size of a domestic cat. The species is relatively common in many areas, but is considered to be "near threatened" by IUCN.

The cat was examined and described by the early 19th century French anatomist Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire. He collected it on an expedition to South America.

Geoffroy's cats live in the Andes, Pampas (scrubby forest parts), and Gran Chaco landscape. They are found from southern Bolivia to the Straits of Magellan, at heights from sea level to . They prefer open woodland or scrubland habitats with plenty of cover, but are also found in grasslands and marshy areas. Although they are able to climb trees, they rarely do so, except to leave faeces to scent mark their territory.

Geoffroy's cat is nocturnal. It eats rodents, hares, small lizards, insects, and occasionally frogs and fish. Like other small cats, it is a solitary hunter, and only comes together during the mating season. Females have territories ranging from , while males have larger ranges, reaching up to .

Nicky Morgan

Nicola Ann Morgan, Baroness Morgan of Cotes, PC (born 1 October 1972) is a British politician. She was the Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport from 2019 to 2020.

Morgan was born in Kingston upon Thames and grew up in Surbiton. She studied law at St Hugh's College, Oxford. She became a solicitor in 1996. Morgan is a member of the Conservative Party. She was the Secretary of State for Education and Minister for women from 2014-2016. She was removed from her job by the new Prime Minister Theresa May. She was removed from these positions on 14 July 2016.

Alexandrine parakeet

The Alexandrine parakeet (binomial name Psittacula eupatria) is a parakeet, that lives in Asia: Afghanistan, Pakistan, India, Burma, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam. There are small colonies in some parts of Europe: Wiesbaden, Mainz and Cologne.

IOS 4

iOS 4 is the fourth version of the mobile software iOS, made by Apple Inc.. It was released on June 21, 2010. It was the first big change that was only called iOS, instead of iPhone OS. Some devices could not use iOS 4. This was also the first change that iPod Touch owners could have for free.

The iPhone 3G and iPod Touch 2 cannot use many apps at the same time. They also cannot set a home screen wallpaper. The iPhone 4, iPhone 3GS, and iPod Touch 3 & 4 have them. The first iPhone and the first iPod Touch cannot run iOS 4 or newer.

iOS 4.2.1 was released on November 22, 2010. It added iPad support. It was the last to allow iPhone 3G and iPod Touch 2nd generation usage.

iOS 4.0 only supported the iPhone and iPod Touch. iOS 4.0 was said to have more than 1500 new APIs for app creators. It also supported the multitasking feature for the first time. The final iOS version for the 2nd generation iPod Touch, and iPhone 3G is iOS 4.2.1. iOS 4.2.1 was the first version to make iPhones and iPads use the same operating system. 

iOS 4.1 was the first version of iOS for the Apple TV 2. It also had Apple TV Software 4.0.

Virginia Halas McCaskey

Virginia Halas McCaskey (born January 5, 1923) is the principal owner of the Chicago Bears of the National Football League. She is the eldest child of legendary Bears coach and owner George Halas, who left the team to his daughter upon his death in 1983.

Along with her children and grandchildren, she controls 80% of the team. After the death of Ralph Wilson in March of 2014, she became the oldest owner in the NFL.

On January 5, 2023, McCaskey turned 100 years old.

Mrs. Parkington

Mrs. Parkington is a 1944 American drama movie. It stars Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon. It is about a woman's life, from being a hotel maid to being a society matron. The story is told in flashbacks.

This movie was released in the United States on October 12, 1944.

Roberto Martínez

Roberto Martínez Montoliú (born 13 July 1973) is a Spanish football manager and former footballer. He is currently the manager of the Portugal national team.







C.F. Balaguer

Club de Futbol Balaguer is a from Balaguer, Catalonia. It currently plays in . Their stadium is "Municipal de Balaguer", with a capacity of 2,000 seats.



Balaguer

Balaguer (, ) is the capital of the Noguera comarca. It is located in the Province of Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.

Club América

Club de Fútbol América S.A. de C.V., commonly known as Club América or América, is a Mexican professional football club from Mexico City. It competes in the Liga MX. The team's nickname is "Las Águilas" (The Eagles).

América is the most successful club in Mexico. They won a record twelve national titles. América also have eight FIFA recognized international club trophies. They have won five CONCACAF Champions' Cups, two Copa Interamericana cups, and one CONCACAF Giants Cup.





Cruz Azul

Cruz Azul Fútbol Club, A.C., known simply as Cruz Azul (, "Blue Cross"), is a football club from Mexico City, Mexico. It was originally from , Hidalgo.

Cruz Azul is the most successful club in CONCACAF Champions League, The club has won six titles. They are also the third most popular team in Mexico (after Guadalajara and Club América).

Currently this team plays in Estadio Azul in Mexico City.

















C.D. Guadalajara

Club Deportivo Guadalajara is a Mexican professional football club from Guadalajara, Jalisco. Guadalajara plays in the Liga MX. They won 12 First Division titles, 7 Campeón de Campeones, 1 InterLiga, 1 Copa Challenger, 4 Copa Oros de Occidente, and 2 Copa México.

Amateur era:


Professional era:






 

Mike Sandlock

Michael Joseph Sandlock (October 17, 1915 – April 4, 2016) was a former utility player in Major League Baseball who played for three different teams from 1942 to 1953. Listed at , 180 lb., he was a switch-hitter and threw right-handed. 

He was born in Old Greenwich, Connecticut. With the death of Connie Marrero on April 23, 2014, Sandlock was the oldest living former major league player until his death in 2016. Sandlock died at his home on April 4, 2016 in Cos Cob, Connecticut. He was 100 years old.


Oribe Peralta

Oribe Peralta Morones (born 12 January 1984) is a Mexican footballer. He currently plays as a striker for América of the Liga MX and the Mexico national team. 

Peralta started his career with Monarcas Morelia in 2003. He then made moves to León and Monterrey in 2004 and 2006. Peralta was then sold to Santos Laguna, then loaned out to Chiapas in 2008. After his return from loan, Peralta was a mainstay with Santos Laguna for the next five years. There, he played in over 200 matches and scored over 70 goals. In May 2014 Peralta made a high profile move to Club América.

Peralta has also been a Mexico international. He scored two goals in the gold medal match at the 2012 Olympic football tournament against Brazil. It was the first Olympic gold medal for Mexico in football.





Cuban Americans

The term Cuban American refers to any Americans whose ancestors came from Cuba. Cuban Americans are the third largest Hispanic group in the United States. South Florida, the Tampa Bay area, Atlanta and certain parts of the New York metropolitan area have large Cuban communities. California, New Jersey, New York, Texas and Florida have many Cuban people.

Lennie Merullo

Leonard Richard Merullo (May 5, 1917 – May 30, 2015) was an American professional baseball player. He played shortstop in the Major Leagues from 1941 to 1947. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Johnny Pesky

John Michael "Johnny" Pesky (born John Michael Paveskovich; February 27, 1919 – August 13, 2012), nicknamed "The Needle" and "Mr. Red Sox", was an American professional baseball player, manager and coach. He was a shortstop and third baseman during a ten-year major league playing career, appearing in 1,270 games played in 1942 and from 1946 to 1954 for three different teams.

Bobby Doerr

Robert Pershing "Bobby" Doerr (April 7, 1918 – November 13, 2017) was a former Major League Baseball second baseman and coach. He played his entire 14-year baseball career for the Boston Red Sox (1937–1951). 

Doerr achieved a batting average over .300 in several seasons. He set Red Sox team records in several statistical categories. He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1986.

Doerr died at his home in Junction City, Oregon on November 13, 2017 of natural causes at the age of 99, five months short of his 100th birthday.

David Halberstam

David Halberstam (April 10, 1934 – April 23, 2007) was an American journalist and historian of Jewish descent. He was known for his early work on the Vietnam War, his work on politics, history, the Civil Rights Movement, business, media, American culture, and his later sports journalism. He won a Pulitzer Prize for journalism in 1964.


Civil Rights Movement

The Civil Rights Movement was a social movement in the United States that tried to gain equal rights for African Americans that white people had. The movement is famous for using non-violent protests and civil disobedience (peacefully refusing to follow unfair laws). Activists used strategies like boycotts, sit-ins, and protest marches. Sometimes police or racist white people would attack them, but the activists never fought back.

However, the Civil Rights Movement was made up of many different people and groups. Not everyone believed the same things. For example, the Black Power movement believed black people should demand their civil rights and force white leaders to give them those rights.

The Civil Rights Movement was also made of people of different races and religions. The Movement's leaders and most of its activists were African-American. However, the Movement got political and financial support from labor unions, religious groups, and some white politicians, like Lyndon B. Johnson. Activists of all races came to join African-Americans in marches, sit-ins, and protests.

The Civil Rights Movement was very successful. It helped to get five federal laws and two amendments to the Constitution passed. These officially protected African Americans' rights. It also helped change many white people's attitudes about the way black people were treated and the rights they deserved.

Before the American Civil War, there were almost four million black slaves in the United States. Only white men with property could vote, and only white people could be United States citizens.

After the Civil War, the United States government passed three Constitutional amendments:

After the Civil War, the U.S. government tried to enforce the rights of ex-slaves in the South through a process called Reconstruction. However, in 1877, Reconstruction ended. By the 1890s, the Southern states' legislatures were all-white again. Southern Democrats, who did not support civil rights for blacks, completely ruled the South. This gave them a lot of power in the United States Congress. For example, Southern Democrats were able to make sure that laws against lynching did not pass.

Starting in 1890, Southern Democrats began to pass state laws that took away the rights African Americans had gained. These racist laws became known as Jim Crow laws. For example, they included:


In 1896, the United States Supreme Court ruled in a case called "Plessy v. Ferguson" that these laws were legal. They said that having things be "separate but equal" was fine. In the South, everything was separate. However, places like black schools and libraries got much less money and were not as good as places for whites. Things were separate, but not equal.

Violence against black people increased. Individuals, groups, police, and huge crowds of people could hurt or even kill African Americans, without the government trying to stop them or punishing them. Lynchings became more common.

Problems were worse in the South. However, social discrimination and tensions affected African Americans in other areas as well.

Segregation in housing was a problem across the United States. Many African Americans could not get mortgages to buy houses. Realtors would not sell black people houses in the suburbs, where white people lived. They also would not rent apartments in white areas. Until the 1950s, the federal government did nothing about this.

When he was elected in 1913, President Woodrow Wilson made government offices segregated. He believed that segregation was best for everyone.

Black people fought in both World War I and World War II. However, the military was segregated, and they were not given the same opportunities as white soldiers. After activism from black veterans, President Harry Truman de-segregated the military in 1948.

African Americans tried to fight back against discrimination in many ways. They formed new groups and tried to form labor unions. They tried to use the courts to get justice. For example, in 1909, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) was created. It fought to end race discrimination through lawsuits, education, and lobbying.

However, eventually, many African Americans became frustrated and began to dislike the idea of using slow, legal strategies to achieve desegregation. Instead, African American activists decided to use a combination of protests, nonviolence, and civil disobedience. This is how the Civil Rights Movement of 1954-1968 began.

Schools in the South, and some other parts of the country, had been segregated since 1896. In that year, the Supreme Court had ruled in "Plessy v. Ferguson" that segregation was legal, as long as things were "separate but equal."

In 1951, thirteen black parents filed a class action lawsuit against the Board of Education in Topeka, Kansas. In the lawsuit, the parents argued that the black and white schools were not "separate but equal." They said the black school was much worse than the white one.

The lawsuit eventually went to the United States Supreme Court. After years of work, Thurgood Marshall and a team of other NAACP lawyers won the case. The Supreme Court ruled that segregated schools were illegal. All nine Supreme Court judges agreed.

In their decision, the Court said:

"We conclude that, in ... public education, the doctrine of "separate but equal" has no place. Separate educational facilities are inherently unequal." 

This was the Civil Rights Movement's first major victory. However, "Brown" did not reverse "Plessy v. Ferguson." Brown made segregation in schools illegal. But segregation in all other places was still legal.

Civil rights leaders focused on Montgomery, Alabama, because the segregation there was so extreme. On December 1, 1955, local black leader Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat on a public bus to make room for a white passenger. Parks and was a civil rights activist and NAACP member; she had just returned from a training on nonviolent civil disobedience. She was arrested.

African-Americans gathered and organized the Montgomery Bus Boycott. They decided they would not ride on the buses again until they were treated the same as whites. Under segregation, blacks could not sit in front of whites - they had to sit in the back of the bus. Also, if a white person told a black person to move so they could sit down, the black person had to.

Most of Montgomery's 50,000 African Americans took part in the boycott. It lasted for 381 days and almost bankrupt the bus system. Meanwhile, the NAACP had been working on a lawsuit about segregation on buses. In 1956, they won the case, and the Supreme Court ordered Alabama to de-segregate its buses. The boycott ended with a victory.

In 1957, the NAACP had signed up nine African American students (called the "Little Rock Nine") to go to Little Rock Central High School in Little Rock, Arkansas. Before this, only whites were allowed at the school. However, the Little Rock School Board had agreed to follow the Supreme Court's decision in "Brown v. Board of Education" and de-segregate its schools.

Then came the black students' first day of school. The Governor of Arkansas called out soldiers from the Arkansas National Guard to prevent the black students from even entering the school. This was against a Supreme Court ruling, so President Dwight D. Eisenhower got involved. He took control of the Arkansas National Guard and ordered them to leave the school. Then he sent soldiers from the United States Army to protect the students. This was an important civil rights victory. It meant the federal government was willing to get involved and force states to end segregation in schools.

Unfortunately, the Little Rock Nine were treated very badly by many of the white students at the school. At the end of the school year, Little Rock Central High School closed so it would not have to allow black students the next year. Other schools across the South did the same thing.

Between 1958 and 1960, activists used sit-ins to protest segregation at lunch counters (small restaurants inside stores). They would sit at the lunch counter and politely ask to buy some food. When they were told to leave, they would continue to sit quietly at the counter. Often they would stay until the lunch counter closed. Groups of activists would keep coming back to sit in at the same places until those places agreed to serve African Americans at their lunch counters.

In 1958, the NAACP organized the first sit-in in Wichita, Kansas. They sat in at a lunch counter in a store called Dockum's Drug Store. After three weeks, they got the store to de-segregate. Not long after, all of the Dockum Drug Stores in Kansas were de-segregated. Next, students in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma led a successful sit-in at another drug store.

In 1960, college students (including some white students) began to sit in at a Woolworth's lunch counter in Greensboro, North Carolina. After a while, they began to sit in at other lunch counters. In the stores that held these lunch counters, sales dropped by one-third. These stores de-segregated to avoid continuing to lose money. After five months of sit-ins, the Woolworth's in Greensboro also de-segregated its lunch counter. Newspapers all over the country wrote about the Greensboro sit-ins. Soon, people started sitting in across the South.

A few days after the Greensboro students started their sit-in, students in Nashville, Tennessee began their own sit-ins. They chose stores in the part of Nashville that had the most businesses. Before starting their sit-ins, they decided they would not be violent, no matter what. They wrote out rules, which activists in other cities began to use also. Their rules said:

"Do not [hit] back or curse if abused. ... Do not block entrances to stores outside [or] the aisles inside. [Be polite] and friendly at all times. Do sit straight; always face the counter. ... Do refer information seekers to your leader in a polite manner. Remember the teachings of Jesus, Gandhi, Martin Luther King. Love and nonviolence is the way."
Many of the Nashville students were attacked and abused by groups of white people; arrested; and even beaten by police. However, the students were always nonviolent. Their protests, and the attacks on them, brought more newspaper stories and attention. It also showed how the activists were truly nonviolent. After three months of sit-ins, all of the lunch counters in Nashville's downtown department stores were de-segregated.

Soon, there were sit-ins all over the country. Sit-ins even happened in Nevada, and in northern states like Ohio. Over 70,000 people, black and white, took part in sit-ins. They used sit-ins to protest all kinds of segregated places - not just lunch counters, but also beaches, parks, museums, libraries, swimming pools, and other public places.

The sit-ins even got the support of President Eisenhower. After the Greensboro sit-ins started, he said he was "deeply sympathetic with the efforts of any group to enjoy the rights of equality that they are guaranteed by the Constitution."

In April 1960, students who had led sit-ins were invited to a conference. At the conference, they decided to form the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC). SNCC would become an important group in the civil rights movement.

In 1960, the Supreme Court had ruled in "Boynton v. Virginia" that it was illegal to segregate people on public transportation that was going from one state to another. In 1961, student activists decided to test whether the Southern states would follow this ruling. Groups of black and white activists decided to ride buses through the South, sitting together instead of segregating themselves. They planned to ride buses from Washington, D.C., to New Orleans, Louisiana. They called these rides the "Freedom Rides."

The Freedom Riders were met with danger and violence. For example:


The Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) brought in more Freedom Riders to keep the movement going. They were also met with violence:


However, people around the country began to support the Freedom Riders, who had never used violence, even when being attacked. Eventually, Robert Kennedy, the Attorney General in his brother John F. Kennedy's government, insisted on a new law about de-segregation. It said that:

Between 1961 and 1965, activist groups worked on trying to get black people registered (signed up) to vote. Since the end of Reconstruction, the Southern states had passed laws and used many strategies to keep black people from registering to vote. Often, these laws did not apply to white people.

Voter registration activists started out in Mississippi. All of Mississippi's civil rights organizations joined together to try to get people registered. Activist groups in Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia, and South Carolina then started similar programs. However, when the activists tried to register black people to vote, police, white racists, and the Ku Klux Klan beat, arrested, shot, and even murdered them.

Meanwhile, black people who tried to register to vote were fired from their jobs, thrown out of their homes, beaten, arrested, threatened, and sometimes murdered.

In 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was passed. It made discrimination illegal, and specifically said it was illegal to have different voter registration requirements for different races. However, even after this law was passed, the Southern states still made it very difficult for black people to vote. Finally, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 was passed. This law included ways to make sure that all United States citizens were getting their right to vote.

Starting in 1956, a black man named Clyde Kennard wanted to go to Mississippi Southern College. Kennard had served in the Korean War, and he wanted to use the GI Bill to go to college. The college's president, William McCain, asked state politicians and a local racist group who supported segregation to make sure Kennard never got into the college.

Kenner was arrested twice for crimes he never committed. Eventually he was convicted and sentenced to seven years in prison. After Kennard had spent three years in prison doing forced labor, Governor Ross Barnett pardoned him. Journalists had looked into Kennard's case, and wrote that the state did not give Kennard the treatment he needed for his colon cancer. Kennard died that same year. Later, in 2006, a court ruled that Kennard was innocent of the crimes he had been sent to jail for .
In September 1962, James Meredith won a lawsuit that gave him the right to go to the University of Mississippi. He tried three times to get into the university to sign up for classes. Governor Ross Barnett blocked Meredith each time. He told Meredith: "[N]o school will be integrated in Mississippi while I am your Governor."

Attorney General Robert Kennedy sent United States Marshals to protect Meredith. On September 30, 1962, Meredith was able to enter the college with the Marshals protecting him. However, that evening, students and other racist whites started a riot. They threw rocks and fired guns at the Marshals. Two people were killed; 28 marshals were shot; and another 160 people were hurt. President John F. Kennedy sent the United States Army to the school to stop the riot. Meredith was able to begin classes at the college the day after the Army arrived. Meredith survived harassment and isolation at the college and graduated on August 18, 1963, with a a degree in political science.

Meredith and other activists kept working on de-segregating public universities. In 1965, the first two African American students were able to go to the University of Southern Mississippi.

In 1963, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) started a campaign in Birmingham, Alabama. Its goals were to de-segregate the stores in downtown Birmingham; make hiring fair; and create a committee, including blacks and whites, that would make a plan for de-segregating Birmingham's schools. Martin Luther King described Birmingham as "probably the most [completely] segregated city in the United States."
Birmingham's Commissioner of Public Safety was Eugene "Bull" Connor. (A Commissioner of Public Safety is in charge of the police and fire department, and deals with emergencies that could be dangerous to people in the city.) Connor was very much against integration. He often let the police, Ku Klux Klan, and racist white people attack civil rights activists. He promised that blacks and whites would never be integrated in Birmingham.

The activists used a few different non-violent ways of protesting, including sit-ins, "kneel-ins" at local churches, and marches. However, the city got a court order saying all protests like this were illegal. The activists knew this was illegal, and in an act of civil disobedience, they refused to follow the court order. The protesters, including Martin Luther King, were arrested.

While in jail, King was held in solitary confinement. While there, he wrote his famous "Letter from Birmingham Jail." He was let go after about a week.

However, very few activists could afford to risk being arrested. One of SCLC's leaders then came up with the idea of training high school, college, and elementary school students to take part in the protests. He reasoned that students did not have full-time jobs to go to, they did not have families to take care of, and they could "afford" to be in jail more than their parents.

"Newsweek" magazine later named this plan the "Children's Crusade." On May 2, more than 600 students, including some as young as 8 years old, tried to march from a local church to City Hall. They were all arrested.
The next day, another 1,000 students started to march. Bull Connor let police dogs loose to attack them and used fire hoses to knock down the students. Reporters were there, and videos and pictures showing the violence were shown on television and printed across the country.

People throughout the United States were so angry at seeing these videos that President Kennedy worked with the SCLC and the white businesses in Birmingham to work out an agreement. It said:

Some of Birmingham's whites were not happy with this agreement. They bombed the SCLC's headquarters; the home of King's brother; and a hotel where King had been staying. Thousands of blacks reacted by rioting; some burned buildings and one even stabbed and hurt a police officer.

On September 15, 1963, the Ku Klux Klan bombed a church in Birmingham, where civil rights activists often met before starting their marches. Since it was a Sunday, church services were going on. The bomb killed four young girls and hurt 22 other people.

During the spring and summer of 1963, there were protests in over a hundred United States cities, including Northern cities. There were riots in Chicago after a white police officer shot a 14-year-old black boy who was running away from the scene of a robbery. In Philadelphia and Harlem, black activists and white workers fought when the activists tried to integrate state-run construction projects. On June 6, over a thousand white people attacked a sit-in in North Carolina; black activists fought back, and a white man was killed.

In Cambridge, Maryland, white leaders declared martial law to stop fighting between blacks and whites. Attorney General Robert Kennedy had to get involved to create an agreement to de-segregate the city.

On June 11, 1963, Alabama Governor George Wallace actually stood in the doorway of the University of Alabama to stop its first two black students from getting inside. President Kennedy had to send United States soldiers to make him get out of the doorway, and make sure that the black students could get into the school.

Meanwhile, the Kennedy government had become very worried. Black leaders had told Robert Kennedy that it was getting harder and harder for African Americans to be nonviolent when they were getting attacked, and when it was taking so long for the United States government to help them get their civil rights. On the evening of June 11, President Kennedy gave a speech about civil rights. He talked about "a rising tide of discontent [unhappiness] that threatens the public safety." He asked Congress to pass new civil rights laws. He also asked Americans to support civil rights as "a moral issue ... in our daily lives."

In the early morning of June 12, Medgar Evers, a leader of the Mississippi NAACP, was murdered by a Ku Klux Klan member. The next week, President Kennedy gave Congress his Civil Rights bill, and asked them to make it into law.

In 1963, civil rights leaders planned a protest march in Washington, D.C. All of the major civil rights groups, some labor unions, and other liberal groups cooperated in planning the march. The march's full name was "The March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom." The goals for the march were to get civil rights laws passed; to get the U.S. government to create more jobs; and to get equal, good housing, education, jobs, and voting rights for everyone. However, the most important goal was to get President Kennedy's civil rights law passed.

Many people thought it would be impossible for so many activists to come together without violence and rioting. The United States government got 19,000 soldiers ready nearby, in case of riots. Hospitals got ready to treat huge numbers of injured people. The government made selling alcohol in Washington, D.C., illegal for the day.

The March on Washington was one of the largest non-violent protests for human rights in United States history. Martin Luther King, Jr., thought that having 100,000 marchers would make the event successful. On August 28, 1963, about 250,000 activists from all over the country came together for the march. The marchers included about 60,000 white people (including church groups and labor union members), and between 75 and 100 members of Congress. Together, they marched from the Washington Monument to the Lincoln Memorial. There, they listened to civil rights leaders speak.

Martin Luther King, Jr., spoke last. His speech, called "I Have a Dream," became one of history's most famous civil rights speeches.

Historians have said that the March on Washington helped get President Kennedy's civil rights bill passed.

Malcolm X was an American minister who converted to Islam in prison, around 1948. He became a member of the Nation of Islam. This group believed in black supremacy - that the black race was the best of all. They believed that blacks should be completely independent from whites, and should eventually return to Africa. They also believed that black people had the right to fight back and use violence to get their rights. Because of this, Malcolm X and the Nation of Islam did not support the civil rights movement, because it was non-violent and supported integration.

However, in March 1964, Malcolm X was kicked out of the Nation of Islam, because he had disagreements with the group's leader, Elijah Muhammad. He offered to work with other civil rights groups, if they accepted that blacks had the right to defend themselves.

On March 26, 1964, Malcolm met with Martin Luther King, Jr. Malcolm had a plan to bring the United States before the United Nations on charges that the U.S. violated African Americans' human rights. Dr. King may have been planning to support this.

Between 1963 and 1964, civil rights activists got more angry and more likely to fight back against whites. In April 1964, Malcolm gave a famous speech called "The Ballot or the Bullet." ("The ballot" means "voting.") In the speech, he said that if the U.S. government is "unwilling or unable to defend the lives and the property of Negroes," then African Americans should defend themselves. He warned politicians that many African Americans were not willing "to turn the other cheek any longer." Then he warned white America about what would happen if blacks were not allowed to vote:
<br>

In the summer of 1964, civil rights groups brought almost 1,000 activists to Mississippi. Most of them were white college students. Their goals were to work together with black activists to register voters, and to teach summer school to black children in "Freedom Schools." They also wanted to help create the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party (MFDP). At the time, only white people could take part in the Mississippi Democratic Party. The MFDP was planned as another political party that would allow black and white Democrats to take part in politics.

Many white Mississippians were angry that people from other states were coming in and trying to change their society. Government workers, police, the Ku Klux Klan, and other racist whites used many strategies to attack the activists and black people who were trying to register to vote. The Freedom Summer project lasted for ten weeks. During that time, 1,062 activists were arrested; 80 were beaten; and 4 were killed. Three black Mississippians were murdered because they supported civil rights. Thirty-seven churches, and thirty black homes or businesses, were bombed or burned.

On June 21, 1964, three Freedom Summer activists disappeared. Weeks later, their bodies were found. They had been murdered by members of the local Ku Klux Klan - including some who were also police in the Neshoba County sheriff's department. When people were searching for their bodies in local swamps and rivers, they found the bodies of a 14-year-old boy and seven other men who also seemed to have been murdered at some time.

During Freedom Summer, activists set up at least 30 Freedom Schools, and taught about 3,500 students. The students included children, adults, and the elderly. The schools taught about many things, like black history; civil rights; politics; the freedom movement; and the basic reading and writing skills needed to vote.

Also during the summer, about 17,000 black Mississippians tried to register to vote. Only 1,600 were able to. However, more than 80,000 joined the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party (MFDP). This showed that they wanted to vote and take part in politics, not just let white people do it for them.

John F. Kennedy's suggested civil rights bill had support from Northern members of Congress - both Democrats and Republicans. However, Southern Senators blocked the suggested law from passing. They filibustered for 54 days to block the bill from becoming a law. Finally, President Lyndon B. Johnson got a bill to pass.

On July 2, 1964, Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The law said:

In December 1964, Martin Luther King was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. When giving him the award, the Chairman of the Nobel Committee said:
In January 1965, Martin Luther King and the SCLC went to Selma, Alabama. Civil rights groups there had asked them to come help get black people registered to vote. At the time, 99% of the people registered to vote in Selma were white. Together, they started working on voting rights.

However, the next month, an African-American man named Jimmie Lee Jackson was shot by a police officer during a peaceful march. Jackson died. Many African-American people were very angry. The SCLC was worried that people were so angry that they would get violent.
The SCLC decided to organize a march from Selma to Montgomery. This would be a 54-mile (87-kilometer) march. Activists hoped the march would show how badly African-Americans wanted to vote. They also wanted to show that they would not let racism or violence stop them from getting equal rights.

The first march was on March 7, 1965. Police officers and racist whites attacked the marchers with clubs and tear gas. They threatened to throw the marchers off the Edmund Pettus Bridge. Seventeen marchers had to go to the hospital, and 50 others were also injured. This day came to be called Bloody Sunday. Pictures and film of the marchers being beaten were shown in newspapers and on television around the world.

Seeing these things made more people support the civil rights activists. People came from all over the United States to march with the activists. One of them, James Reeb, was attacked by white people for supporting civil rights. He died on March 11, 1965.

Finally, President Johnson decided to send soldiers from the United States Army and the Alabama National Guard to protect the marchers. From March 21 to March 25, the marchers walked along the "Jefferson Davis Highway" from Selma to Montgomery. On March 25, 25,000 people entered Montgomery. Martin Luther King gave a speech called "How Long? Not Long" at the Alabama State Capitol. He told the marchers that it would not be long before they had equal rights, "because the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice."

After the march, Viola Liuzzo, a white woman from Detroit, drove some other marchers to the airport. While she was driving back, she was murdered by three members of the Ku Klux Klan.

On August 6, 1965, the United States passed the Voting Rights Act. This law made it illegal to stop somebody from voting because of their race. This meant that all the state laws that kept black people from voting were now illegal.

For almost 100 years, registrars (the government workers who had registered people to vote) were all white. They had total power over who they could register and who they would not register. If a registrar refused to let a black person register, that person could only file a lawsuit, which they were not likely to win. However, the Voting Rights Act finally made a change to this system. If a registrar discriminated against black people, the Attorney General could send federal workers to replace local registrars.

The law worked right away. Within a few months, 250,000 new black voters had signed up to vote. One out of every three of them was registered by a federal worker who replaced a racist registrar. In 1965, 74% of Mississippi's black voters actually voted, and more black politicians were elected in Mississippi than in any other state. By 1967, most African Americans were registered to vote in 9 of the 13 states in the South.

Politics in the South were completely changed by African Americans having the power to vote. White politicians could no longer make laws about African Americans without blacks having a say. In many parts of the South, black people outnumbered whites. This meant that they could vote in black politicians, and vote out racist whites. Also, black people who were registered to vote could be on juries. Before this, any time an African American was charged with a crime, the jury that decided whether they were guilty would be all-white.

From 1966 to 1968, the civil rights movement focused a lot on fair housing. Even outside the South, fair housing was a problem. For example, in 1963, California passed a Fair Housing Act which made segregation in housing illegal. White voters and real estate lobbyists got the law reversed the next year. This helped cause the Watts Riots. (Later, in 1966, California made the Fair Housing Act the law again.)
Activists, including Martin Luther King, led a movement for fair housing in Chicago in 1966. The next year, young NAACP members did the same in Milwaukee. Activists in both cities got attacked physically by white homeowners, and legally by politicians who supported segregation.

Of all the civil rights laws passed during the Civil Rights Movement, the Fair Housing Act was the hardest to pass. The law would make discrimination in housing illegal. This meant black people would be allowed to move into white neighborhoods. As Senator Walter Mondale said: "This was civil rights getting personal."

The suggested Fair Housing Bill was sent to the United States Senate first. There, most Senators - Northern and Southern - were against the bill. In March of 1968, the Senate sent a weaker version to the House of Representatives. The House was expected to make changes that would make the bill even weaker.

That did not happen. On April 4, 1968, Martin Luther King was murdered. This made many members of Congress feel like they needed to do something about civil rights quickly. The day after Dr. King's murder, Senator Mondale stood in front of the Senate and said:

On April 10, Congress passed the Civil Rights Act of 1968. President Johnson signed the law the next day. Part of the law is called the "Fair Housing Act." It makes it illegal to discriminate in selling, renting, or lending money for housing, based on a person's race, skin color, religion, or home country.

In 1968, Martin Luther King and the SCLC were planning the Poor People's Campaign. People of all races took part in the movement. The movement's goal was to decrease poverty for people of all races.

As part of his work against poverty, Dr. King and the SCLC started to speak out against the Vietnam War. King argued that poor people in Vietnam were being killed, and that the War would only make them poorer. He also argued that the United States was spending more and more money and time on the War, and less on programs to help poor Americans.

In March 1968, Dr. King was invited to Memphis, Tennessee to support garbage workers that were on strike. These workers were paid very little, and two workers had been killed doing their jobs. They wanted to be members of a labor union. Dr. King thought this strike was a perfect fit for his Poor People's Campaign. As soon as he got to Memphis, King started getting threats.

The day before he was murdered, King gave a sermon called "I've Been to the Mountaintop." The next day he was murdered. After King was killed, people rioted in more than 100 cities across the United States.

Civil rights leader Ralph Abernathy continued the Poor People's Campaign after King's death. About 3,000 activists camped out on the National Mall in Washington, D.C., for about six weeks.

The day before Dr. King's funeral, his wife, Coretta Scott King, and three of their children led 20,000 marchers through Memphis. Soldiers protected the marchers. On April 9, Mrs. King led another 150,000 people through Atlanta during Dr. King's funeral. An old, wooden wagon, pulled by mules, pulled Dr. King's casket. The wagon was a symbol of Dr. King's Poor People's Campaign.

Mrs. King once said:

Many people were killed during the Civil Rights Movement. Some were killed because they supported civil rights. Others were killed by the Ku Klux Klan (KKK) or other racist whites who wanted to terrorize black people. No one knows just how many people were killed during the Civil Rights Movement. However, here are some examples. People whose names are highlighted in blue were children or teenagers when they were killed.

An unknown number of other people died or were killed during the Civil Rights Movement.


Elżbieta Czyżewska

Elżbieta Justyna Czyżewska (May 14, 1938 – June 17, 2010) was a Polish actress. She was active in both Poland and the United States. She was known for her role in "The Saragossa Manuscript" (1964).

She died on June 17, 2010 in Manhattan, New York City at the age of 72 from esophageal cancer.


Jerzy Skolimowski

Jerzy Skolimowski (, born 5 May 1938) is a Polish movie director, screenwriter, dramatist and actor. Skolimowski has directed more than twenty movies since 1960. His first movie was "Oko wykol" ("The Menacing Eye"). 

Skolimowski was born in Łódź, Poland. He was the son of Maria (née Postnikoff) and Stanisław Skolimowski, an architect.


John Guare

John Guare (rhymes with "air"; born February 5, 1938) is an American playwright. He is best known as the author of "The House of Blue Leaves", "Six Degrees of Separation", and "Landscape of the Body".

Guare was born in New York City and raised in Jackson Heights, Queens. He was raised a Roman Catholic.


Louis Malle

Louis Malle (30 October 1932 – 23 November 1995) was a French movie director, screenwriter, and producer. His movie, "Le Monde du silence", won the Palme d'Or and Academy Award for Best Documentary in 1956. He was also nominated multiple times for Academy Awards later in his career.

His most famous movies are "Ascenseur pour l'échafaud" (1958), "Lacombe Lucien" (1974), "Atlantic City" (1980), "My Dinner with Andre" (1981), and "Au revoir, les enfants" (1987).

Malle died from lymphoma at their home in Beverly Hills, California on 23 November 1995.


Georg von Hertling

Georg Friedrich Graf von Hertling (31 August 1843 – 4 January 1919) was German Bavarian politician. He served as Minister-President of Bavaria 1912–1917 and then as Minister-President of Prussia and Chancellor of the German Empire from 1917 to 1918 under Kaiser Wilhelm II during World War 1 until in 1918 when became the Weimar Republic . 

David Mamet

David Alan Mamet (; born November 30, 1947) is an American playwright, essayist, screenwriter, and movie director. Mamet has won a Pulitzer Prize and received Tony nominations for "Glengarry Glen Ross" (1984) and "Speed-the-Plow" (1988).

Alan Bennett

Alan Bennett (born 9 May 1934) is an English playwright, screenwriter, actor and author. His work includes "The Madness of George III" and its movie adaptation, the series of monologues "Talking Heads", the play and the movie "The History Boys", and popular audio books, including his readings of "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" and "Winnie-the-Pooh".

Bennett was born in Armley in Leeds. He has a degree in history from Exeter College, Oxford. He is openly gay.

Randall Stout

Randall Stout (May 6, 1958 – July 11, 2014) was an American architect.

Stout was born in Knoxville, Tennessee.

His best known works were the Hunter Museum of American Art in Chattanooga, Tennessee, the Taubman Museum of Art in Roanoke, Virginia, and the Abroms-Engel Institute for the Visual Arts in Birmingham, Alabama.

Stout died from renal cell carcinoma in Los Angeles, California, aged 56.

John Seigenthaler Pedestrian Bridge

The John Seigenthaler Pedestrian Bridge (previously called the Shelby Street Bridge or Shelby Avenue Bridge) is a truss bridge that spans the Cumberland River in Nashville, Tennessee, United States. It was originally opened on July 5, 1909. It was reopened as a pedestrian bridge on August 3, 2003. The bridge is long. It is one of the longest pedestrian bridges in the world.

It was originally named the Shelby Street Bridge. It was renamed in April 2014 in honor of John Seigenthaler.


Shelbyville, Tennessee

Shelbyville is a city in Bedford County, Tennessee, United States. It had a population of 23,557 residents at the 2020 census.

Parakeet

Parakeet is a name for any small to medium-sized species of parrot, often with long tail feathers. Basically, it is a common term for a small parrot. Another term used in America for parakeets is conure.

Parakeets breed better in groups, but are usually fine breeding in pairs. Having other parakeets encourages a pair to breed, which is why breeding in groups is more successful. However, many breeders choose to breed in pairs because that way they know which parents produced any given birds. If the parakeet does lay eggs, it produces about six to eight.

Conure

A conure is a term in aviculture referring to 2 genuses of parrot, "Pyrrhura" and "Aratinga". In science, they are known as parakeets, because 'conure' is not a scientific name.
Conures are in the Psittacidae family (neotropical parrots). Their range goes from upper Brazil to southern Argentina. Conures are often kept as pets, and can be very friendly with people.

Conures are small birds. Many can grow up to 10 inches long, but some species can grow up to 20 inches long. Different types of conures have different colours, but the most common colour is green. Conures can eat many foods, including nuts, grains, fruits, and vegetables. Conures kept as pets must never be fed chocolate, avocado, salty foods, or caffeine.

Typhoon Bopha

Typhoon Bopha (aka Typhoon Pablo) was a severe tropical cyclone in December 2012. It hit the Philippines. The typhoon struck Palau first. It destroyed homes and caused power outages.

The storm did a lot of damage to the Philippine island of Mindanao. Over 600 deaths were reported. 

The names "Pablo" and "Bopha" were retired because of the large number of deaths and the great destruction.

Helix (gastropod)

Helix is a genus of large air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs. 

The genus "Helix" is known from the Oligocene onwards.
This genus is native to Europe and the regions around the Mediterranean Sea. 

The best-known species include "Helix aspersa", the common, or brown garden snail, and "Helix pomatia", the Roman snail, Burgundy snail, or edible snail. "H. pomatia" and some other species are eaten as escargots.

"Helix" snails have been introduced throughout the world, where some, especially "H. aspersa", have become garden pests.

Snails in this genus create and use love darts during mating.

"Helix" snails prefer cool, damp environments, as they easily get dry. Snails are most active at night and after rainfall. During unfavourable conditions, a snail will remain inside its shell, usually under rocks or other hiding places, to avoid being discovered by predators. In dry climates snails will naturally congregate near water sources, including artificial sources such as waste-water outlets of air conditioners.

The common garden snail ("Helix aspersa") is herbivorous. These snails are able to digest most vegetation including carrots and lettuce. They also have a specialized crop of symbiotic bacteria that help their digestion, especially by breaking down the polysaccharide cellulose into simple sugars.

Szymon Szurmiej

Szymon Symcha Szurmiej (18 June 1923 – 16 July 2014) was a Jewish-Polish actor, director, singer, activist and theatre manager. He was the general manager of the Ester Rachel Kamińska and Ida Kamińska State Jewish Theater in Warsaw. He was also the director of the Yiddish Theater of Warsaw. He was later an activist for Jewish causes.

Szurmiej was born in Lutsk, Volhynian Voivodeship (now Ukraine). He was a member of the World Jewish Congress. He was married to actress Gołda Tencer and had four children.

Szurmiej died from natural causes on 16 July 2014 in Warsaw, aged 91.

John Ilhan

John Ilhan (born Mustafa İlhan; 23 January 1965 – 23 October 2007) was an Australian businessman and philanthropist. He was best known as the founder and owner of Crazy John's, a mobile phone retail chain. He founded the company in 1991. In 2003, he was the richest Australian under the age of 40. After his sudden death, his wife sold the company to Vodafone.

Ilhan was born in Yozgat, Turkey to a Muslim family. His family moved to the Australian state of Victoria when he was five. He was married to Patricia and had four children.

Ilhan died from a heart attack on 23 October 2007, aged 42. He had been jogging in the Melbourne suburb of Brighton when he collapsed.


Helcionelloida

The Helcionelloida are an extinct class of fossil molluscs.

They are among the earliest animals with mineralised shells. They are also the oldest known molluscs wth a shell. Some members of this class were mistaken for Monoplacophorans. The class was erected by Peel in 1991.

The latest word on this group is the classification of Parkhaev, who splits it into three subclasses.

Rice Park, Saint Paul, Minnesota

Rice Park is a public park located in Saint Paul, Minnesota.

Before it became a park, Rice Park was used as an open space to dry laundry and graze animals. The land was eventually made into a "public square" in 1849 by John R. Irvine, a territorial pioneer and Henry M. Rice, territorial delegate and United States Senator. The park was named after early Minnesota Senator Henry M. Rice. Rice park sits atop a small hill where glacial melt failed to erode completely. The park was mostly ignored until 1860 when Mayor John S. Prince had shade trees planted. In the 1870s the park got a fountain and a bandstand. A pair of squirrels were given to the park by the chief of police in Memphis, Tennessee as an act of goodwill. Eventually, electric lights were installed in 1883. This was on the occasion of the visit by President Chester A. Arthur, former president Ulysses S. Grant, and General William Tecumseh Sherman, at the opening of Northern Pacific's West Coast rail line. The historic buildings, museums, and music halls that border the park were constructed over a period of nearly 100 years. On May 10, 1903 Saint Paul Globe reported that Rice Park was the traditional place in St. Paul for newly engaged couples to go and sit. The Women’s Institute of Saint Paul donated a new fountain to the park on June 14, 1965. Minnesota sculptor Alonzo Hauser designed the fountain, titled 'the Source', with a statue of a woman in the water. Rice Park has been honored as a Great Place in America by the American Planning Association in 2011.

Rice Park is about 2 acres in size. It is located at 4th Street and Washington Street in downtown Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Rice Park sits above the Mississippi River’s highest flood level, so its surroundings are important buildings like the Federal Customs House (now Landmark Center), Central Public Library, and the grand St. Paul Hotel. More recently the park was given character sculptures from the Peanuts cartoons to honor the birthplace of Peanuts cartoonist Charles Schulz. It also has an ice rink during the winter months. Rice Park forms a pathway between eight different significant buildings, adding to its popularity.

Rice Park was placed right in the heart of the busy city of Saint Paul. The park is used year-round. During the summer, music, specifically blues, jazz, and original composition, can be heard at noon on various Mondays starting in June. The park has an annual Winter Carnival, one of the oldest and largest winter festivals in the country. These activities include a tree lighting ceremony, ice skating, watching fireworks, listening to holiday music and family-friendly activities. Rice Park is also available for private parties and gatherings. It can accommodate a wedding party of up to 200 people.

In addition, several events have been located at Rice Park. For instance, the funeral of Charles Luth, a switchman who was murdered during the Pullman strike, was held at the park in 1894.


Battleground (2014)

Battleground (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by WWE. It took place on July 20, 2014 at the Tampa Bay Times Forum in Tampa, Florida. It was the second event under the Battleground chronology, with the event having originated in 2013.

Battleground featured professional wrestling matches involving different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds, plots, and storylines that played out on WWE's primary television programs, "Raw" and "SmackDown". Wrestlers portrayed heroes or villains as they followed a series of events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches.


Malaysia Airlines Flight 17

Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17/MAS17) was a scheduled international passenger flight from Schiphol airport, Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. On 17 July 2014 the flight lost radar contact. It crashed near the village of Hrabove, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine. The plane was a Boeing 777-200ER. All 283 passengers and 15 crew members onboard died.

It was suspected by Ukraine that the aircraft was shot down by a ground-to-air missile, fired by Pro-Russian separatists during war in Donbas. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko called it an "act of terrorism." The cause of the crash has not yet been determined by the official investigation, which is being carried out by the . Fighting delayed investigation, but in October 2018 Dutch investigators said the plane was destroyed as a result of the explosion of a BUK missile.

Lorraine Toussaint

Lorraine Toussaint (born April 4, 1960) is a Trinidadian-American movie and television actress, and producer. She is known for her role as Rene Jackson in the televison drama "Any Day Now" (1998-2002). She was also in the movies "Breaking In" (1989), "Hudson Hawk" (1991), and "Dangerous Minds" (1995). For "Middle of Nowhere" (2012) she was nominated for a Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Actress. Toussaint was also in the television series "Crossing Jordan" (2002-2003), "Saving Grace" (2007-2010) and "Orange Is the New Black" (2012).

Henry M. Rice

Henry Mower Rice (November 29, 1816January 15, 1894) was a fur trader, commissioner and one of the first United States Senators from Minnesota.

Henry Rice was born on November 29, 1816, in Waitsfield, Vermont. His parents were Edmund Rice and Ellen Durkee Rice. He went to school in Detroit and Kalamazoo, Michigan. He became a sutler at Fort Atkinson, Iowa. In 1847 he negotiated a treaty with the Winnebago and Chippewa Native American tribes. In 1848 he settled in St. Paul, Minnesota. He helped negotiate the Treaty of Traverse des Sioux in 1851. This opened up parts of Minnesota west of the Mississippi River to white settlers. In 1856 Rice, as a territorial delegate, worked hard to secure Congressional land grants for the railroads in Minnesota.

Rice lobbied for the bill to establish Minnesota Territory. He was the delegate to the 33rd and 34th Congresses from March 4, 1853 to March 4, 1857. His work on the Minnesota Enabling Act, passed by Congress on Feb. 26, 1857, facilitated Minnesota's statehood.

In 1858 Rice was elected as a Democrat to the United States Senate. He served from Minnesota's admittance on May 11, 1858 to March 4, 1863 in the 35th, 36th, and 37th Congresses and was not a candidate for re-election. He supported John C. Breckinridge for president in 1860.

Rice also served as a member of the board of regents of the University of Minnesota from 1851 to 1859. Rice was president of the Minnesota Historical Society. In 1865 he ran for Governor of Minnesota, but lost the election. From 1878 to 1884 he was the treasurer of Ramsey County, Minnesota. As a United States Commissioner during 1887 – 1888, he continued to negotiate treaties with the Indians. He died on January 15, 1894, while on a visit to San Antonio, Texas.

In 1916, the state of Minnesota donated a marble statue of Rice to the National Statuary Hall Collection at the United States Capitol. Rice County, Minnesota is named for him. His brother Edmund Rice served in the U.S. House of Representatives. Rice Park in St. Paul, Minnesota is named for him.

Birmingham, Michigan

Birmingham is a city in Oakland County of the U.S. state of Michigan and a suburb of Detroit. As of the 2020 census, the population was 21,813.

John Walton (actor)

John Walton (1953 – 17 July 2014) was an Australian actor. He mostly appeared in miniseries and in soap operas.

Walton was born in Sydney, New South Wales.

He was best known for his role as Doctor Craig Rothwell in the television soap opera "The Young Doctors" during 1976 and 1977.
He also appeared in the miniseries "Bodyline". Walton took the part of Sir Charles Kingsford Smith in the Australian mini-series "A Thousand Skies".

Walton died after a long illness in Sydney, aged 62.

Nikola Mirotić

Nikola "Niko" Mirotić (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Миротић; born February 11, 1991) is a Spanish-Montenegrin professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was contracted in 2014 for the Bulls.

He is a 2.09 m (6 ft 10.25 in) tall 107 kg (236 lb.) power forward.

He was born in Titograd, SR Montenegro, SFR Yugoslavia.

Ignacy Jan Paderewski

Ignacy Jan Paderewski, GBE (; 29 June 1941) was a Polish pianist and composer, politician, and spokesman for Polish independence. He was the prime minister and foreign minister of Poland in 1919. He represented Poland at the Paris Peace Conference in 1919.

Santos Laguna

Club Santos Laguna S.A. de C.V. () commonly known as Santos Laguna or Santos, is a Mexican professional football club. They represent Comarca Lagunera, which includes Torreón, Gómez Palacio, and Lerdo. Santos Laguna currently plays in the Liga MX. The club started in 1982. They reached Mexico's top division in 1988 after buying the franchise belonging to the Ángeles de Puebla. They have won five league championship titles and the Apertura 2014 Copa MX.





















Torreón

Torreón () is a city in Coahuila, Mexico. In 2010, its population was 608,836 with 639,629 in the municipality. 

Torreón has a soccer team in Liga MX, Santos Laguna.

Administrative divisions of Nepal

Nepal is divided into seven provinces. The provinces are divided into districts. The districts are divided into municipalities and rural municipalities. There are also six metropolitan city and eleven sub-metropolitan cities.

Nepal's new constitution of 2015 has divided the country into seven provinces and removed the older Zones and Development region system. The new system has mostly kept old districts the same, and made very small changes on the boundaries of a few districts.

Before 2017, Nepal was divided into four development regions which were then divided into zones. The zones were again divided into districts. The districts were divided into municipalities and village development committees.

Nepal is divided into seven provinces.

Seven provinces are divided into districts. There are 77 districts in Nepal.

In Nepal, there are six metropolitan cities and eleven sub-metropolitan cities. There are 276 municipalities.

Nepal was divided into gaupalikas in 2017. In English, they are called rural municipalities. There are a total of 460 gaupalikas in Nepal.

Torreón Municipality

Torreón is one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in northeastern Mexico. The municipal seat is Torreón. The municipality covers an area of .

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 577,477. 

Lerdo

Ciudad Lerdo (Lerdo City) is a small city in the northeastern Durango, Mexico. It is the municipal seat for Lerdo Municipality.

In 2010, the city of Lerdo had a population of 79,669. That was up from 71,373 people in 2005. Lerdo Municipality had a population of 141,043.

The city has a lot of plant life, but has an arid climate. Ciudad Lerdo is known for its parks, gardens, and ice cream.



Mexico national under-23 football team

The Mexico national under-23 football team are a team who play association football for Mexico at the under-23 level.

The team won the gold medal in 2012 Summer Olympics, their first Olympic medal in association football.

Durango City

Durango City (Tepehuan: Korian), officially Victoria de Durango and also known as Ciudad de Durango, is the capital and largest city of Durango, Mexico. It stands at an altitude of .

In 2010, the city had a total population of 518,709, up from 463,830 in 2005. It serves as municipal seat of Durango Municipality which had a population of 582,267 in 2010.

Italian mountain community

The mountain communities () were created in Italy by law on 1971. Each "Comunità montana" is established by the Region to which it belongs and includes the municipalities that are in mountain areas and foothills. Its purpose is to promote mountain areas with specific functions. It can have some municipal functions, such as waste collection.

Mountain communities exist in all regions, apart from Sicily, Sardinia and Trentino-Alto Adige.

In regions where there is a regional language, the mountain communities are known also with their name in that language besides the Italian name:




C.F. Monterrey

The Club de Fútbol Monterrey is a Mexican football club from Monterrey, Nuevo León.

The club has won 4 league titles in 1986, 2003, 2009 and 2010, a Copa México in 1991, and three straight CONCACAF Champions League tournaments in 2011, 2012 and 2013.




Comunità montana Evançon

The Comunità montana Evançon ("Evançon mountain community", in French "Communauté de montagne Évançon") is an association of a total of 9 "comuni" in the Italian region of Valle d'Aosta.

The headquarters of the mountain community are in Verrès.

Its main purpose is to promote the development of the valleys in the preservation of their cultural and environmental heritage.

The main activities have been:

These "comuni" are in the eastern part of Valle d'Aosta. The "Comunità" is named after the Evançon river that flows through the Val d'Ayas and is a left tributary of the Dora Baltea river, which flows through the "Comunità".

The "Comunità montana Evançon" has a total area of about and a population of 11,617; its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The following "comuni" are part of the Comunità:



R.S.C. Anderlecht

Royal Sporting Club Anderlecht, usually known as Anderlecht (, , ) or RSCA (, , ), is a Belgian professional football club from Anderlecht, Brussels. They play in the Belgian Pro League. They are the most successful Belgian football team in European competitions (with 5 trophies) and Belgian Pro League (33 championship wins).



Comunità montana Grand Combin

The Comunità montana Grand Combin (" Grand Combin mountain community", in French "Communauté de montagne Grand-Combin") is an association of 11 "comuni" in the Italian region of Valle d'Aosta.

The "Comunità" is named after the Grand Combin mountain, one of the highest mountains in the Alps. Even if the mountain is completely in Switzerland, it can be seen from the two main valleys that are part of the "Comunità".

Its main purpose is to promote the development of the valleys in the preservation of their cultural and environmental heritage. The "Comunità" also helps with technical assistance to all the "comuni" of the region.

The main activities have been:

This "Comunità" is in the northern part of Valle d'Aosta, close to Switzerland. The "comuni" are in two small mountain valleys: "Valle del Gran San Bernardo" () and "Valpelline". There is another smaller valley where is the Bionaz "comuni". These three valleys form the larger system of side valleys of the Dora Baltea river.

The main rivers in the "Comunità" are:

The "Comunità montana Grand Combin" has a total area of about and a population of 5,825; its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The headquarters of the mountain community are in Gignod.

The Comunità includes the following "comuni":



Comunità montana Grand Paradis

The Comunità montana Grand Paradis ("Grand Paradis mountain community", in French "Communauté de montagne Grand-Paradis") is an association of 13 "comuni" in the Italian region of Valle d'Aosta.

The "Comunità" is named after the Gran Paradiso mountain, a mountain in the Graian Alps between the Valle d'Aosta and Piedmont regions of north-west Italy. The Gran Paradiso mountain can be seen from the "comuni" of the "Comunità".

Its main purpose is to promote the development of the valleys in the preservation of their cultural and environmental heritage. The "Comunità" also helps with technical assistance to all the "comuni" of the region.

The main activities have been:

This "Comunità" is in the central part of Valle d'Aosta, to the west and south of Aosta, the capital city of the region. The "comuni" are in the central valley of the region and in other small lateral valleys: Val di Cogne, Valsavarenche, Val di Rhêmes and Valgrisenche.

The main river in the "Comunità" is the Dora Baltea that flows through the "Comunità" from east to west.

The "Comunità montana Grand Paradis" has a total area of about and a population of 15,674; its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The headquarters of the mountain community are in Villeneuve.

The Comunità includes the following "comuni":



Comunità montana Mont Emilius

The Comunità montana Mont Emilius ("Mont Emilius mountain community" is an association of 10 "comuni" in the Italian region of Valle d'Aosta.

The "Comunità" is named after the Monte Emilius mountain, a high mountain in the Graian Alps near the city of Aosta.

The "Comunità" was formed with very small communities that are at least partially in mountain regions in order to strengthen the economic development of the region and stop the rural-urban migration.

Its main purpose is to promote the development of the valleys in the preservation of their cultural and environmental heritage. The "Comunità" also helps with technical assistance to all the "comuni" of the region.

The main activities have been:

This "Comunità" is in the central part of Valle d'Aosta, southeast east of Aosta, the capital city of the Valle d'Aosta.

The Dora Baltea river flows through this "Comunità".

The area of the "Comunità montana Mont Emilius" is about . The population is 22,528;, so its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The headquarters of the mountain community are in Quart.

The Comunità includes these "comuni":



Chiapas F.C.

Chiapas Fútbol Club formerly known as Club de Fútbol Jaguares de Chiapas is a Mexican football club from Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas, currently playing in the Liga MX. The team plays their home matches at the Estadio Víctor Manuel Reyna. They are also known as Chiapas Jaguar.


Comunità montana Mont Rose

The Comunità montana Mont Rose ("Mont Rose mountain community", in French "Communauté de montagne Mont-Rose") is an association of 9 "comuni" in the Italian region of Valle d'Aosta.

The "Comunità" is named after the Monte Rosa mountain, the second highest mountain in the Alps.

Its main purpose is to promote the development of the valleys in the preservation of their cultural and environmental heritage. The "Comunità" also helps with technical assistance to all the "comuni" of the region.

The main activities have been:

This "Comunità" is in the southeastern part of Valle d'Aosta, to the east and south of Aosta, the capital city of the region. The "comuni" are in the central valley of the region and in two other small lateral valleys: Valle del Lys and Valle de Champorcher.

The main river in the "Comunità" is the Dora Baltea that flows through the "Comunità" from east to west.

The "Comunità montana Mont Rose" has a total area of about and a population of 9,869; its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The headquarters of the mountain community are in Pont-Saint-Martin.

The Comunità includes the following "comuni":



Club León

Club León, (simply known as León) is a Mexican professional football club based in the city of León, in the state of Guanajuato, Mexico.

The club was founded in 1944.
León won the Primera División title seven times: in 1948, 1949, 1952, 1956, 1992, Apertura 2013 and most recently Clausura 2014. They became the first Mexican "Campeonísimo" (winner of the League and the Copa México in the same year) in 1949. In 1993 León was the CONCACAF Champions' Cup runner-up, losing the to the Costa Rican team Deportivo Saprissa.


Comunità montana Monte Cervino

The Comunità montana Monte Cervino ("Monte Cervino mountain community", in French "Communauté de montagne Mont-Cervin") is an association of 12 "comuni" in the Italian region of Valle d'Aosta.

The "Comunità" is named after the Monte Cervino mountain, a mountain in the Alps that is on the border between Switzerland and Italy. This mountain is at the northern end of the Valtournenche valley, which is part of this "comunità".

Its main purpose is to promote the development of the valleys in the preservation of their cultural and environmental heritage. The "Comunità" also helps with technical assistance to all the "comuni" of the region.

The main activities have been:

This "Comunità" is in the central part of Valle d'Aosta, to the east and northeast of Aosta, the capital city of the region. The "comuni" are in the central valley of the region and in a small lateral valley: the Valtournenche valley.

The main river in the "Comunità" is the Dora Baltea that flows through the "Comunità" from east to west.

The Marmore is a small river that flows through the Valtournenche valley and joins the Dora Baltea as a left tributary at Châtillon.

The "Comunità montana Monte Cervino" has a total area of about and a population of 16,797; its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The headquarters of the mountain community are in Châtillon.

The Comunità includes the following "comuni":



Comunità montana Valdigne Mont Blanc

The Comunità montana Valdigne Mont Blanc ("Valdigne Mont Blanc mountain community", in French "Communauté de montagne Valdigne - Mont-Blanc") is an association of 5 "comuni" in the Italian region of Valle d'Aosta.

The name of the "Comunità" comes from "Valdigne", the upper part of the Aosta Valley in north-west Italy, and the "Mont Blanc" mountain, the highest mountain in the Alps that is on the border between France and Italy. The Mont Blanc is seen from the upper valley of Aosta and the other small valleys that are part of this "Comunità".

Its main purpose is to promote the development of the valleys in the preservation of their cultural and environmental heritage. The "Comunità" also helps with technical assistance to all the "comuni" of the region.

The main activities have been:

This "Comunità" is in the western part of Valle d'Aosta, to the west and northwest of Aosta, the capital city of the region. The "comuni" are in the upper central valley of the region (the "Valdigne") and in a small lateral valley, the Vallon de La Thuile.

The main river in the "Comunità" is the upper part of the Dora Baltea river that flows through the "Comunità" from northeast to southwest.

The "Comunità montana Valdigne Mont Blanc" has a total area of about and a population of 8,852; its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The headquarters of the mountain community are in La Salle.

The Comunità includes the following "comuni":



Leones Negros UdeG

Club de Fútbol Leones Negros de la Universidad de Guadalajara, mostly known as Leones Negros, is a football club that currently plays in the Ascenso MX






Comunità montana Walser Alta Valle del Lys

The Comunità montana Walser Alta Valle del Lys ("Walser Upper Lys Valley mountain community", in French "Communauté de montagne Walser Haute Vallée du Lys", in German "Walser Berggemeinschaft Oberlystal") is an association of 4 "comuni" in the Italian region of Valle d'Aosta.

The name of the "Comunità" comes from the "Walser" people that live in the upper Lys or Gressoney valley, in the "comuni" Gressoney-Saint-Jean, Gressoney-La-Trinité and Issime. The Walser people came from the Swiss canton of Valais; they speak a German dialect.

Its main purpose is to promote the development of the valleys in the preservation of their cultural and environmental heritage. The "Comunità" also helps with technical assistance to all the "comuni" of the region.

The main activities have been:

This "Comunità" is in the eastern part of Valle d'Aosta, to the east of Aosta, the capital city of the region. The "comuni" are in a small valley, the Lys or Gressoney valley. This small valley is lateral to the main valley of Aosta and through it flows the Lys river.

The "Comunità montana Walser Alta Valle del Lys" has a total area of about and a population of 2,025; its population density is of inhabitants/km.

The headquarters of the mountain community are in Issime.

The Comunità includes the following "comuni":



Club Brugge K.V.

Club Brugge Koninklijke Voetbalvereniging (), also referred to as just Club Brugge is a football club from Bruges, Belgium. It was founded in 1891 and is one of the top clubs in Belgium. Its home ground is the Jan Breydel Stadium, which has a capacity of 29,472.

Chief of police

A chief of police (also known as police chief or chief) is the title typically given to the top official in a police department, particularly in North America. Other titles for this position include Commissioner, Superintendent, and Chief Constable. A Chief of Police is usually a municipal employee of a city or town. In contrast, a U.S. Sheriff is generally elected by the voters of a county. Some states have both an appointed and an elected Chief of Police (Louisiana). The fraternal organization International Association of Chiefs of Police (IACP) is an organization often associated with many Chiefs of Police.

A police chief is the top executive officer in a police department. The job of a chief, no matter what the size of the police department, is to protect their community. A chief is responsible for the budget of a police department. He or she is also responsible for the conduct of all police officers in the department. In larger police departments, a chief can delegate some of his responsibilities to an assistant Chief (Deputy Chief, etc.). 

Chief police officer is a phrase used in the United Kingdom to describe the position of the most senior police officer in a police force. It refers to the 53 Chief Constables, the Commissioner of the City of London Police or the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police. They are members of the Association of Chief Police Officers. The phrase is used in legislation on the power to permit public processions, or grant firearms licenses. Many routine activities are delegated to constables.

No police officers in the UK are elected. There is a mixed system of control by local and central government, and local committees act in advice and supervision. Various organisations are permitted to hire and control their own security forces: the armed forces, the railways, certain branches of the security services, and a number of private organisations. 

Policing in Canada is usually the responsibility of the province. Usually police chiefs run the police departments. In eight of Canada's ten provinces the Royal Canadian Mounted Police act as regional police. They also act as the municipal police in the three territories and in many towns in British Columbia. In the province of Ontario, a Chief of Police must be a sworn police officer.

Chiefs of police in the United States have two unique opportunities for training for the position. The FBI offers executive police training at their academy. The University of Louisville has the Southern Police Institute. Police chiefs of larger cities often work for a police commissioner. In those cases the chief of police manages the day-to-day business of the police department. The chief may also work for a board of commissioners.

In Ghana, Kenya and Nigeria, the chief of police is a Cabinet minister position. In many parts of the world Interpol has taken a role in organizing regional councils of police chiefs. They work in close cooperation with police chiefs to exchange methods and ideas. Many councils take these ideas directly to their governments which often put them into effect. Regional and sub-regional chiefs of police councils are set up in most parts of Asia, Africa and Europe. North and South American have functioning councils that work with Interpol. Central American councils are a work in progress.


IPad (1st generation)

The first-generation iPad is a tablet computer that is design and sold by Apple Inc. It has an Apple A4 processor and a 9.7 inch touchscreen. It can play music, send and receive email, and browse the web.

Salvador Sánchez Cerén

Salvador Sánchez Cerén (born 18 June 1944) is a Salvadoran politician. He was the President of El Salvador from 2014 to 2019. He previously served as Vice President from 2009 to 2014.

Hal Roach

Harold Eugene "Hal" Roach, Sr. (January 14, 1892 – November 2, 1992) was an American movie and television producer, director, and actor from the 1910s to the 1990s. He was best known today for producing the Laurel and Hardy and "Our Gang" (later known as "The Little Rascals") movie comedy series.


Leland, Mississippi

Leland is a city in Washington County, Mississippi. The population was 3,988 at the 2020 census.

Special Branch

Special Branch is the British police force which works mostly for the security services, especially MI5. It has had various changes of name, while its function has stayed much the same.

It was formed in London in 1883. Branches were formed in Ireland (before the Republic of Ireland was founded) and later Northern Ireland. The Metropolitan Police had their own Special Branch, until it was merged with the Metropolitan Police Anti-Terrorist Branch (SO13) to form Counter Terrorism Command or SO15 in 2006.

The main function for all these branches was to collect evidence and arrest the enemies of the United Kingdom who lived on home territory. Historically, these have been the IRA (and its splinter braches), Soviet and Russian intelligence agents, and Islamic extremists and terrorists.

Special Branch has contact with the Security Service and the Home Office. They use the prefix "Detective" in front of their ranks, and are governed by the same laws as the general police. Under British law, MI5 officers are not permitted actually to lay hands on members of the public. Observations, wire taps ("lawful interception"), arrests, interrogations and preparing cases for prosecution are usually done by the Special Branch.

Special Branch have responsibility for the personal protection of (non-royal) VIPs, and are examining officers at designated ports and airports, as prescribed by the Terrorism Act 2000.

The intelligence work of Special Branch sits somewhere between that of the Security Service and that of the Metropolitan Police Anti-Terrorist Branch (SO13). It was announced, in September 2005, that the Metropolitan Police Special Branch would be merging with the Anti-Terrorism Branch of the Metropolitan Police to form a new department called Counter Terrorism Command. The new department came into being on 2 October 2006.

Most, if not all UK police services still maintain a Special Branch. Strathclyde Police had a Special Branch until it was renamed the Counter Terrorist Intelligence Section.

Pack (canine)

Pack is the name given to canines, which live and hunt together. That means the dog tribe, known as the Canini. It does not apply to foxes (the tribe Vulpini). Other caniforms (Caniformia) live singly or come together at mating times, with some exceptions (like the badger).

So, not all canids form packs. If they do, the size of the pack, and the social behaviour in the pack varies by species. The animals in the pack know each other. Always there is a hierarchy of dominance inside the pack. The classic case is the grey wolf. All packs are united by genetic relationship: they are family members.

One reason why some mammalian predators evolved group behaviour is that their prey lives in massive herds on grassland. The most notable predators on grassland are the wolves and jackals (caniforms) and the lions and hyaenas (feliforms). The same principle works with aquatic predators: if their prey goes in shoals or family groups, then the predators go in groups. 


Joep Lange

Joseph Marie Albert "Joep" Lange (25 September 1954 – 17 July 2014) was a Dutch medical doctor and researcher. He mainly worked in HIV therapy. He served as the President of the International AIDS Society (IAS) from 2002 to 2004. He was also the Founding Chairman of PharmAccess Foundation until his death in 2014. The IAS has 16,000 members from 196 countries.

Lange was born in Nieuwenhagen, Limburg. He studied at the University of Amsterdam in Amsterdam.

Lange, his wife and other IAS members were on board the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 when it was shot down on 17 July 2014, killing all people on board. He was 59. The flight was meant to go from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia but was shot down near Hrabove, Ukraine. He and his wife were among the 193 Dutch citizens killed. He and the IAS members were planning to go to Melbourne, Australia for the 20th International AIDS Conference, starting on 19 July.


Dietmar Schönherr

Dietmar Otto Schönherr (17 May 1926 – 18 July 2014) was an Austrian actor and entertainer. He made 120 movie appearances between 1944 and 2014. He was best known for playing the role of Major Cliff Allister McLane in the German science fiction series "Raumpatrouille". 

Schönherr was born as Dietmar Otto von Schönleiten in Innsbruck. He was married to the Danish actress Vivi Bach from 1965 until her death in 2013.

Schönherr died on 18 July 2014 in Ibiza, Spain, aged 88.

AIK Bandy

AIK Bandy is a bandy club in Solna in Sweden. Established in 1905, the club won the Swedish national men's bandy championship in the years of 1909, 1914 and 1931.


Hammarby IF BF

Hammarby IF BF is a bandy club in Stockholm in Sweden. Established in 1905, the club won the Swedish national men's bandy championship in the years of 2010 and 2013.


Villa Lidköping BK

Villa Lidköping BK is a bandy club in Lidköping in Sweden. Established in 1934 as Villa BK, the club is named after nearby country estate Villa Giacomina. The club lost the Swedish national men's bandy championship final in the years of 1975, 1983, 2012 and 2016.

The club won its first World Cup title in October 2018. The women's team won the Swedish national championship for first time during the 2020–2021 season. They won the title again during the 2021–2022 season.


Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson

Anders Jacobsson (born 1963) and Sören Olsson (born 1964) are two Swedish cousins who are writers of children's literature and young literature. They are mostly known for works like the Sune and Bert books, but also but also Tuva-Lisa and Emanuel. They have also written scripts for several TV series.


Willem Witteveen

Willem Johannes Witteveen (5 May 1952 – 17 July 2014) was a Dutch legal scholar, politician and political writer. He was a member of the Senate for the Labour Party from 1999 to 2007 and from 2013 until his death.

Witteveen was born in Rotterdam, South Holland. His father was Johan Witteveen. He was the great-grandson of social-democratic politician Floor Wibaut. He studied law at Leiden University. He was married and had two children.

Witteveen and his family were on board the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 when it was shot down on 17 July 2014, killing all people on board. He was 62. The flight was meant to go from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia but was shot down near Hrabove, Ukraine. Witteveen, his wife and daughter were among the 193 Dutch citizens killed. His son, Freek, was not on board.

Witteveen was a Sufi.


João Ubaldo Ribeiro

João Ubaldo Osório Pimental Ribeiro (23 January 1941 – 18 July 2014) was a Brazilian writer. His best known novel was "An Invincible Memory" which was a success in the English-speaking world. Several of his books and short stories have been made into movies and TV series in Brazil. 

Ribeiro was born in Itaparica, Bahia. He had been married three times and had four children.

Ribeiro died from a pulmonary embolism on 18 July 2014 in Rio de Janeiro, aged 73.

African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights

African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights is a treaty of international human rights law. It was adopted by the Organization of African Unity (today, African Union) on 27 July 1981 and came into force on 21 October 1986. The preamble confirms the authority of the charter of the United Nations. It also confirms the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. 

The charter itself condemns apartheid, colonialism, neocolonialism and Zionism as violations of human rights. Unlike the European Convention on Human Rights, the charter confirms economic, social and cultural rights. These include the right to work, and civil rights. It also confirms the rights to self-determination, economic development, natural resources and to a good environment.

Deputy Leader of the Liberal Democrats (UK)

The Deputy Leader of the Liberal Democrats (UK) party is actually the deputy leader of the of the Liberal Democrats parliamentary group in the House of Commons.


Otto Piene

Otto Piene (18 April 1928 – 17 July 2014) was a German artist.

In 1957, Piene and Heinz Mack founded the group ZERO. For the closing of the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Piene created the sky work "Olympic Rainbow", made up of five differently colored helium-filled polythene tubes. 

Piene died in Berlin after presenting an art exhibit there. He was 86 years old.

Korean Air Lines Flight 007

Korean Air Lines Flight 007 (also known as KAL007 and KE007) was a scheduled Korean Air Lines flight from New York City to Seoul via Anchorage. On September 1, 1983, the airliner serving the flight was shot down by a Soviet Su-15 interceptor near Moneron Island, west of Sakhalin Island, in the Sea of Japan. 

The interceptor's pilot was Major Gennadi Osipovich. All 269 passengers and crew aboard were killed, including Lawrence McDonald, representative from Georgia in the United States House of Representatives. The aircraft was en route from Anchorage to Seoul when it flew through prohibited Soviet airspace around the time of a U.S. reconnaissance mission.

Former President Richard Nixon was to have been seated next to Larry McDonald on KAL 007 but decided not to go, according to the New York Post and TASS.

The shooting of Korean Air Lines was one of the most tense moments of the Cold War. In the aftermath of the shooting, President Ronald Reagan made a presidential announcement,saying that what the Soviets did was bad. Reagan was angry about what happened and changed his mind of making peace with the Soviets. 

President Reagan announced on September 16, 1983, that the Global Positioning System (GPS) would be made available for civilian use.

According to the World History Timeline, the Russians believed the jumbo jet was a United States spy plane. Four jet fighters were scrambled from the so-called Air Force Base. Two missiles were on target.

One exploded just behind the tail of the plane, and the other by the left wing of the plane.

At 1:30 a.m., Flight 007 entered Soviet airspace. However, there was not much time for Flight 007 to hover over Kamchatka to respond, so the Soviet air defense squadron deployed on the Kamchatka Peninsula returned without attempting an interception, and Flight 007 passed through Soviet airspace at 2:28 am and disappeared from Soviet radar. As Flight 007 slowed down, gained altitude, and overshot, Osipovich, apparently thinking that he was trying to outwit him, circled around Flight 007 ag, flew 8 km behind Flight 007, and fired an R-98 air-to-air missile at around 3:25 ts. 


Kalix BF

Kalix BF is a bandy club in Kalix in Sweden, founded on 2 May 1990. The club has been playing in Swedish bandy, top division Elitserien, in the 2011–12 season and then again in the 2013–14 season.

Supporters of the club often refer to it as "KB". The club was founded as "Kalix Nyborg BK", by merging the bandy sections of the clubs Nyborgs SK, who later has restarted a bandy section of its own, and IFK Kalix. The name "Kalix BF" was adopted on 20 June 2001.


Tuva-Lisa Johansson

Tuva-Lisa is a series of children's/youth novels by Swedish writers Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson, about 12 years old Swedish girl "Tuva-Lisa Johansson", soon 13. Her parents work with theater, and she has written theater stage plays of her own, and wants to become an actress. Her friend's name is Jessica.

Among the stage plays she has written are "Ett vemodigt tillstånd av tråkighet", depicting an old man reflecting on his life as a greengrocer.



Emanuel Hjort

Emanuel Hjort is a Swedish fictional character, created by Swedish writers Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson for a youth book series. Upon the 2000 release, the old Bert Diaries seriues had been completed with "Berts bokslut" in 1999.

Emanuel is 16 years old in the first book, and thinks even more of girls than Sune and Bert. Emanuel is also interested in photographing. His mother is named Elisabeth, and his father Roger. His 23 years old big sister Emma is living in Denmark.

A Prairie Home Companion (movie)

A Prairie Home Companion is a 2006 American ensemble comedy movie. It was directed by Robert Altman. It was Altman's last movie before he died in November 2006. The movie is a fictional story of behind-the-scenes activities at the long-running public radio show "A Prairie Home Companion".

A long-running live radio show is in danger of being canceled by the new owners. The company owns both the radio station "WLT" and the theater where the show is broadcast. The movie takes place on the night of the show's last performance. The show has two visitors. The first is an angel calling herself Asphodel (Virginia Madsen). She comes to comfort the people who work on the show and to escort one of them to the afterlife. The other visitor is "the Axeman" (Tommy Lee Jones). He is the representative of the new owners who arrives to decide whether the show should be canceled. He makes it clear that the show is not what he considers modern popular programming. Although he too is escorted by the angel, the show is shut down anyway. In an at the end of the movie, the former cast members are reunited at Mickey's Diner. Their conversation pauses as they are joined by Asphodel.


To receive insurance for the shoot, Robert Altman had to hire Paul Thomas Anderson. He was a "backup" director who could take over if Altman could not work, The movie had the working title "The Last Show". Principal photography started on June 29, 2005, at the Fitzgerald Theater in St. Paul, Minnesota. That is where the radio show is broadcast from. Filming ended on July 28, 2005. The movie was the second major picture to be filmed in Minnesota in 2005. (The first was "North Country", starring Charlize Theron and Harrelson,)

The Fitzgerald is a rather small building. Because of that, the movie makers thought about using other stage theaters in the Minneapolis-St. Paul region. With some effort, the necessary movie equipment was crammed into the structure. The basement was also used for sets due to lack of space. Set design had to make the show more visually interesting. Fake dressing rooms were used in the movie. The movie's production designer noted that Keillor's actual dressing room is "about the size of a very, very small bathroom". Mickey's Diner, a downtown St. Paul landmark, is also in the movie.

On November 1, 2005, the "Star Tribune" reported that an early screening in New York City for movie distributors resulted in a heavy bidding war. Picturehouse bought the rights. Company president Bob Berney, "aiming to capitalize on the name recognition of the 31-year-old radio program, recommended that the title revert to "A Prairie Home Companion". 'At the screening, Garrison said that to broaden the movie's appeal, they were thinking about changing the name to "Savage Love", so we may have an argument there,' Berney said."

"A Prairie Home Companion" opened the 2006 South by Southwest movie festival on March 10. It then premiered in St. Paul, on May 3, 2006, at the Fitzgerald Theater. The movie's stars arrived in ten horse-drawn carriages. Brian Williams of "NBC Nightly News" did his newscast from neighboring Minneapolis, Minnesota, that night so that he could attend.

Critics' general reaction to the movie was favorable. It got an 81% fresh rating at Rotten Tomatoes. Roger Ebert gave the movie four out of four stars. He wrote, "What a lovely film this is, so gentle and whimsical, so simple and profound". Ebert later added the movie to his "Great Movies" list.

Michael Medved gave the movie one and a half stars out of four. He wrote, "The entertainment value stands somewhere between thin and nonexistent" and "[it may be] the worst movie ever made that pooled the talents of four (count ‘em – four!) Oscar winners".

Desson Thomson from "The Washington Post" said that while the movie had its strengths, it was weaker than it should have been.

Meryl Streep won the Best Supporting Actress Award from the National Society of Film Critics for her role. Altman was also posthumously nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for Best Director.

The movie had a successful limited release in the United States. It grossed $20,338,609 in the United States. It grossed $25,978,442 worldwide.

The movie's DVD was released on October 10, 2006. Special features included deleted scenes, a behind-the-scenes documentary, and commentary by Altman and Kline. "A Prairie Home Companion Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" was released on May 23, 2006, by New Line.


Christina Lake (British Columbia)

Christina Lake is a lake in British Columbia in Canada. It is near the Crowsnest Highway. It is about east of Grand Forks, north of the United States border. The lake is named after a daughter of a Hudson's Bay Company officer.

The Trans Canada Trail, Dewdney Trail, and the Kettle Valley Railway Trail all merge near the lake. The Gladstone Provincial Park covers the northern half of the lake. The Christina Lake Provincial Park is at the southern part of the lake. Both parks have public beaches along the lake.

Canada women's national soccer team

The Canada women's national soccer team represents Canada in international women's soccer. It is directed by the Canadian Soccer Association. The team has played in several FIFA Women's World Cup and Olympic women's soccer tournament games. In the 2012 Summer Olympics soccer tournament, the team won third place.

National Lacrosse League

The National Lacrosse League (abbreviated as NLL) is an indoor lacrosse league in North America. It has five teams in the United States and four in Canada. Its season is during the winter and spring. Each team plays 18 games during the regular season.
The following teams are in the league, which is divided into two divisions:



Toronto Rock

The Toronto Rock is a professional lacrosse team in Toronto, Canada. It is part of the National Lacrosse League's East Division. The team was started in 1998. During the 2011 NLL season, the Toronto Rock won the league championship for the sixth time. They are tied with the Philadelphia Wings for the most league championships.

Liam Davison

Liam Patrick Davison (29 July 1957 – 17 July 2014) was an Australian novelist. He taught creative writing at the Chisholm Institute in Melbourne. He won awards for such as "The Age" Book of the Year Award and the Victorian Premier's Literary Award. He sometimes wrote reviews for "The Australian" newspaper.

Davison was born in Melbourne. He was married and had two children.

Davison and his wife were on board the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 when it was shot down on 17 July 2014, killing all people on board. He was 56. The flight was meant to go from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia but was shot down near Hrabove, Ukraine. He and his wife were among the 36 Australian citizens and residents killed.


Henry Hartsfield

Henry Warren "Hank" Hartsfield, Jr. (November 21, 1933 – July 17, 2014) was an American NASA astronaut and test pilot. He was also a United States Air Force officer and astronaut. He spent over 480 hours in space. He was best known for being on board the Space Shuttle "Columbia". He was also a commander for the "Discovery" and "Challenger" missions.

Hartsfield was born in Birmingham, Alabama. He was married and had two daughters.

Hartsfield died from problems caused by back surgery on July 17, 2014 in Houston, aged 80.


Shigeru Ban

In 2014, Ban won the Pritzker Prize.

Richard Meier

Richard Meier (born October 12, 1934) is an American abstract artist and architect. He is known for his geometric designs and for using the color white in his buildings. A winner of the Pritzker Architecture Prize in 1984, some of his more iconic buildings include the Barcelona Museum of Contemporary Art and the Getty Center in Los Angeles.



Sequoyah

Sequoyah was a Cherokee man. He invented a syllabary (alphabet based on syllables) for his people. Before that, they did not have an alphabet for their language.

Sequoyah was born into the Cherokee Nation. His mother was "Wut-teh". Not many people know about his early childhood. There are different stories on what happened. 

Sequoyah met many white people. He was fascinated by their "talking leaves," which was their writing system on paper. He wanted to make an alphabet for Cherokees to communicate too. He began making it around 1809. First he tried to make a symbol for every word, like in Chinese. That required too much remembering. Then he tried to make one for every idea, but gave up. Finally he made one symbol for every syllable in the Cherokee language. He made a syllabary with 86 letters. Many of the letters look like English because he had an English book that he could not read.

He taught the syllabary to his daughter, Ayokeh (Ayoka). Then he tested it in front of a group of leaders. They said a word, he wrote it down, and then Ayokeh repeated them. Originally people thought it was witchcraft, but then they started liking his syllabary. Many Cherokee learned it and eventually became literate, which means they could read and write. In fact, more Cherokees could read and write better than nearby white people.

Sequoyah became a hero for giving Cherokee people a written language. Cherokee is still taught and used. There are now 85 symbols, instead of the original 86.


Calgary Roughnecks

The Calgary Roughnecks is a box lacrosse team in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. It is part of the West Division of the National Lacrosse League. It plays its home games in Scotiabank Saddledome. The team joined the league in 2001. It has won the league championship twice, in 2004 and 2009.

Winnipeg Blue Bombers

The Winnipeg Blue Bombers is a Canadian football team based in Winnipeg, Manitoba. It is part of the West Division of the Canadian Football League. The team started in 1930. It has won the league's Grey Cup championship ten times.

The team's home stadium is called Investors Group Field.

Montreal Alouettes

The Montreal Alouettes is a Canadian Football League team based in Montreal, Quebec. It is part of the CFL's East Division. It has won the league's Grey Cup championship seven times, the last time in 2010.

The team plays its home games in Percival Molson Memorial Stadium.

Tom Rolf

Ernst R. "Tom" Rolf (December 31, 1931 – July 14, 2014) was a Swedish-American movie editor. He worked on at least 48 movies in the space of fifty years. His best known works were "Taxi Driver" (1976) and "The Right Stuff" (1983). He and his team won an Academy Award in 1983 for Best Film Editing for "The Right Stuff".

Rolf was born in Stockholm to actor parents. His father was Ernst Rolf and his mother was Norwegian-born Tutta Rolf. He moved to the United States and joined the United States Marine Corps.

Rolf died from problems caused by hip surgery on July 14, 2014 in France. He was 82.

Graeme McMahon

Graeme McMahon (1940 – 1 July 2014) was an Australian rules football player and executive. He played over 100 games for Prahran Football Club in the Victorian Football Association (VFA). He was later the chairman of Essendon in the Australian Football League (AFL) from 1996 to 2003. He was also the CEO and chairman of Ansett Australia.

McMahon was born in Melbourne, Victoria, and died from pancreatic cancer on 1 July 2014, aged 74.


Leopoldo Verona

Leopoldo Verona (24 September 1931 – 14 July 2014) was an Argentine actor. His best known movie roles were in "I Need a Mother" (1966), "On the Beach by the Sea" (1971) and "La flor de la mafia" (1974). He was born in Buenos Aires.

Verona died on 14 July 2014 in Buenos Aires, aged 82.

Rogelio Polesello

Rogelio Polesello (26 July 1939 – 6 July 2014) was an Argentine painter, muralist and sculptor. He was best known for making Op art (or optical art) known in Latin America. He won two Konex Awards; one in 1982 and another in 2012. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Polesello died from a heart attack on 6 July 2014 in Buenos Aires. He was 75.

Elinor Wylie

Elinor Morton Wylie (7 September 1885 – 16 December 1928) was an American poet and novelist. She was popular in the 1920s and 1930s. She was also famous for her beauty and personality. She "was called the reigning queen of American poetry" in the 1920s.

Elinor Wylie was born Elinor Morton Hoyt on 7 September, 1885 in Somerville, New Jersey. She came from a prominent New Jersey family. Her parents were Henry Martyn Hoyt, Jr. and Anne Morton McMichael. Elinor was the oldest of five children.

When Elinor was twelve, the family moved to Washington, D.C.. This was when her father was appointed Assistant Attorney General. Elinor went to Miss Baldwin's School near Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. She next went to Mrs. Flint's School, and Holton-Arms School, both in Washington. She graduated in 1904. At the Corcoran gallery she studied drawing. As a girl, she liked reading books. 

Little more than a year after she finished school, she married Philip Hichborn, Jr. Together they had a son, Philip Hichborn, III. But she left her husband and son in 1910. She went to England with Horace Wylie. He was a Washington lawyer, was married and was 17 years older than Elinor. The scandal was widely publicized. 

Horace's wife finally agreed to a divorce, and Hichborn committed suicide. in 1916, Elinor and Wylie returned to America and got married. In 1919, the couple moved to Washington. There she met with famous writers. They said she should publish her poetry. 

First she sent poems to "Poetry", the leading American poetry magazine. The magazine accepted her poems. In 1921, she produced a book of poems called "Nets to Catch the Wind." It was popular with both critics and the public. Now Wylie became a celebrity. People liked her poetry, her charming personality, and her beauty.

Elinor Wylie left her second husband and moved to live in New York. In 1923, she divorced Wylie and married the critic, novelist and poet William Rose Benét. Although they stayed married, she separated from him, too. But she would visit him after the separation. 

In 1928, Elinor had a heart attack which left her in poor health. On December 16, 1928, she suddenly died of Bright's disease in New York.

According to Evelyn Hively, Elinor Wylie "subscribed fully to the theory that a poet's work, as Wallace Stevens says, lies in trying to wrestle experience into meaning." 

She admired poetry from the past. These included the Metaphysical poets and the Romantic poets. Her favorite poet was Percy Bysshe Shelley. He had a strong influence on Elinor's style. Her poetry often followed strict rules and traditions. For example, many of her poems were sonnets. She also used a lot of imagery. 

All of Elinor's long works of fiction were allegories. They dealt with the supernatural or the strange and unusual. She called these fantasies "fairytales".

Elinor Wylie was primarily a poet, but she also wrote four successful novels, or fantasies, as well as short stories and essays.




Op art

Op art is a style of painting which makes use of optical illusions and other kinds of unusual optical effects. Victor Vasarely a Hungarian artist, was perhaps the first to use this theme regularly, in the 1930s. In the 1960s, Bridget Riley became one of the world's best-known op artists. She specialised in the effects produced by closely fitted lines. Jesús Rafael Soto used mobile elements, so connecting op art with kinetic (moving) structures.

The idea of visual illusions and effects fascinated other artists and intellectuals. The famous Dutch artist M.C. Escher drew impossible structures which worked by using visual illusions. The art historian Ernst Gombrich wrote a detailed study on visual effects in art. The psychologist Richard Gregory spent much of his career studying why the mind saw illusions.


Manfred Wekwerth

Manfred Wekwerth (né Weckwerth; 3 December 1929 – 16 July 2014) was a German theatre and movie director and writer. He was the director of the Berliner Ensemble theatre from 1977 to 1991. He was also an unofficial worker for East Germany's Stasi from 1965 until the reunification.

Wekwerth was born in Köthen, Saxony-Anhalt. He was married to Renate Richter until his death. They had one child.

Wekwerth died on 16 July 2014 in Berlin, aged 84.


Dog attack

When a dog attacks and bites a human this is generally known as dog attack. Dogs have been among the first animals to be domesticated and have lived with humans for a long time. Dog attacks are common in daily life. The biting dog causes an injury, which may be serious, and may lead to death. In addition to the bite wound, the dog may transmit diseases through the bite; one example for a disease transmitted through biting is rabies. 

There is a discussion whether certain breeds of dogs are more prone to producing an attack than others. 

Very often, the attack is triggered by human behavior.

Maria Cristina National High School

Maria Cristina National High School is a public high school in the Philippines. It opened in 1972.

The school’s mission statement describes its main goals. These are:


When it first opened, Maria Cristina National High School was called Maria Cristina Barangay High School. It was also called a Barrio High School. A law called Republic Act 6050 (RA 6050) created the school. People living in Barangay Maria Cristina signed a petition asking the government to create a high school there.

After the government agreed, Maria Cristina Barangay High School opened in June of 1972. It had 183 students and 5 teachers. There were two sections of first-year students and one section of second-year students. At first, the new high school did not have its own building. Most classes were held at the Barangay hall. Two classes were also held at the local elementary school. 

As more students came to Maria Cristina Barangay High School, a temporary classroom made of bricks was built. The school also hired more teachers. The national government paid for most of the school’s costs. The local school board also paid for some costs.

As the school continued to grow, it needed its own building. A new school was built on a 3-hectare site owned by the National Power Corporation. The National Power Corporation was not using a part of it. The National Transmission Corporation (TRANSCO) and the Local School Board of Division agreed to allow Maria Cristina National High School to use that part of the lot to build a new school. The goal of this new building was to make it possible for Maria Cristina National High School to keep growing. 

At first, in 2004, the new school had only two buildings with six classrooms, so only fourth-year students were able to use it. Now, the new building is big enough for all of the school’s students. The school now has 17 sections of students, 26 teachers, and 40 sets of computers.

Mickey's Diner

Mickey's Diner is an art deco-styled, restaurant located in downtown St. Paul, Minnesota. It is located at 36 West 7th Street. 

The diner was built in 1937 by the Jerry O'Mahony Diner Company of Elizabeth, New Jersey. Then it was shipped to Saint Paul by rail and installed in 1939. The diner is 50 feet long by 10 feet wide. The 24-hour diner has operated non-stop since it first opened. In 1983, the diner was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

The original Mickey's Diner appears in several Hollywood movies. These include "The Mighty Ducks", "Jingle All the Way", and "A Prairie Home Companion". The diner is also featured on the front and back cover of the 1985 self-titled, debut album of R&B singer, Alexander O'Neal. The diner appears in O'Neal's 1985 music video for the song, "Innocent", and in the 1991 Pet Shop Boys music video for the song, "Where The Streets Have No Name (I Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You)".

Pictures of the diner were in local and national newspapers for a different reason during the 2008 Republican National Convention in Saint Paul. Police confronted about two hundred protesters in front of Mickey's Diner. They made them leave by using tear gas, pepper spray, and flash grenades.


Lionel Ferbos

Lionel Charles Ferbos (July 17, 1911 – July 19, 2014) was an American jazz trumpeter. He was from New Orleans, Louisiana. At 103, Ferbos was the oldest jazz musician in New Orleans. He was trumpeter with the Ragtime on the soundtrack of the 1978 movie "Pretty Baby".

Ferbos died on the morning of July 19, 2014, at his home in New Orleans. He was 103 years old.

Aldo Rossi

Aldo Rossi (May 3, 1931 – September 4, 1997) was an Italian architect.

In 1990, Rossi won the Pritzker Prize. He died in a car accident in Milan.


Ruth Gruber

Ruth Gruber (September 30, 1911 – November 17, 2016) was an American journalist, photographer, writer, humanitarian and a former United States government official. She served as a Special Assistant to the Secretary of the Interior during World War II. She worked for the New York Post and for the New York Herald.

Gruber was born in New York City. She studied at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Gruber died at her home in New York City on November 17, 2016, aged 105.


Azuqueca de Henares

Azuqueca de Henares is a village in the west of the province of Guadalajara (Castile-La Mancha), in Spain

The village has a population of 35,397, in the 2013 census.

Amelia Boynton Robinson

Amelia Platts Boynton Robinson (August 18, 1911 – August 26, 2015) was an American activist. She was a leader of the Civil Rights Movement in Selma, Alabama and a key figure in the 1965 march that became known as Bloody Sunday.

In 1984 she became founding vice-president of the Schiller Institute working with Lyndon LaRouche. She was awarded the Martin Luther King, Jr. Freedom Medal in 1990.

Robinson died in Montgomery, Alabama after suffering a series of strokes at the age of 104.

John Calvert (magician)

Madren Elbern "John" Calvert (August 5, 1911 – September 27, 2013) was an American magician. He performed on stage (including Broadway) for eight decades both in the United States and worldwide.

Calvert married his wife Tammy in 1982. He died on September 27, 2013, aged 102.

Malaysia Airlines

Malaysia Airlines Berhad is the flag carrier airline of Malaysia. Its home base is Kuala Lumpur International Airport and its secondary hubs are Kota Kinabalu and Kuching. The airline is based in Greater Kuala Lumpur. It is a member of the Oneworld airline alliance.

In March 2014, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 from Kuala Lumpur International Airport to Beijing Capital International Airport went missing with 239 people. It is believed the plane crashed. In July 2014, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol to Kuala Lumpur International Airport was shot down by a missile. That crash killed 298 people. Malaysia Airlines has been going through many problems after those 2 accidents.

Ebby Halliday

Ebby Halliday (born Vera Lucille Koch; March 9, 1911 – September 8, 2015) was an American realtor and businesswoman who founded "Ebby Halliday Realtors".

She married former FBI agent Maurice Acers in 1965. Acers died in 1993. Halliday died in Dallas at the age of 104.


Kuala Lumpur International Airport

Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) is and a Southeast Asian airport. It costed US$3.5 billions to build. It is in Sepang district of Selangor. It is located approximately from Kuala Lumpur and serves the Greater Klang Valley conurbation.

It is the major hub of Malaysia Airlines, MASkargo, AirAsia, AirAsia X, Malindo Air and Department of Civil Aviation (DCA).

AirAsia

AirAsia Berhad () is a Malaysian low-cost airline based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. It has been named as the world's best low-cost airline, and a pioneer of low-cost travel in Asia. AirAsia group operates domestic and international flights to 100 destinations in 22 countries. Its main hub is the klia2 (LCCT) at Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA).

These are AirAsia's affiliate airlines and their hubs:


Garuda Indonesia

PT Garuda Indonesia (Persero) Tbk (), known as Garuda Indonesia, is the flag carrier of Indonesia. It is named after the mythical giant bird Garuda of Indonesian and Buddhist mythology. Garuda Indonesia is based in Soekarno-Hatta International Airport in Tangerang, near Jakarta.

Juan Carlos Varela

Juan Carlos Varela (; born 13 December 1963) is a Panamanian politician. On July 1, 2014, he became president of the Republic of Panama.

Soekarno–Hatta International Airport

Soekarno–Hatta International Airport () , abbreviated SHIA, is an airport in Indonesia. It is one of two airports in the Greater Jakarta area and serves international flights.

Tangerang

Tangerang is a city in Banten, Indonesia. It is located 25 km west of Jakarta. It is the sixth largest city in the nation. It has an area of 164.54 km² and an population of 1,797,715 (2010), increasing to 2,001,925 as at 2014 It is the eighth most populated suburb in the world. The Soekarno-Hatta International Airport which serves Greater Jakarta is in the city. In 2021, 49 people were killed in a prison fire.

Beijing Capital International Airport

Beijing Capital International Airport is the main international airport serving Beijing. It is located in the Chaoyang District.

Air China

Air China Limited (, colloquially known as 国航/國航, is the flag carrier of the People's Republic of China, based in Shunyi District, Beijing. Air China's flight operations are in Beijing Capital International Airport.

Bueninvento

Bueninvento ("Goodinvention") is the second studio album by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas in 2000. The album was nominated for Latin Grammy Award for Best Rock Solo Vocal Album. It was named the 4th best album of the 2000s decade by Latin music website Club Fonograma.




Emirates

Emirates may refer to: 


Azerbaijan Airlines

"Azərbaycan Hava Yolları" ("Azərbaycan Hava Yolları" QSC), Azerbaijan Airlines (AZAL, Azeri: Azərbaycan Hava Yolları), is the flag carrier of Azerbaijan, based in Baku. Its main base is Heydar Aliyev International Airport in Baku. It is a joint-stock company (JSC).

Marlon Wayans

Marlon Lamont Wayans (born July 23, 1972) is an American actor, producer, comedian, writer, and director. He is known for his roles in "Scary Movie", "White Chicks", "Requiem for a Dream", "Little Man", and in "A Haunted House".

Wayans was born in New York City.


Andries Putter

Vice Admiral Andries Petrus Putter SSAS SD MMM (2 December 1935 - 17 July 2014) was a South African military commander. He served as Chief of the South African Navy twice, first from 1982 to 1985 and again from 1989 to 1990.

He was born in Brits in 1935.

He joined the Navy in 1960 after a career in the Merchant Navy. In 1969 he commanded the SAS "Port Elizabeth" and became Senior Officer of the Minesweeper Flotilla. In 1982 he was appointed Chief of Naval Staff and in 1985 as the Chief of the Navy. He later served as Chief of Defence Intelligence.

Putter died in Johannesburg, South Africa from kidney failure, aged 78.

Shuba Jay

Shubashini Jeyaratnam (15 July 1976 – 17 July 2014), better known her by stage name Shuba Jay, was a Malaysian actress. She started acting in 2001. On television, she was best known for her role in shows such as "Spanar Jaya", "Gadis 3" and "Sugumana Sumaigal". While her movie roles were "Relationship Status" (2012) and "Tokak" (2013).

Jay was born on 15 July 1976. She was married to Dutchman Paul Goes. They had a daughter, Kaela Maya Jay Goes, who was born in 2012 via a natural birth at home.

Jay and her family were on board the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 when it was shot down on 17 July 2014, killing all people on board. She was 38. The flight was meant to go from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur but was shot down near Hrabove, Ukraine. She and her daughter were among the 43 Malaysian and her husband was among the 193 Dutch citizens killed.


Paul M. Fleiss

Paul Murray Fleiss, M.D. (September 8, 1933 – July 19, 2014) was an American pediatrician and author. He was known for his unconventional medical views. He was the father of television personality and former madam Heidi Fleiss. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Fleiss, who was of Jewish descent, died in Los Angeles, California from respiratory failure, aged 80.

Hans Funck

Hans Funck (7 March 1953 – 16 July 2014) was a German movie editor. He started his career in 1996. His best known works were "Das Experiment" (2001), "Downfall" (2004) and "Diana" (2013). He worked with German movie director Oliver Hirschbiegel many times.

Funck died from an asthma attack on 16 July 2014 at his apartment in Munich, Bavaria. He was 61.

Yehuda Nir

Yehuda Nir (31 March 1930 – 19 July 2014) was an Polish-born American psychiatrist. He was known for surviving the Holocaust. Nir served as a chief of child psychiatry at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center from 1979 to 1986. He was born in Lvov, Poland.

Nir died in Manhattan, New York, aged 84.

Pim de Kuijer

Pim de Kuijer Wilhelm Leonard (August 13, 1981 – July 17, 2014) was a Dutch columnist and lobbyist. He worked as a lobbyist for the organization STOP AIDS NOW!.

Kuijer was with dozens of others on their way to an international AIDS conference in Melbourne, when the plane he was on Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over Ukraine was shot down, aged 31.

Vilma Ferrán

Vilma Ferrán (30 October 1940 – 14 July 2014) was Argentine movie and television actress. She was known for her roles in "Animalada" and in "Dormir al sol.2". She was also known for her television roles in "Son de Fierro" and in "Casi ángeles". She was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Ferrán died in Buenos Aires, Argentina, aged 73.

Roberto Carnaghi

Roberto Luis Carnaghi Fernández (born May 13, 1938) is an Argentine actor. He has appeared in 44 movie, about 60 plays, more than 50 television programmes, and nearly 100 advertisements. He is known for his works with Tato Bores, an Argentine comedian.

Skye McCole Bartusiak

Skye McCole Bartusiak (September 28, 1992 – July 19, 2014) was an American actress and model. She is best known for her roles in the movies "The Cider House Rules" (1999), "The Patriot" (2000), "Riding in Cars with Boys" (2001) and "Don't Say a Word" (2001). She also made many appearances on television shows such as "JAG", "Frasier", "", "24", "George Lopez", "House", "Lost" and "". She was also an executive producer and director of short movies.

Bartusiak was born in Houston, Texas. Her older brother, Stephen Dylan Bartusiak, was also an actor.

Bartusiak was found dead on July 19, 2014 at her home in Houston. She was 21. Bartusiak had been suffering from epileptic seizures in the last days of her life, according to her mother.


Aldo Vannucchi

Aldo Vannucchi (born 24 September 1928) is an educator from Sorocaba, Brazil. He is a former rector of the University of Sorocaba UNISO. He is Master of Science in theology and Philosophy, with several specialized courses at universities in Rome, Geneva and Louvain in Belgium. Vanucchi was also chosen by the minister of Education to form the National Council of Education in Brazil.


Andreas Biermann

Andreas Biermann (13 September 1980 – 18 July 2014) was a German footballer. He played as a defender. He played from 1999 until his death in 2014. The last team he played for was FSV Spandauer Kickers.

Biermann was born in West Berlin. He was married and had two children.

Biermann killed himself on 18 July 2014 in Berlin, aged 33. He had depression for many years. He was known to have tried to kill himself three times.


Leave a Mark

Leave a Mark is the fifth studio album by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery. The album was released on May 5, 1998.

Wavefunction collapse

When a scientific experiment is done properly, it will give a measurable result. At each moment, the system (experiment) will be in one of several possible states. At the end, the experiment will be in a final state. At each point in time, the state of the system can be measured. 

Experiments done in quantum mechanics work the same way. The difference to classical mechanics is that at each point in time, several states are superposed (overlapping) to describe the state the experiment is in. These states are called eigenstates. In the same way as with classical mechanics, if a measurement is done, there is a single result. This result is the eigenvalue of one of the eigenstates. This means that measurement will reduce the several possible states to a single state by adding them together. After the measurement, the system will be in the state that was measured. In the Copenhagen interpretation, this reduction is known as wavefunction collapse. Collapse is one of two processes by which quantum systems evolve in time. The other is continuous evolution via the Schrödinger equation.

Werner Heisenberg was among the first to explain this situation, in a paper published in 1927. This result is controversial. Erwin Schrödinger used the thought experiment Schrödinger's cat to show this controversy.

Gulf of Naples

The Gulf of Naples (Italian: "Golfo di Napoli") is on the south-western coast of Italy. Also called the Bay of Naples, it is a c. gulf in the province of Naples, Campania region. 

The bay opens to the west into the Mediterranean Sea. It is bordered on the north by Naples and Pozzuoli, on the east by Mount Vesuvius, and on the south by Sorrento and the Sorrentine Peninsula. The Peninsula separates the Gulf of Naples from the Gulf of Salerno, which includes the Amalfi coast.

The islands of Capri, Ischia and Procida are in the Gulf of Naples. The area is a tourist destination, with the seaside Roman ruins of Pompeii and Herculaneum at the foot of Mount Vesuvius. These towns were covered with volcanic ash in the AD 79 eruption of Vesuvius.

Fin whales can sometimes be seen in Gulf of Pozzuoli.

Null vector

A null vector is a special vector, which is the identity element for the addition of vectors, in a given vector space. As an example, the null vector of n-dimensional coordinate space is a vector whose components are all 0. It is often denoted by the symbol formula_1 (which distinguishes it from the number formula_2). 

Null vectors are used to define key concepts of linear algebra, such as linear independence, basis and kernel. They are used to solve linear equations as well.


The Maritimes

The Maritimes or the Maritime Provinces, is a region of Eastern Canada with three provinces: New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island. Along with Newfoundland and Labrador, they form Atlantic Canada.

Some people have proposed merging all three provinces into a single province called the Maritime Union.

Both Great Britain and France settled the area in the 17th century. After the French and Indian War, the British ruled the entire area. The Charlottetown Conference was held in 1864 in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island. The Conference was about the various colonies of British North America forming the Canadian Confederation.

Qikiqtaaluk Region

Qikiqtaaluk Region or Baffin Region is an administrative region of Nunavut, Canada. Qikiqtaaluk is the traditional Inuktitut name for Baffin Island. While "Qikiqtaaluk Region" is the official name, some public organizations like Statistics Canada and Nunavut Tourism prefer to use "Baffin Region". The region covers the northeastearn and eastern parts of Nunavut.

The region consists of Baffin Island, the Belcher Islands, Akimiski Island, Mansel Island, Prince Charles Island, Bylot Island, Devon Island, Cornwallis Island, Bathurst Island, Amund Ringnes Island, Ellef Ringnes Island, Axel Heiberg Island, Ellesmere Island, the Melville Peninsula, the eastern part of Melville Island, and the northern parts of Prince of Wales Island, and Somerset Island, along with some smaller islands.

The regional seat and largest city is Iqaluit. According to the Canada 2006 Census, 15,765 people lived there.

National parks in the region include Auyuittuq National Park, Sirmilik National Park, and Bowman Bay Wildlife Sanctuary.


Ellesmere Island Volcanics

The Ellesmere Island Volcanics is a group of extinct volcanoes and lava flows on Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada. It formed during the Cretaceous Period. This province is the northernmost volcanoism on Earth.

it is part of the Arctic Cordillera.

Elizabeth, New Jersey

Elizabeth is a city in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the city had a total population of 137,298. It is New Jersey's fourth largest city. In 2008, Elizabeth was named one of "America's 50 Greenest Cities" by "Popular Science" magazine, the only city in New Jersey selected. The Elizabeth River runs into Newark Bay in Elizabeth.

Elizabeth was founded in 1665 by English settlers and originally called "Elizabethtown". It was part of the Elizabethtown Tract. The town was named for Elizabeth, wife of governor George Carteret. The town served as the first capital of New Jersey. During the American Revolutionary War, there were over a hundred battles and skirmishes fought in and around Elizabeth.

On March 13, 1855, the City of Elizabeth was created by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature. On March 19, 1857, the city became part of the newly created Union County. Portions of the city were taken to form Linden Township on March 4, 1861.

The Singer Sewing Machine Company was the first major industry in Elizabeth. They had up to 2,000 workers. In 1895, one of the first car companies opened. This was the Electric Carriage and Wagon Company. They were soon joined by another electric car builder, Andrew L. Riker. The Electric Boat Company got its start building submarines for the United States Navy in Elizabeth. The first boat to launch was the USS "Holland" (SS-1) in 1897. Elizabeth grew in parallel to the larger city of Newark for many years. But Elizabeth has been more successful in retaining a middle class presence and was spared riots in the 1960s.

Battle of Spotsylvania Court House

The Battle of Spotsylvania Court House was part of the Overland Campaign of the American Civil War. It was fought from May 8 to May 21, 1864. After the Battle of the Wilderness, Union commander Ulysses S. Grant decided to march south to get between the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia and the Confederate capital of Richmond, Virginia. As part of the Union plans, they had to capture the important crossroads of Spotsylvania Court House. But Confederate cavalry arrived there first, followed by Confederate infantry.

Part of the Confederate line bulged outward; this part was soon called the "Mule Shoe". On May 12, Grant attacked the Mule Shoe with several thousand men. The Union attack captured part of the Confederate line but Confederate commander Robert E. Lee sent reinforcements to counterattack. The fighting lasted all day at the Mule Shoe. By the end of the day, an oak tree almost two feet wide was completely severed by all the rifle fire.

The battle continued until May 21st. Grant then decided that he could not defeat Lee at Spotsylvania, so he ordered the Union army to move southward.

Stonewall Brigade

The Stonewall Brigade was an infantry brigade in the Confederate army during the American Civil War. It got its name from Thomas J. Jackson, the first commander of the brigade. At the First Battle of Bull Run, Jackson got the nickname of "Stonewall". The brigade became one of the most famous brigades of the Civil War.

The brigade had five regiments: 2nd Virginia Infantry, 4th Virginia Infantry, 5th Virginia Infantry, 27th Virginia Infantry, and 33rd Virginia Infantry. All five regiments were orgainized in 1861. It fought in many battles of the war. At the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House, most of the brigade was killed, wounded, or captured. The brigade was then consolidated into a single small regiment. When the Army of Northern Virginia surrendered at Appomattox Court House in 1865, the brigade had only 200 soldiers left.

NGC 2207 and IC 2163

NGC 2207 and IC 2163 are a pair of colliding spiral galaxies about 80 million light-years away in the constellation Canis Major. Both galaxies were discovered by John Herschel in 1835. 

So far four supernovae have been observed in NGC 2207. 

NGC 2207 is in the process of stripping IC 2163 of stars and material.

NGC 2207 is in the process of colliding and merging with IC 2163. But unlike the Antennae or the Mice galaxies, they are still two separate spiral galaxies. They are only in the first step of colliding and merging. Soon they will collide, probably looking a bit more like the Mice Galaxies. In about a billion years time they are expected to merge and become an elliptical galaxy.

Battle of Yellow Tavern

The Battle of Yellow Tavern was part of the Overland Campaign of the American Civil War. It was fought on May 11, 1864 in Henrico County, Virginia. Major General Philip Sheridan, who commanded the cavalry of the Army of the Potomac, wanted to launch a raid behind the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia. He thought he could keep supplies from reaching the Confederates and defeat the Confederate cavalry, commanded by Major General J.E.B. Stuart.

Sheridan started his raid on May 9. Stuart started after him right away. On May 11, they fought on May 11 at Yellow Tavern, six miles north of Richmond. The Confederates defeated several Union attacks. But in the afternoon, General George A. Custer's Michigan Brigade broke through the Confederate center. Near the end of the battle Stuart was mortally wounded by one of Custer's men and died the next day. The Confederates then retreated from the battlefield. The battle, except for Stuart's death, was not of much note. There were a total of about 800 casualties.

Baron Waqa

Baron Waqa (born December 31, 1959) is a politician from Nauru. On 11 July 2013, he became president of Nauru.

Cabinet of Canada

The Cabinet of Canada is a group of government ministers which forms part of the government of Canada inside the . The members of the cabinet are often members of the Canadian parliament, usually the House of Commons. The ministers are usually the head of a department or agency.

List of political parties in Canada

The following is a list of political parties in Canada.

In Canada, the parties which run for national federal office are usually not closely connected with local povincial parties, even if they have the same name.


The Northwest Territories had political parties only from 1897 to 1905, when Alberta and Manitoba were created as provinces. Since 1951, politicians can only run as independents. Current territorial law does not recognize any political parties.


List of federal political parties in Canada

The following is a list of political parties which run for national federal office in Canada.

Political parties represented in the House of Commons
Other parties registered with Elections Canada


Senate of Canada

The Senate of Canada is the upper house of the Parliament of Canada. There are 105 members of the Canadian senate. They are appointed by the Governor General of Canada with the advise of the Prime Minister of Canada.

The number of senators from the different parts of Canada varies. Four regions have 24 senators each.

Stay (Rihanna song)

"Stay" is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It is from her seventh studio album, "Unapologetic" (2012). American songwriter Mikky Ekko sings on the song. "Stay" is a midtempo ballad. In the lyrics, a woman asks her lover to remain with her, despite her feelings about him. The song's instruments consist mainly of a piano and cymbal crashes.

The song reached number three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It reached the top five in the United Kingdom and also was number one on the charts in Canada. On June 30, 2015, the song was certified six-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for selling over six million downloads in the United States alone. "Stay" was the thirteenth-most successful song of 2013 in the United States, according to "Billboard".

Elektra Records

Elektra Records (Elektra Entertainment Group Inc.) is an American major record label. It is owned by Warner Music Group. Elektra Records was founded in 1950 by Jac Holzman and Paul Rickolt in Holzman's St. John's College dorm room. It was combined with WMG's Atlantic Records Group in 2004. After 5 years of being inactive, Atlantic Records Group announced that they were reviving the Elektra as an independent entity within Warner Music on June 1, 2009.

In September 1994, Elektra Records was sued by heavy metal band Metallica so that they could terminate their contract with the label and gain ownership of their master recordings. In January, Metallica and Elektra announced that they settled their suit, and even though a non-disclosure agreement had kept the terms secret, media sources claimed that "a significant increase in royalty payments to the band as well as a renegotiation of the group's recording contract were key factors in Metallica and Elektra coming to terms."


Martin Heinrich

Martin Trevor Heinrich (born October 17, 1971) is an American politician. He is the senior United States Senator for New Mexico. He was in office since 2013. From 2009 to 2013 Heinrich was the U.S. Representative for . He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Tom Udall

Thomas Stewart "Tom" Udall (born May 18, 1948) is an American politician. Udall is the United States Ambassador to New Zealand and Samoa since 2021. He was the United States Senator from New Mexico from 2009 to 2021 and a member of the Democratic Party. First elected to the Senate in 2008, he represented as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2009. He was the Attorney General of New Mexico from 1991 to 1999.

On March 25, 2019, Udall announced that he would not run for re-election in 2020.

On July 16, 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Udall to serve as United States Ambassador to New Zealand and Samoa. Udall was confirmed by the Senate by voice vote on October 26, 2021.

Carlos Balá

Carlos Balá (born Carlos Salim Balaá on August 13, 1925 in Buenos Aires – September 22, 2022) was an Argentine actor. He was known for his roles in "Canuto Cañete, conscripto del 7" (1963), "Las locuras del professor" (1979) and "Un loco en acción" (1983).


Alberto Olmedo

Alberto Olmedo (Barrio Pichincha, Rosario, Santa Fe Province, August 24, 1933 – March 5, 1988) was an Argentine comedian and actor.  Popularly regarded as one of the most important comedian in the history of the show of his country, for his outstanding work in television, cinema and theater.

Olmedo was born in the city of Rosario. In his teens, he was a gymnast and an aspiring actor. He tried his luck with several amateur theater companies and enjoyed some local success.

Olmedo moved to Buenos Aires in 1954. One year later, while working as a technician in Canal 7, Argentina's first television station, his improvisation skills caught the attention of the management, who gave him acting jobs in several TV shows.

Even though Olmedo had a string of successful children's programs during the 1960s, the peak of his abilities would arrive when given the opportunity to mix slapstick, nonsense, and adult-oriented entertainment.

Olmedo married and divorced twice, and had six children (including Alberto Jr.).

Olmedo died in the vacation town of Mar del Plata, Buenos Aires Province, on March 5, 1988. According to police reports, he slipped off his eleventh-floor apartment's balcony. It is believed that he tried, possibly under the influence of alcohol or cocaine, to perform a high-wire stunt on the balcony and lost his balance.

He is buried in La Chacarita Cemetery, Buenos Aires.


Jorge Porcel

Jorge Raúl Porcel de Peralta (; September 7, 1936 – May 16, 2006) was an Argentine comedian, actor and television host. He was nicknamed "El Gordo de América" ("America's Fat Guy"). Porcel is considered, along with Alberto Olmedo, one of Argentina's greatest comic actors of the twentieth century.


José Marrone

José Carlos Marrone (October 25, 1915 in Buenos Aires – June 27, 1990 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine actor and comedian.

Marrone was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

His career began when he performed as a vaudeville in theaters and the radio. He hosted several children-oriented TV shows, such as "El Circo de Marrone" (Marrone's Circus), playing the clown character "Pepitito". His recurring catchphrase was 
"Cheee!".

He married twice and had a daughter, "Coqui", with his first wife, Rosa. Still married, Marrone fell in love with Juanita Martínez, but they waited to get together until Rosa died. 

Marrone died in Buenos Aires, Argentina from a heart attack, aged 74.

In 2001, a decade after Marrone's death, Juanita committed suicide, and her body was found with a picture of Marrone in her hands.

Kadhal Dhandapani

Kadhal Dhandapani (c. 1943 – 20 July 2014) was an Indian movie actor, He appears in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam movie. He was known for his role in Balaji Sakthivel's "Kaadhal" (2004). 

Dhandapani died on 20 July 2014 following a cardiac arrest, aged 71.

Dhandapani suffered a cardiac arrest and died on 20 July 2014 at the age of 71.He is survived by his 3 Sons (Vimaladhithan, Lenin, Kumar), 1 Daughter (Rajeswari) & 8 Grandchildren (Prakash, Dhilip, Balaji, Raagavi, Priya, Yashmitha, Novidha, Rithika).His wife Aruna died on March 29, 2011.

Dev Anand

Dharam Devdutt Pishorimal Anand (26 September 1923 – 3 December 2011), better known as Dev Anand, was an Indian movie actor, screenwriter, director and producer. He is known for his work in Hindi cinema. Anand was known for his roles in "C.I.D.", "Nau Do Gyarah", "Guide", and in the "Jewel Thief".

Anand died in his hotel room in London at the age of 88 on 3 December 2011 from cardiac arrest.


Victor G. Atiyeh

Victor George "Vic" Atiyeh (February 20, 1923 – July 20, 2014) was an American politician. He was the 32nd Governor of Oregon from 1979 until 1987. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was the first elected governor of Arab descent in the United States. He was re-elected against future governor Ted Kulongoski with 61.6 percent of the vote in 1982, the biggest margin in 32 years.

Atiyeh was born in Portland, Oregon. His father was a Syrian immigrant. He was married and had two children.

Atiyeh died from renal failure caused by a fall on July 20, 2014 in Beaverton, Oregon. He was 91.


The Runaways (movie)

The Runaways is a 2010 biographical movie. Dakota Fanning plays Cherie Currie. Kristen Stewart plays the singer Joan Jett. This movie is about the 1970s all-girl rock group called The Runaways. It begins around 1975.

"The Runaways" got mostly positive review by critics. It was released on March 19, 2010.

Clouds of Sils Maria

Clouds of Sils Maria is a 2014 drama movie. Kristen Stewart plays Valentine. Juliette Binoche plays Maria. Chloë Grace Moretz plays Jo-Ann Ellis.

The movie was first shown at the Cannes Film Festival in May 2014. It will be released in the United States in December 2014.

Álex Angulo

Alejandro "Álex" Angulo León (12 April 1953 – 20 July 2014) was a Spanish actor. He was born in Erandio. He performed in over sixty movies during his career. He was an actor for more than 30 years. He was known for his role as Doctor Ferreiro in "Pan's Labyrinth". 

He died in Fuenmayor at the age of 61 when the vehicle in which he was travelling veered from the road.

Lluís Homar

Lluís Homar i Toboso (born April 20, 1957) is a Spanish actor and theater director from Barcelona. He is known for his roles in "Bad Education" (2004) and "Broken Embraces" (2009).

Federico Luppi

Federico Luppi (; February 23, 1936, in Ramallo, Buenos Aires Province – October 20, 2017 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine-Spanish movie, television, radio and theatre actor. He is known for his roles in "Men with Guns", "Cronos", "The Devil's Backbone", "Pan's Labyrinth", and "Los pasos perdidos".


Resultant force

A resultant force, also called a net force, is a force equal to the sum of all forces applied to an object.

If 30N and 60N are applied to the right, then the resultant force is 90N to the right. If 40N is applied to the left and 30N applied to the right, the resultant force is 10N to the left as the force is bigger or heavier on the left. Note that "N" is an abbreviation of "Newton", which is a unit of force.

Annabelle (movie)

Annabelle is a 2014 American supernatural horror movie. It was directed by John R. Leonetti and written by Gary Dauberman. It is a prequel of "The Conjuring". It is set in 1967 in Santa Monica, California. It stars Annabelle Wallis, Ward Horton, Tony Amendola, and Alfre Woodard. The movie was released worldwide on October 3, 2014.

Ingvar Kamprad

Feodor Ingvar Kamprad (; 30 March 1926 – 27 January 2018) was a Swedish business magnate. He was the founder of IKEA, a Swedish retail company specialising in furniture.

Kamprad died on 27 January 2018 in Småland, Sweden of pneumonia at the age of 91.


Flushing, Michigan

Flushing is a city in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 8,411 at the 2020 census. Flushing is considered a suburb of Flint.

Mice galaxies

The Mice galaxies (NGC 4676) are two spiral galaxies in the constellation Coma Berenices. About 290 million light-years away, we see them as they began to collide and merge. Their name refers to the long tails produced by tidal action, which is the relative difference between gravitational pulls on the near and far parts of each galaxy. They are members of the Coma cluster, so the galaxies may have collided before, and will continue colliding until they merge. 

The galaxies were photographed in 2002 by the Hubble Space Telescope.

Ross Burden

Ross Kelvin Burden (16 December 1968 – 17 July 2014) was a New Zealand celebrity chef. In May 2006, he appeared on "" along with chefs Jean-Christophe Novelli, Aldo Zilli and Paul Rankin. He also judged the first season of MasterChef New Zealand in 2010. He published at least two books and wrote columns for two magazines.

Burden was born in Napier. He moved to the United Kingdom during the early 1990s.

Burden died from an infection caused by cancer treatment on 17 July 2014 in Auckland. He was 45 and had a form of leukemia.

John Fasano

John Fasano (August 24, 1961 – July 19, 2014) was an American movie director, screenwriter, producer and actor. He was best known for co-writing "Another 48 Hrs." (1990), starring Eddie Murphy and Nick Nolte. He also was the director of the Canadian horror movie "Rock 'n' Roll Nightmare" (1987).

Fasano was born in New York City, New York. He was married and had two children.

Fasano died in his sleep on July 19, 2014, aged 52.

Photorefractive keratectomy

Photorefractive keratectomy (PRK) is a type of laser eye surgery. PRK uses an ultraviolet laser to reshape the cornea (outer surface of the eye). PRK can correct astigmatism, nearsightedness, and farsightedness. Unlike LASIK, PRK does not create a flap in the eye. Although no surgery is completely safe, PRK has less complications or side effects than LASIK. Some patients who can not have LASIK may be able to get PRK. PRK is especially preferred over LASIK for people with high prescriptions, thin corneas, and people who are more likely to get eye injuries, such as athletes or police officers. Potential side effects or complications include seeing haloes, starbursts, or glare, corneal haze, dry eye, infection, blurry vision, double vision, and the continued need for glasses or contact lenses. Side effects are more likely if an old or obsolete laser is used, which many clinics still use. Side effects are usually temporary but may become permanent. Some temporary side effects may be caused by the eye drops used, and not the surgery itself.

The surgeon gives anesthetic drops in each eye, to prevent the patient from feeling pain. The epithelium (outer layer of the cornea) is brushed off, and the surgeon uses a laser to remove small amounts of the cornea, changing its shape. Mitomycin C is then applied to the eye, which helps prevent corneal haze. A bandage contact lens is then placed over the eye, and the epithelium grows back behind the contact lens. Vision will be blurry for a few days, and there will be some pain and discomfort. The recovery period is longer and more painful than LASIK. Several sets of eye drops, applied several times each day, are necessary for at least a week or longer. After about a week, the epithelium has grown back, and the surgeon removes the contact lens. The patient must sleep with a protective shield over the eyes until the contact lens is removed.

Octopus card

The Octopus card is a reusable contactless stored value smart card for making electronic payments in Hong Kong. Started in September 1997 to collect fares for the MTR, the Octopus card system is the second contactless smart card system in the world, after the Korean Upass, and has been widely used for all public transport in Hong Kong. It led to the development of Oyster card in London.

"Baat Daaht Tùng" (Cantonese Pronunciation) translates as "eight-arrived pass" (in Chinese it was accepted as "go-everywhere pass"), where "Baat Daaht" may translate as "reaching everywhere". It was selected by the head of the MTR, the parent company of Octopus Cards Limited, in a naming competition held in 1996.



It Must Have Been Love

"It Must Have Been Love" is a song by Roxette. It was released in 1987 and again in 1990. This song reached #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in June 1990. The song is about a breakup on a day in winter. 

The song was re-released in September 1993.

Warrant (band)

Warrant is an American hard rock group. It is from Hollywood, California. The group is well known for their songs "Cherry Pie", "Blind Faith" and "Heaven". All three songs became hits.

The group was established in 1984.

Cherry Pie (album)

Cherry Pie is the second studio album by the heavy metal band Warrant. The album was released on September 11, 1990. This album has sexual and love themes.

The song "Cherry Pie (song)" is on this album. It became the biggest hit song by the group. "Cherry Pie" contains references to sex.

Cherry Pie (song)

"Cherry Pie" is a 1990 heavy metal song by the group Warrant. It was released from the album of the same name in 1990. "Cherry Pie" became a major hit song for this group.

The song's lyrics are about sex and love making.

Fagerhult

Fagerhult is a locality in Habo Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden. In 2010, 316 people lived there.

Baskarp

Baskarp is a minor locality in Habo Municipality, in the county of Jönköping in Sweden. In 2010, 79 people lived there.

Fiskebäck

Fiskebäck is a minor locality in Habo Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden. In 2010, 130 people lived there.

Nätebäcken

Nätebäcken is a minor locality in Habo Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden. In 2010, 102 people lived there.

Västerkärr

Västerkärr is a minor locality in Habo Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden. In 2010, 94 people lived there.

Solhöjden

Solhöjden is a minor locality in Habo Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden. In 2010, 140 people lived there.

Björnhult, Grönestad and Hästebäcken

Björnhult, Grönestad and Hästebäcken () is a minor locality in Habo Municipality in Jönköping County, Sweden. In 2010, 106 people lived there. 

Breast augmentation

Breast augmentation is a surgical procedure used to increase the size of the breasts. 

Usually, implants are used, but another technique called fat grafting is sometimes used. The size increase can be as small as one cup size, or as large as 10 cup sizes or more.

The larger the increase, the greater the risk of complications. Complications may include leaking of the implants, which may require the implants to be replaced. With larger breasts the whole weight balance of the body is changed, which may cause stress to the muscular and skeletal systems.

A surgical implant is either an implant filled with saline-solution, or an implant filled with silicone-gel. The fat-graft transfer uses grafts of adipose fat tissue from the woman’s own body. A full assessment of this method is not yet available. The method does not allow for the huge size increase possible with implants, and slim women may not have enough fat tissue to allow the method to be used.

Sometimes the method is used to correct issues, or to replace a breast after amputation.

Implants are inserted into the breast and filled with silicone or a saline solution. This is the most common method of augmentation.

Yarn-like polypropylene string is inserted into the breast, where it irritates the breast, causing it to fill with fluid. Polypropylene string produces very large size increases, often well over 20 cup sizes. It has a very high complication rate and is now banned in the United States and many other countries.

Fat is removed with liposuction from an area of the body where it is not desirable. The fat is then cleaned and injected into the breast.

Kevin Skinner (rugby union)

Kevin Lawrence Skinner (24 November 1927 – 21 July 2014) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He was born in Dunedin. He won 20 full caps for the All Blacks, two of them as captain. He was also a heavyweight boxer, winning the New Zealand championship in 1947.

Skinner died in Auckland on 21 July 2014, aged 86.

Ted Kulongoski

Theodore R. "Ted" Kulongoski ( ; born November 5, 1940) is an American politician. He was the 36th Governor of Oregon from 2003 to 2011. He is a Democrat.

Justine Greening

Justine Greening is a British politician. She is a member of the Conservative Party. 

Greening was Secretary of State for Education from July 2016 to January 2018, and an MP from 2005 to 2018.


Seville Township, Michigan

Seville Township is a civil township of Gratiot County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2,132 at the 2020 census.

Macon Township, Michigan

Macon Township is a civil township of Lenawee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the township population was 1,330.

Rome, Georgia

Rome is a city and county seat in Floyd County, Georgia, United States. As of 2020, the population is 37,713. 

Greenville, Florida

Greenville is a small town in Madison County, Florida, United States. The population was 746 at the 2020 census. It is the hometown of legendary singer Ray Charles.

Scattering

When radiation hits something it may be sent off in many directions. This is scattering and is distinct from absorption, reflection, and refraction. Kinds of scattering include: 


List of Violetta episodes

The following is a list of episodes of the Disney Channel original series, "Violetta". All of the episode titles end with "una canción", meaning "a song" in Spanish.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

According to an interview with Diego Ramos, the series has been renewed for a third season which will begin filming on April 2014.

New Democratic Party

The New Democratic Party (NDP) is a social democratic political party in Canada. It was formed in 1961 when the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation merged with the Canadian Labour Congress. In Canadian politics, the NDP is to the left of the Liberal Party.

Wings of the NDP have formed governments in several provinces. It forms the current government in British Columbia. In the 2011 federal elections it won 98 out of 308 seats in the House of Commons.

The current party leader is Jagmeet Singh. He became the leader in October 2017.

The NDP is not like other Canadian political parties. All the provincial and territorial parties are a direct part of the national/federal NDP. This means that if someone is a member of a provincial NDP party, they are automatically a member of the federal NDP.

This is not the case in the Northwest Territories, Nunavut, and Quebec. This is because both the governments of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are consensus governments. Because of this, those governments do not have political parties. The NDP are represented by their groups in charge of the ridings in those territories (both Nunavut and the Northwest Territories each have one riding). In Quebec in 1989, the provincial NDP and the federal NDP decided to separate. This is because the Quebec NDP wanted Quebec to leave Canada. In 2014, the Quebec NDP restarted but it is not related to the federal NDP.

Official Opposition (Canada)

In Canada, the Official Opposition is usually the largest parliamentary opposition party in the federal House of Commons or a provincial legislature that is not in government. The Official Opposition usually criticizes the official cabinet. It also organizes the Official Opposition Shadow Cabinet, lead by the Leader of the Official Opposition. The members of the shadow cabinet triy to point out any problems in the plans of the official cabinet.

Lynda Patterson

Lynda Jane Patterson (6 February 1974 – 20 July 2014) was a New Zealand Anglican priest and educator. She was the 13th dean of ChristChurch Cathedral in Christchurch from 2013 until her death in 2014. She was the first woman to hold that position.

Patterson was born in Northern Ireland. She taught at Mansfield College at the University of Oxford. After visiting New Zealand in 2002, she began to live there. She was first living in Auckland where she learned Māori. She also studied for the ministry.

Patterson died from natural causes on 20 July 2014 in Christchurch, aged 40.

Jazz Aviation

Jazz Aviation LP, formerly Jazz, is a Canadian regional airline. It was founded in 2001. It is Canada's second largest airline (in terms of fleet size). The airline is headquartered at Halifax Stanfield International Airport in Enfield and Halifax, Nova Scotia. Jazz serves both Canada and the United States across 74 destinations.

WestJet

WestJet Airlines Ltd. is a Canadian low-cost carrier. It was founded on February 29, 1992. It is Canada's second largest air carrier, behind Air Canada. It operates an average of 425 flights and carries over 45,000 passengers per day. It was the eighth-largest airline in North America by passengers carried and carried 18.5 million passengers in 2013.

WestJet has a subsidiary regional airline called WestJet Encore, which started operating on June 24, 2013 with Bombardier Q400 twin-turboprop aircraft.

Unapologetic

"Unapologetic" is the seventh studio album released by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on November 19, 2012, by Def Jam Recordings. The album features collaborations from Future, David Guetta, Eminem, Mikky Ekko, and Chris Brown. "Unapologetic "became Rihanna's first number-one album on the "Billboard"200 chart in the United States. It features the number one hit single "Diamonds". To promote the album Rihanna went on the 777 Tour which consisted of seven shows in seven cities over seven nights.

Tracy Lawrence

Tracy Lawrence (born January 27, 1968) is an American country music singer. He started at a country music restaurant called "Live At Libby's" where owner Libby Knight would help local talent find their way into country music. Lawerence signed to Atlantic Records in 1991.





Heavy metals

Heavy metals are metals or chemical compounds containing metals with relatively high density, high atomic weights, or atomic numbers. 

This might mean up to 96 out of the 118 known chemical elements. Mercury, lead and bismuth are examples. The term is widely used in science. They have a density of more than 5 g/cm. All of them are denser than iron 

The term is sometimes used for any toxic metal, or metalloid such as arsenic, regardless of density. 

The term heavy metals includes chromium, cobalt, nickel, copper, zinc, arsenic, silver, gold, cadmium, antimony, mercury, thallium, tungsten, platinum and lead. 

The heaviest metal by density is osmium. Although most heavy metals are toxic, not all of them are. For example, gold, which is one of the heaviest metals, is non-toxic and chemically inert in the body. Some gold compounds are toxic, however. More specific definitions of a heavy metal have been proposed but none is widely used.

Heavy metals are scarce in the Earth's crust because most have sunk into the Earth's core. Many are used in modern life. They are used, for example, in golf clubs, cars, antiseptics, self-cleaning ovens, plastics, solar panels, mobile phones, and particle accelerators.



Monk (TV series)

Monk is an American comedy-drama detective mystery television series. It was written for TV by Andy Breckman. It stars Tony Shalhoub. The show was on the air from July 2002 to December 2009. The last episode before the series was cancelled was one of the most-watched in cable television history. Other actors in the show were Bitty Schram, Jason Gray-Stanford, Ted Levine and Traylor Howard.

Adrian Monk (Tony Shalhoub) had been a good detective for the San Francisco police department. After his wife Trudy was killed by a car bomb, Monk had a nervous breakdown. He was too upset and afraid to work. He was then let go by the police department.

After that he stayed inside his house for many years. He finally began to go outside his house; but only with the help of his nurse, Sharona Fleming (Bitty Schram). He could only go places when she went with him to protect him from his fears. This let him do some work as a private detective. He still has a severe case of obsessive-compulsive disorder. Sometimes, the obsessive-compulsive disorder helps him figure out the answers to clues in cases. He has a great memory for details. Since he was a child, Monk has been able to notice small things that others miss.

Monk has to have everything clean and spends a lot of his day cleaning over and over. He also has a fear of germs. He cleans his toothbrush with boiling water. He vacuums his walls and ceilings in his home.

Captain Leland Stottlemeyer (Ted Levine) and Lieutenant Randall "Randy" Disher (Jason Gray-Stanford) ask Monk for detective help when they can't figure out a crime scene. Stottlemeyer is usually frustrated by Monk's idiosyncrasies. But he respects Monk's amazing crime solving abilities.

When Monk is not working, he tries to solve his wife's murder. He often works on cases that involve women or bombs, because it reminds him of his wife.

In the middle of Season 3, Monk's nurse, Sharona Fleming, decides to move back to New Jersey. Monk then hires another assistant. Her name is Natalie Teeger (played by Traylor Howard). Natalie has a daughter named Julie Teeger. Her husband was in the United States Navy and was killed in combat years earlier.


Traylor Howard

Traylor Elizabeth Howard (born June 14, 1966) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in the TV shows "Monk" and "Two Guys and a Girl". She also appeared in a Foo Fighters music video.

Howard was born in Orlando, Florida. She started out doing commercials. Howard has a degree in communications and advertising from Florida State University. Before landing her first role in NBC's "Boston Common" she had already appeared in over 30 commercials. She appeared in "Two Guys and a Girl" on ABC and "Bram & Alice" on CBS. Her most famous role is probably as "Natalie Teeger" in USA network's TV series "Monk".

Howard has been married three times. Her first marriage was with Cameron Hall from 1991 to 1993. She was also married to Christian Navarro. On November 24, 2006, Howard gave birth to Sabu Howard. She then married her longtime friend Jarel Portman in 2011. She gave birth again in 2012 to Julien Howard. She lives in Los Angeles, California.

Yamila Diaz-Rahi

Yamila Diaz-Rahi (born 9 March 1976) is an Argentine model.Today Yamila Diaz Rahi is a popular ceramic artist in Brooklyn New York. Yamila Diaz Rahi Ceramics.

Díaz was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina to a Lebanese father and Spanish mother. Her father was a doctor and her mother was a health care manager. While studying Economics in Buenos Aires in 1996 she was discovered by a scout from Milan.

After working in Milan for a few years, she was featured in the 1999 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, and was on the cover of the magazine in 2002 and 2006.

Diaz-Rahi has also been on other magazines such as GQ, Maxim, and so on. She has also appeared in the Victoria's Secret catalog, and various advertisements.


Straight Outta Compton

Straight Outta Compton is the debut studio album by rap group N.W.A. It was released in 1988. Most of the album's lyrics are by Eazy-E, Ice Cube and MC Ren. This album reached double platinum. 

Songs on the album include "Gangsta Gangsta" and "Straight Outta Compton".

All songs were produced by Dr. Dre and . 


The Wolf Among Us

The Wolf Among Us is an episodic graphic adventure video game developed and published by Telltale Games. It is based on the "Fables" comic book series by Bill Willingham. It is set as a prequel to the comic book and is canon with the comic book universe.

The first season for the game consists of five episodes. The first episode was released worldwide for Microsoft Windows and the Xbox 360 on October 11, 2013, for OS X worldwide on October 14, 2013, for PlayStation 3 on October 15, 2013, in North America and on October 16, 2013, in both Europe and Australia, for iOS worldwide on December 4, 2013, and PlayStation Vita before the end of 2014. The retail versions of the game for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, and Xbox One consoles are expected to be released later in 2014.

In the game, the player controls Bigby Wolf, formerly the Big Bad Wolf. Bigby is the sheriff of Fabletown and works at the "Business Office" under interim mayor Ichabod Crane. He is aided by Snow White and her Magic Mirror during his investigation along with the help of Bufkin the winged monkey who manages the records of Fabletown. Bigby saves a young prostitute from a drunk Woodsman. He leads her to safety and she tells him that he is not as bad as everyone says he is. The next day, Bigby is shocked to find that the woman's head had been left on the Woodlands doorstep. Clues that were left with her head identify her as Faith, a Fable from Allerleirauh. Ichabod Crane then orders that Bigby and Snow White investigate her death.


Roar (song)

"Roar" is a song by American pop singer-songwriter Katy Perry. The lyrics are about standing up for oneself and self-empowerment. 

The song received mixed reviews from critics. "Roar" became Perry's eighth number-one hit song on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song also topped charts internationally, in countries such as Canada, the United Kingdom, and Australia, where "Roar" became the bestselling song of 2013.

The song was released on August 10, 2013.

The music video shows Katy Perry inside a cargo plane with another male that suddenly crashes in a jungle. Her male counterpart doesn't care about the situation and gives Katy the luggage while taking selfies . A tiger acts him suddenly . Katy screams and flees with the tiger chasing after her she ditches the tiger and is nearly eaten by a crocodile and has a spider crawl on her . After this Katy sees fireflies in the bushes who all come out and form a tiger . It cuts to the next shot wear she bathes with help from an elephant and makes. friends with a money. She also turns berries into lipstick and uses her shoe to make a hunting tool . She catches a banana and then goes exploring .She reads prehistoric cave art with a tiger's roar being stronger than men . He then emerges in different clothes and a leaf skirt and starts swing from vines and brushes a crocodiles teeth and also she paints an elephant's toe nails . She calls all the animals and uses a parrots feather to lure the tiger into a trap and proves her roar stronger than his . Katy is then named queen of the jungle with her tiger and various animals as her pets . The next shot cuts to her waking up in the crashed plane surrounded by animals .



Birthday (song)

"Birthday" is a song by American pop singer-songwriter Katy Perry. It is the third track from her fourth studio album, "Prism" (2013). "Birthday" was released as the third single from "Prism" on April 21, 2014. The lyrics are about celebrating a partner's birthday while Perry makes sexual references. 

It was released on April 21, 2014, and the song became a moderate success. It peaked in the top ten in Canada, the top twenty in the US, and the top twenty-five in the UK. On July 27, 2015, the Recording Industry Association of America certified the song Platinum for sales and streams equal to one million copies shipped.

In one version of the music video for "Birthday", Perry dresses up as five different characters attending various birthday parties. They are Goldie (a burlesque dancer), Kriss the Clown, Yosef Shulem (a rabbi/DJ), Princess Mandee, and Ace the Animal Trainer. There is a link to this version of the music video on Katy Perry's official website. All five characters can be seen in the video.

Showtime (TV network)

Showtime is a premium cable channel to produce movies, original series, original movies, and acquired series. It was originally owned by Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment until it was bought by Viacom in 1983 and merged with The Movie Channel to form Showtime/The Movie Channel.

Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment

Warner-AmEx Satellite Entertainment was a media company is formed in New York City in 1974 as a joint venture between Time Warner and American Express to produce television networks including MTV, Nickelodeon, Showtime, and The Movie Channel. In 1983, it was sold to Viacom and Showtime and The Movie Channel merged to form Showtime/The Movie Channel and in 1985 it was sold again to Viacom and renamed MTV Networks.

The Movie Channel

The Movie Channel is a premium cable channel to produce movies, and original movies. It was originally owned by independent until it was acquired by Warner Communications in 1975 and joint venture with American Express, Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment until it was bought by Viacom in 1983 and merged with Showtime to form Showtime/The Movie Channel. In 2005, Viacom split into two companies Viacom and CBS Corporation. It headquarted in New York City.

Warner Communications

Warner Communications was an American media company. It was formed in New York City in 1972. It was created as a spin-off from Kinney National Company to produce movie studios including Warner Bros. Pictures, home video companies including Warner Home Video, television companies including Warner Bros. Television, Lorimar-Telepictures purchased in 1989, joint venture with American Express to form Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment. In 1990, Warner Communications merged with Time Inc. to form Time Warner.

Kinney National Company

Kinney National Service Inc. was a media company was formed in 1966 by the merger of Kinney Parking Company and National Cleaning Company. Produced movie studios including Warner Bros. Pictures, television companies including Warner Bros. Television. In 1972, Kinney National Company spun off its assets and renamed to Warner Communications.

Jasper Johns

Jasper Johns, Jr. (born May 15, 1930) is an American. contemporary artist. He works primarily in painting and printmaking. He is known for creating "Three Flags".

Héctor Lechuga

Héctor Lechuga (18 April 1929 – 13 July 2017) was a Mexican actor, comedian, political commentarist and radio personality. He is known for his roles in "Peluquero de señoras" (1973), "México 2000" (1983) and "Masajista de señoras" (1973).

Lechuga died on 13 July 2017 of a heart attack after suffering from Alzheimer's disease at his home in Xalapa, Veracruz at the age of 88.

Showtime Networks

Showtime Networks is a media company that began in New York City in 1983. In the beginning, it was Showtime/The Movie Channel, Inc.. This came about because of a merger among three companies: Showtime, The Movie Channel and Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment. It was originally owned by Viacom until 2005. That year, the company split into two companies; Viacom and CBS Corporation.

The network is in charge of the company's premium cable television channels, including Showtime.

Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy

Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, (often known as the Business Secretary) is a cabinet position in the United Kingdom government. The office is responsible for the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills. The post has been held by Kemi Badenoch since February 2023.

The Great Escape

The Great Escape may refer to: 


Prism (album)

Prism is the fourth studio album by American pop singer-songwriter Katy Perry. It was going to be much darker than her earlier material, though it became an upbeat, dance-inspired album. The songs "Roar" and "Birthday" are on the album. The album debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200 with first-week sales of 286,000 copies. "Prism" features the singles "Roar", "Unconditionally", "Dark Horse" featuring American rapper Juicy J, "Birthday", and "This Is How We Do". The first and third singles both reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, while the second and fourth singles became top-twenty hits in the US. All of the singles have been certified platinum or higher in the US, with "Roar" and "Dark Horse" each being certified Diamond.

John M. Coyne

John M. Coyne Sr. (November 11, 1916 – July 21, 2014) was an American politician. He served as the mayor of Brooklyn, Ohio from 1948 to 1999. He is the longest consecutive serving mayor in United States history. Coyne continued to live in the city. 

He was reportedly responsible for the country's first seat belt (in 1966) and mobile phone laws for motorists.

Coyne died in Brooklyn, Ohio from natural causes, aged 97.

Brooklyn, Ohio

Brooklyn is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States, and a suburb of Cleveland. The population was 11,359 at the 2020 census.

Steve Ditko

Stephen J. "Steve" Ditko (November 2, 1927 – June 29, 2018) was a Ukrainian American comic book artist and writer. He was best known as the artist and co-creator, with Stan Lee, of the Marvel Comics heroes Spider-Man and Doctor Strange. He was born in Johnstown, Pennsylvania.

Ditko died at his New York City apartment from a heart attack on June 29, 2018 at the age of 90.

Peggy McCay

Margaret Ann McCay (November 3, 1927 – October 7, 2018), known professionally as Peggy McCay, was an American actress. Her career began in 1949. She was best known for originating the roles of Vanessa Dale on the CBS soap opera "Love of Life" (a role she played from 1951 to 1955), and Caroline Brady on NBC's "Days of Our Lives" (a role she played from 1983 to 2016).

McCay died on October 7, 2018 at the age of 90.


Pierre Alechinsky

Pierre Alechinsky (born 19 October 1927) is a Belgian artist. He has lived and worked in France since 1951. His work is related to tachisme, abstract expressionism, and lyrical abstraction.


Mark Lane (author)

Mark Lane (February 24, 1927 – May 10, 2016) was an American attorney and former New York state legislator, civil rights activist, and Vietnam war-crimes investigator. 

Lane was born in the Bronx and raised in Brooklyn.

He was best known as a leading researcher, author, and conspiracy theorist on the assassination of US President John F. Kennedy. He wrote the 1966 number-one bestselling critique of the Warren Commission, "Rush to Judgment" to "The Last Word: My Indictment of the CIA in the Murder of JFK", published in 2011. 

Lane has written at least four major works on the JFK assassination and no fewer than ten books overall.

Lane died of a heart attack at his home in Charlottesville, Virginia on May 10, 2016 at the age of 89.


Ralph Stanley

Ralph Edmund Stanley (February 25, 1927 – June 23, 2016), also known as Dr. Ralph Stanley, was an American bluegrass artist. He was known for his unique singing and banjo playing.

On June 23, 2016, Stanley died of skin cancer in Coeburn, Virginia, aged 89.


McClure, Virginia

McClure is an unincorporated community in Dickenson County, Virginia, United States. McClure is located along the McClure River and Virginia State Route 63 southeast of Clintwood.

Dickenson County, Virginia

Dickenson County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,124. Its county seat is Clintwood.

Carl Albert

Carl Bert Albert (May 10, 1908 – February 4, 2000) was an American lawyer and a Democratic American politician from Oklahoma. He served as Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1971 to 1977.


Dennis Hastert

John Dennis "Denny" Hastert (; born January 2, 1942) is a former American politician who served as the 51st Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2007. He represented for twenty years, 1987 to 2007.

On May 28, 2015, Hastert was indicted by federal prosecutors. The legal charges against him were that he did not follow a law that says banks should report cash transactions over $10,000, and that he made false statements to the FBI about his withdrawals, in a hush money scheme designed to cover up serial child molestation that Hastert had committed when he was a high school wrestling coach. He was found guilty on April 27, 2016 and was sentenced to two years in prison.

Hastert was born on January 2, 1942, in Aurora, Illinois. He grew up in rural Illinois. He graduate from Wheaton College in 1964. His degree was in economics. In 1967 he got a masters in philosophy of education from Northern Illinois University.

After leaving government, he returned to rural Illinois. Hastert now lives in Plano, Illinois.


David Easton

David Easton (June 24, 1917 – July 19, 2014) was a Canadian-American political scientist. Easton was a Distinguished Research Professor in the Department of Political Science at the University of California, Irvine.

Easton died in Irvine, California from natural causes, aged 97.

The Corporation (professional wrestling)

The Corporation was a professional wrestling stable in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). The team was led by Mr. McMahon and then later by Shane McMahon. The Corporation had a corrupt attitude towards rebellious wrestlers. The stable lasted from November 16, 1998 until April 29, 1999. The Corporation would feud with the likes of Stone Cold Steve Austin, Mankind, D-Generation X, the Union, and the Ministry of Darkness. The Corporation would eventually merge with the Ministry of Darkness and form The Corporate Ministry. During their time in The Corporation, The Rock was a three-time WWF Champion, Shane McMahon was a one-time WWF European Champion, Big Boss Man was a one-time WWF Hardcore Champion, Ken Shamrock was a one-time WWF Intercontinental Champion, and Big Boss Man and Ken Shamrock were one-time WWF Tag Team Champions. 


Entrance themes





Iring Fetscher

Iring Fetscher (4 March 1922 – 19 July 2014) was a German academic, political scientist and researcher on Hegel and Marxism.

Fetscher was born at Marbach am Neckar. He was raised in Dresden. After World War II, he studied at Tübingen and Paris. He belatedly published his thesis "Hegels Lehre vom Menschen" in 1970.

From 1963 to 1988 Fetschler was Professor of Political Science and Social Philosophy at the Goethe University Frankfurt. He is identified with the "second generation" of the Frankfurt School, along with Jürgen Habermas and Alfred Schmidt.

In 1993, Fetscher was honored with induction into the Ordre des Palmes Académiques.

Fetscher died in Frankfurt, aged 92.

Alfred Schmidt

Alfred Schmidt (born 19 May 1931, Berlin – 28 August 2012, Frankfurt am Main) was a German philosopher.
Schmidt studied history, English and philology at the Goethe University Frankfurt and later philosophy and sociology.

Schmidt was professor of philosophy and sociology at the University of Frankfurt from 1972 and was made emeritus in 1999.

Schmidt was a member of the International PEN and an honorary member of the Schopenhauer Society.

Max Horkheimer

Max Horkheimer (February 14, 1895 – July 7, 1973) was a German-American philosopher and sociologist. He was famous for his work in critical theory as a member of the 'Frankfurt School' of social research. 
His most important writing includes "The Eclipse of Reason" (1947), "Between Philosophy and Social Science" (1930–1938) and, together with Theodor Adorno, "The Dialectic of Enlightenment" (1947). Through the Frankfurt School, Horkheimer planned, supported, and made other significant works possible.

After Hitler became Chancellor of Germany, Horkheimer, who was Jewish, left Germany and went to live in the United States.

His collected works have been issued in German as "Gesammelte Schriften", 19 volumes, edited by Alfred Schmidt and Gunzelin Schmid Noerr. S. Fischer Verlag, Frankfurt am Main 1985-1996.

Rubem Alves

Rubem Azevedo Alves (September 15, 1933 – July 19, 2014) was a Brazilian theologian, philosopher, academic, writer and psychoanalyst. Alves was one of the founders of liberation theology.

Alves was a Lutheran. 


Almaty Region

Almaty (, "Almatı oblısı", "الماتى وبلىسى"; ) is a region of Kazakhstan. Capital of this region is Taldykorgan, which has a population of 123,000. Population of the region: 1,807,894 (2009); 1,557,269 (1999).

Almaty Region is the province which surrounds the city of Almaty. The province borders Kyrgyzstan and Xinjiang (East Turkestan) autonomous province in China. The province also touches three other Kazakh provinces: Jambyl Province to the west, Karagandy Province to the northwest and East Kazakhstan Province to the north. Almaty Province has an area of 224,000 square kilometres.

Alma-Ata Province, the predecessor of today's Almaty Province, was created from the historical region of Zhetysu on March 10, 1932. Its capital was Alma-Ata (Almaty). Several times during the Soviet period, the north-eastern part of the province, centered on Taldykorgan, was separated from Alma-Ata Province, forming a separate Taldy-Kurgan Province, only to be merged into Alma-Ata Province again several years later.

In April 2001 the administrative center of Almaty Province was moved from Almaty to Taldykorgan. Thus Taldykorgan has become a provincial capital again - this time without splitting a province.

In the 1989 census (excepting Alma-Ata)
Kazakhs 54.2% 
Russians 28.6% 
Uigurs 7.8% 
Others 9.4% .

In the 1999 census (excepting Almaty)
Kazakhs 66.4% 
Russians 23.8% 
Uigurs 7.0% 
Others 4.6% .

In the 2009 census (excepting Almaty)
Kazakhs 68.2% 
Russians 22.8% 
Uigurs 6.2% 
Other 3.8%



The Walking Dead (video game)

The Walking Dead (also known as The Walking Dead: The Game and The Walking Dead: Season One) is an episodic graphic adventure video game developed and published by Telltale Games. It is published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the Vita. It is based on "The Walking Dead" comic book series by Robert Kirkman. An additional downloadable episode titled "400 Days" was released on July 2, 2013 to extend the first season as well as bridge the gap towards the second season. The 's first episode was released in December 2013.

The first season for the game consists of five episodes and they were released in two-month intervals. The episodes were released between April and November 2012. The game is available for the Android, iOS, Kindle Fire HDX, Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Vita and Xbox 360. There are versions for the Ouya, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One that are planned for 2014.

The game has won many year-end accolades, which includes Game of the Year awards from many different gaming publications. The Game of the Year Award was awarded to The Walking Dead by publishers like USA Today, Wired, Complex, GamesRadar and Official Xbox Magazine. The game also won the "Game of the Year", "Best Adapted Video Game", and "Best Downloadable Game" at the 2012 Spike Video Game Awards. Melissa Hutchison won "Best Performance By a Human Female" for her role as Clementine and Dave Fennoy was nominated for "Best Performance by a Human Male". Telltale Games was named as "Studio of the Year" also.


The Ministry of Darkness

The Ministry of Darkness was a heel professional wrestling stable in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). The team was led by The Undertaker. The stable was controversial due to their pseudo-Satanic themed storylines which included rituals and sacrifices. The stable lasted from January 1999. The Ministry of Darkness would eventually merge with The Corporation and form The Corporate Ministry. 

During their time in The Ministry of Darkness, The Undertaker was a one-time WWF Champion, The Acolytes were two-time WWF Tag Team Champions and Mideon was a one-time WWF European Champion.




Great Recession

The Great Recession (also called the Second Great Depression or Long Recession) was a global economic decline in the late 2000s decade. The effects of the economic problem are still obvious. A few countries, including Italy and Greece, are still in recession. 

The Great Recession affected world economies to different degrees. It caused more problems for some countries than others. Overall, this was the worst global recession since World War II. Southern Europe was badly affected. Some countries, including China, India, South Korea, Poland and Australia, did not have a recession during this time. 

Economic side-effects include household debt, low wages, high levels of unemployment and very limited chances of global growth as of 2014 in many countries.

The causes of the Great Recession include a bunch of weak-points that developed in the finance system. Another cause is a series of events that began with the bursting of the United States housing bubble in 2005–2012. When housing prices fell and homeowners began to abandon their mortgages, the value of mortgage-backed securities held by investment banks went down in 2007–2008. This caused many banks to collapse or be bailed out in September 2008. This 2007–2008 phase was called the subprime mortgage crisis. The combination of banks unable to provide funds to businesses, and homeowners paying down debt rather than borrowing and spending, resulted in the Great Recession. It began in the U.S. officially in December 2007 and lasted until June 2009, lasting over 19 months.

The recession was not felt the same around the world. In most of the world's big economies, particularly in North America, South America and Europe, they fell into a really bad recession. Many more recently developed economies suffered much less impact, particularly China, India and Indonesia. These economies grew a lot during this period. Similarly, Oceania didn't suffer much impact, due to it being nearby to Asian markets.

Bubbly Creek

Bubbly Creek is a nickname for the South Fork of the Chicago River's South Branch. It is the border between the Bridgeport and McKinley Park community areas of the city. The nickname for the creek comes from gases that bubbled out of the riverbed due to the decomposition of blood and entrails that were dumped in the river in the early 20th century by local meatpacking businesses that surrounded the Union Stock Yards.

Author Upton Sinclair wrote an exposé called "The Jungle", which was an unflattering portrait of the meat packing industry of America. In it, he wrote:
"""Bubbly Creek" is an arm of the Chicago River, and forms the southern boundary of the Union Stock Yards; all the drainage of the square mile of packing-houses empties into it, so that it is really a great open sewer a hundred or two feet wide. One long arm of it is blind, and the filth stays there forever and a day. The grease and chemicals that are poured into it undergo all sorts of strange transformations, which are the cause of its name; it is constantly in motion, as if huge fish were feeding in it, or great leviathans disporting themselves in its depths. Bubbles of carbonic gas will rise to the surface and burst, and make rings two or three feet wide. Here and there the grease and filth have caked solid, and the creek looks like a bed of lava; chickens walk about on it, feeding, and many times an unwary stranger has started to stroll across, and vanished temporarily. The packers used to leave the creek that way, till every now and then the surface would catch on fire and burn furiously, and the fire department would have to come and put it out. Once, however, an ingenious stranger came and started to gather this filth in scows, to make lard out of; then the packers took the cue, and got out an injunction to stop him, and afterwards gathered it themselves. The banks of "Bubbly Creek" are plastered thick with hairs, and this also the packers gather and clean.""

Lesbian feminism

Lesbian feminism is a movement and point of view that asks questions about the position of lesbians and women in society. Lesbian feminism started in the early 1970s. It started because some people were unhappy with the feminism and gay liberation movements of that time.

As far back as the 1890s, lesbianism was tied to feminism. This was most common from the 1970s to early 1980s (mostly in North America and Western Europe).

Gay liberation

Gay liberation is a movement that encourages gay people and lesbians to "come out". The movement happened mostly in the 1960s and 1970s. To come out means to publicly show one's sexual orientation to family, friends and others. The movement involved LGBT in North America, Australia, New Zealand and Western Europe.
The Stonewall riots of 1969 led up to the new movement. Gays and lesbians began to protest bad treatment. They began to "come out" because they were angry and upset. 

LGBT pride

Gay pride, or LGBT pride, is a positive stand against hatred, discrimination or violence toward lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.

Gay pride builds trust and rights. It promotes the LGBT as a group. It also honors sexual orientation of all kinds and differences in gender.

It is also a remembrance for those who lost their lives due to gay bashing, or those who were punished by the law because homosexuality was illegal. It also shows respect to those who still can't live their lives freely in countries where it is still illegal or very discriminated against.

Pride Month is celebrated every June.

Usually, events are organised. Some of these include processions, but they may also be protests against rules that are seen as too harsh.

Coming out

The term coming out means to reveal oneself as any orientation or gender. It means no longer hiding one's sexual or romantic orientation, or gender. 

The subject has been talked about as an issue of privacy. "Coming out of the closet" is said to be a psychological process, decision making or risk-taking, a means toward feeling gay pride rather than shame or stigma, or even career suicide.


SummerSlam (2003)

SummerSlam (2003) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on August 24, 2003 at the America West Arena in Phoenix, Arizona. It was the sixteenth SummerSlam event held by the WWE.


The Great American Bash (2005)

The Great American Bash (2005) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held on July 24, 2005 at the HSBC Arena in Buffalo, New York. It was the second Great American Bash event held by the WWE.


Tamaraw

The tamaraw ("Bubalus mindorensis"), also known as the Mindoro dwarf buffalo, is a small, hoofed mammal. It is found only on the island of Mindoro in the Philippines. The tamaraw was originally more widely spread. Because of human habitation, hunting, and logging, it is present in only a few remote grassy plains and is now an endangered species.

Nyala

The nyala ("Nyala angasii" or "Tragelaphus angasii"), also called inyala, is an antelope that lives in southern Africa. It has the highest sexual dimorphism among other spiral-horned antelopes.

The nyala is mainly active early in the morning and late in the afternoon. As a herbivore, the nyala eats leaves, fruits and grasses. They prefer water holes rather than open spaces. The nyala is not a territorial animal. Family groups of up to 10 individuals can be found. Old males live alone but family groups of up to ten members live in thickets within dense and dry savanna woodlands. The main predators of the nyala are lion, leopard and Cape hunting dog, while baboons and raptors hunt for the young. Mating peaks during spring and autumn.

Nyalas live in Malawi, Mozambique, South Africa, Swaziland and Zimbabwe. They have been introduced to Botswana and Namibia, and reintroduced to Swaziland, where they became extinct in the 1950s. Populations are stable and are of Least Concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). The main threats to the species are poaching and habitat loss resulting from human settlement. The males are highly demanded as game animals in Africa.

Comorbidity

In medicine the term comorbidity is used to describe diseases and conditions that often occur together with another disease or condition. The first disease or disorder is called "primary". In many cases, the primary condition or disease does not cause the comorbid disorders. However, they may both be caused or partly caused by the same thing, for example a genetic mutation or a traumatic experience. 

As an example, a patient may have antisocial personality disorder and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. The two conditions are "comorbid". Another patient might suffer from borderline personality disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder and bipolar disorder. The three conditions are "comorbid".

Robert William Fisher

Robert William "Bobby" Fisher, Sr. (born April 13, 1961) is an American fugitive. He is wanted for the murder of his wife and their two children. The murders happened on April 10, 2001 in Scottsdale, Arizona. On June 29, 2002, he was named by the FBI as the 475th fugitive on their list of Ten Most Wanted Fugitives.

Hans-Peter Kaul

Hans-Peter Kaul (25 July 1943 – 21 July 2014) was a German international law scholar and former diplomat and international judge. 

From 11 March 2003 until 1 July 2014, he served as Judge at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. 

At the ICC, Judge Kaul was President of the Pre-Trial Division from 2004 until March 2009 and again in 2014. He was also the Court's Vice-President from 2009 to 2012. 

In 2014, he resigned from the ICC for health reasons but his condition became worse. Kaul died on 22 July 2014, aged 70.

Dan Borislow

Daniel M. Borislow (September 21, 1961 – July 21, 2014) was an American entrepreneur, philanthropist, sports team owner, inventor, and thoroughbred horse breeder. He was known for creating the magicJack. It is a small product which can be plugged into a computer's USB port and allows for unlimited calling from regular telephones.

Borislow died on July 21, 2014 from a heart attack, reportedly after playing in a pick-up soccer match, aged 52.


John Blundell (economist)

John Blundell (9 October 1952 – 22 July 2014) was a British economist. He was the Director General and Ralph Harris Fellow at the Institute of Economic Affairs. Blundell had been involved in the creation and development of many free-market think tanks. Many people thank Blundell for creating the Thatcher revolution.

Blundell died on 22 July 2014 at the age of 61.


Sikkimese language

Sikkimese (འབྲས་ལྗོངས་སྐད་) is a Tibetic languages spoken by the Sikkimese people in Sikkim, India, and northeast Nepal. The Sikkimese people call their language Dranjongke meaning ""Rice Valley language"" and they call their homeland Denzong meaning ""Rice Valley"". Other names for the language are "Bhotia, Dranjoke", "Denjongka", "Denzongpeke", and "Denzongke."

Luri language

Luri language is a language spoken in the Lorestan Province of southwest Iran.

Lurs

Lurs (also Lors, Luri/Persian:لُر) are an Iranian ethnic group who speak the Luri language and live mainly in the mountainous regions of southwestern Iran. Their population is estimated at nine million.

Dora Bryan

Dora May Broadbent OBE, better known as Dora Bryan (7 February 1923 – 23 July 2014) was an English actress of stage, movie and television. She was known for her roles in "A Taste of Honey" and in "Last of the Summer Wine".

She died on 23 July 2014 at the age of 91.


Louis Lentin

Louis Lentin (11 December 1933 – 23 July 2014) was an Irish theatre, movie and television director. He was born in Limerick, Ireland in 1933. He worked for over forty years in the arts in Ireland. He graduated from Trinity College, Dublin in 1956 with a Bachelor of Arts.

He founded Art Theatre Productions in 1959 and was responsible for the first Irish productions of Krapp's Last Tape and Endgame. RTÉ head of drama Hilton Edwards asked him to work in RTÉ. Lentin was a member of Aosdána.

Lentin was also involved in founding Israeli television.

He died aged 80 on 23 July 2014.

Saado Ali Warsame

Saado Ali Warsame (, ; 1950 – 23 July 2014) was a Somali singer-songwriter and politician. She served as a member of the Federal Parliament of Somalia from August 2012 until her assassination.

On 23 July 2014, Warsame and her driver were shot to death by unknown assailants in Mogadishu as she was driving to the hotel. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack.

June Whitfield

Dame June Rosemary Whitfield (11 November 1925 – 28 December 2018) was an English actress. She starred with Terry Scott in "Happy Ever After" and "Terry and June" as June. She played the mother in "Absolutely Fabulous". She played a character in "The Green Green Grass".

In December 2017, Whitfield revealed that she was living in a care home. She died on 28 December 2018, aged 93.

Jane Freeman

Jane Freeman (born 15 March 1921) is a Welsh actress. She is best known for her role as Ivy on British television series "Last of the Summer Wine".

Hearts in Armor

Hearts in Armor is the second studio album by country singer Trisha Yearwood. The album was released on September 1, 1992.

Nicholas Smith (actor)

Nicholas Smith (5 March 1934 – 6 December 2015) was an English actor. He was best known for playing the bald and jug-eared manager, Mr Rumbold, in the BBC sitcom "Are You Being Served?". Smith is the last surviving member of the original cast of "Are You Being Served?".

Eva Luna (telenovela)

Eva Luna is a 2010 telenovela produced by Venevisión International with Univision Studios. It starred Blanca Soto, Guy Ecker, and Jorge Lavat as the main protagonists, and Julian Gil and Susana Dosamantes as the main antagonists. 

It is a remake of Telemundo's 1997 telenovela "". Univision aired "Eva Luna" weeknights at 8pm/7pm central from November 1, 2010 to April 11, 2011, and a TV-14 rating was applied for all episodes. Mexico's Canal de las Estrellas aired "Eva Luna" from September 19, 2011 to January 6, 2012.

Blanca Soto

Blanca Delfina Soto Benavides (born January 5, 1979 in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico) is a Mexican actress, model, and former beauty queen. She is known for her leading role in "Eva Luna".

Guy Ecker

Guy Frederick Ecker (born February 9, 1959) is an American - Brazilian actor better known for his work in telenovelas. He is known for his roles in "Café, con aroma de mujer" and in "Eva Luna".


Al Hilal SFC

Al-Hilal Saudi Football Club (; "The Crescent"), also known simply as Al-Hilal, is a Saudi Arabian football team from Riyadh. With 55 total titles, they are the most successful club in the country.











Al-Ittihad Club (Jeddah)

Al-Ittihad Football Club (), also known as Al-Ittihad, is a Saudi Premier League football club from Jeddah. Al-Ittihad has won eight League titles and 46 official championships.






Julian Gil

Imanol Julián Elías Gil Beltrán (born June 13, 1970 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine-born American actor, model, and entertainer. He is known for his role in "Eva Luna".


Pohang Steelers

FC Pohang Steelers is a South Korean professional football club from Pohang, Gyeongsangbuk-do. They are the most successful team in Asia with three AFC Champions League titles.












Union City, Tennessee

Union City is a city in and the county seat of Obion County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 11,170 at the 2020 census.

Ariano Suassuna

Ariano Suassuna (; June 16, 1927 – July 23, 2014) was a Brazilian playwright and author. He is in the "Movimento Armorial". He founded the Student Theater at Federal University of Pernambuco.

Suassuna died from cardiac arrest in Recife, Pernambuco, Brazil, aged 87.


Cineplex Entertainment

Cineplex Inc. () is one of Canada’s largest entertainment companies. It was incorporated in July 1977. It operates manyr businesses including movie theatres, foodservices, gaming, alternative programming (Front Row Centre Events), Cineplex Media, Cineplex Digital Solutions and the online sale of home entertainment content. It sells the latter through CineplexStore.com and on application software embedded in various electronic devices. Cineplex is also a joint venture partner in Scene+ with Scotiabank – Canada’s largest entertainment loyalty program.

Through its operating subsidiary Cineplex Entertainment LP, Cineplex operates 161 theatres with 1,635 screens in all 10 Canadian provinces. They have approximately 71 million guests annually. This is through the following theatre brands: Cineplex Odeon, SilverCity, Famous Players, Galaxy Cinemas, Scotiabank Theatres, Cineplex Cinemas and Cineplex VIP Cinemas. Cineplex also owns and operates the UltraAVX, Poptopia, and Outtakes brands.

Enderlin, North Dakota

Enderlin is a city in Cass and Ransom counties in the State of North Dakota. The population was 881 at the 2020 census. Enderlin was founded in 1891.

Ingemar Odlander

Hertur Roland Ingemar Odlander (29 February 1936 – 19 July 2014) was a Swedish journalist. He worked for SVT news on its news programmes "Aktuellt" and "Rapport". Between 1975 and 1978, Odlander was the first ever Swedish foreign news reported stationed in Nairobi, Kenya. From 1978 and until his death in 2014, Odlander was married to Christina Jutterström.

Christina Jutterström

Christina Jutterström (born 27 March 1940) is a Swedish journalist. She is the former chief editor for "Dagens Nyheter" between 1982 and 1995 and for "Expressen" between 1995 and 1996.

In 2001, Jutterström became the CEO post at public broadcaster Sveriges Television. She held the position until Eva Hamilton took over on 5 November 5, 2006. Jutterström was married to Ingemar Odlander from 1978 until his death in 2014.

Klaus Schmidt (archaeologist)

Klaus Schmidt (December 11, 1953 – July 20, 2014) was a German archaeology professor. He led the excavations at Göbekli Tepe from 1996 to 2014.

Schmidt was born in Feuchtwangen. He studied Prehistory and Early History and Classical Archaeology and Geology at the University of Heidelberg and the University of Erlangen.

He died in Ueckeritz on July 20, 2014, of a heart attack.

Interstate Highway System

The Interstate Highway System is a system of freeways in the United States. It was first designed by Dwight D. Eisenhower in the 1950s. The Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956 was used to pay for construction. It was mostly built from the 1950s through the 1980s, but more freeways were built later. It is now about 47,000 miles long. Some interstates have tolls, but most do not. Most interstates have rest areas every few dozen miles.

To be an Interstate Highway, there cannot be any stoplights. To get on or off the freeway, an interchange is needed. The speed limit is usually at least 55 miles per hour. It must have at least two lanes going each way. The lanes must be at least 12 feet wide. There has to be a median or barrier between cars going different directions.

North-south interstates have odd numbers. The numbers go up from west to east. East-west interstates have even numbers. The numbers go up from south to north. One and two digit freeways go long distances. Three digit freeways go into or around cities. Freeways that go into cites are called spur routes and start with an odd number. Freeways that go around cities are called loop routes and start with an even number. The last two digits in a spur or a loop route are the same as the freeway it started from.


List of auxiliary Interstate Highways

This is a list of auxiliary Interstate Highways. These are interstate highways with three digits.


TransAsia Airways Flight 222

TransAsia Airways Flight 222 (GE222/TNA222) was a scheduled domestic flight from Kaohsiung International Airport to Magong Airport on 23 July 2014. It had 54 passengers and 4 crew members on board. It crashed at Magong, Penghu Island when it was trying to land. 49 people died in the crash. It tried a go-around after it failed to land on its first try. It crashed at Huxi and caused a fire involving two homes. Typhoon Matmo also passed through Taiwan and caused a heavy thunderstorm and rain. 

MATE (software)

MATE is a desktop environment for Linux. It is based on an older version of the desktop environment GNOME, called GNOME 2. Many people in the Linux community did not like the way GNOME 3 (or GNOME Shell) looked, and wanted GNOME 2. This called for someone to fork from part of an existing program) of GNOME based on GNOME 2. An Arch Linux user created MATE, it is named after a South American plant called Yerba Mate and the tea made from the plant, "mate."

MATE comes with programs that are forked from GNOME's classic programs, and they have not changed much from when they were in GNOME. Some of them were made from scratch, not based on a GNOME program. The forked programs were named in Spanish, like MATE itself.


Fecal Matter (band)

Fecal Matter was a short lived punk rock band from Aberdeen, Washington. The band was made in 1985 by Kurt Cobain, the future lead guitarist of the band Nirvana, and Dale Crover. The band made a demo tape named "Illiteracy Will Prevail". That demo tape was unofficially released in 1985.
The new group Fecal Matter formed in April 2022 for concert 7 years named TMR7, three members of: Gabriel Grigore, Luca Raicu & Ionuț Palade until March 2023 is fired & before started for 2nd leg on May until November 2023 joining at past members of Trupa Muzicii Rock: Cristian Dima, Florin David & Vlad Bușilă & 3rd leg on February until May 2024.

1984-1986
_

2022-present

Touring musicians


 (2022-2024)
TMR7 Live Tour (2024)
UEFA Euro 1980

The UEFA Euro 1980 was the 6th UEFA European Football Championship tournament. Its formal name was the 1980 UEFA European Football Championship. It was held from 11 June to 22 June. All the European football teams could compete. The defending champion was Czechoslovakia. The tournament was hosted in Italy. 8 teams qualified for the final group stage. The winner of the tournament was Germany after defeating Belgium.

<br>



UEFA Euro 1976

The UEFA Euro 1976 was the 5th UEFA European Football Championship tournament. Its formal name was the 1976 UEFA European Football Championship. It was held from 16 June to 20 June. All the European football teams could compete. The defending champion was Czechoslovakia. The tournament was hosted in Yugoslavia. 4 teams qualified for the final group stage. The winner of the tournament was Czechoslovakia after defeating West Germany.

<br>



2005 FIFA Confederations Cup

The 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup was the 7th FIFA Confederations Cup tournament. It took place in Germany from 15 June to 29 June. Brazil won the tournament after defeating Argentina. The host, Germany, got third place.



1995 King Fahd Cup

The 1995 FIFA Confederations Cup was the 2th King Fahd Cup tournament. It took place in Saudi Arabia from 6 January to 13 January. Denmark won the tournament after defeating Argentina. Mexico got third place.

Shkodran Mustafi

Shkodran Mustafi (born April 17, 1992 in Bad Hersfeld) is a German association football defender (football) of Albanian descent. He plays for Valencia in Spain and for the Germany national football team. He made two appearances in the 2014 FIFA World Cup, which his team won.

Bossa Nova Baby

Bossa Nova Baby is a rock n roll song written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller. on 22 January 1963 it was recorded by Elvis Presley. The album that included the song was Fun in Acapulco.

The song reached #8 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. In 1963 it hit #20 on the Billboard R&B Singles chart.

Sandstone, Minnesota

Sandstone is a town in Pine County, Minnesota, United States, along the Kettle River. The population was 2,462 at the 2020 census.

Club Universidad Nacional

Club de Fútbol Universidad Nacional A. C., commonly known as Pumas de la UNAM, or just Pumas, is a Mexican football club from Mexico City.











Arsenal de Sarandí

Arsenal Fútbol Club (), usually referred as Arsenal de Sarandí , is an Argentine sports club from Sarandí, Avellaneda Partido, Greater Buenos Aires. It is best known for its football team. They won their first Primera División championship in 2012 and the Copa Sudamericana in 2007.

They are also known for having a similar name to the famous English Premier League team Arsenal F.C


Valvatida

Valvatida is an order of sea star in the class Asteroidea. That class contains 695 species in 172 genera in 17 families.

Norman Leyden

Norman Fowler Leyden (October 17, 1917 – July 23, 2014) was an American conductor, composer, arranger, and clarinetist. 

He worked in movie and television. He was perhaps best known as the conductor of the Oregon Symphony Pops orchestra. He co-wrote with Glenn Miller the theme "I Sustain the Wings" in 1943, which was used to introduce the World War II radio series.

Leyden died on July 23, 2014, of an unspecified cause.

Percy Bland

Bland was born in Crystal Springs, Mississippi on September 23, 1970. He grew up in Jackson, Mississippi. He attended St. Joseph High School. He earned a B.S. in Chemistry at Xavier University of New Orleans. He played collegiate basketball. Bland earned a Master’s of Public Health (MPH) degree at the University of Southern Mississippi.

Bland went to work for the Fulton County Health Department in Atlanta, Georgia. There he was an epidemiologist in the Tuberculosis Control Department. Bland met his wife Deidre in Atlanta. They married on August 15, 1999. Deidre Bland is a teacher at Ross Collins in the Meridian Public School District. Bland returned to Mississippi and became the Human Resources Director and Marketing Director with the G.A. Carmichael Family Health Center. Bland moved to Meridian to run a State Farm Insurance Agency.

In 2007, Bland was co-chair to pass a bond issue for the first major renovations and improvements to Meridian’s public schools in more than 20 years. The bond issue was for $19.5 million. The bond issue passed on March 27, 2007 with 71.3%.
Bland also helped establish the Magnolia Youth Sports Association. He still runs his own Summer Basketball Camp. Bland helped establish the First Tee Golf Program in Meridian, the first in the state, a golf program aimed at improving the quality of life of primarily inner-city children.

On June 4, 2013, Bland won the election for mayor of Meridian by 54% of the vote. Before he took office, he formed a team from the community to study five issues and make recommendations about how to move improve those areas in Meridian. The areas are education, community development, public safety, infrastructure and city partnerships. Bland was sworn in as the first African-American mayor of the city of Meridian on July 1, 2013.

During his first Meridian City Council meeting as mayor, on July 2, 2014, Bland proposed his livable wage policy. He proposed a $9 an hour minimum salary for all city employees. That was to be funded by money saved through cuts to other areas of the municipal budget. Bland's livable wage proposal became city policy when the city council passed the municipal budget on September 17, 2013.

Bland and several local businesses began recognizing an outstanding teacher or staff member from two MPSD schools a month during the 2013-14 school year. Improvements to public safety were made to the newly annexed part of Meridian. A new warning siren was put at the fire station in that area. Meridian youth sports were brought together through one program in the Meridian Parks and Recreation Department. The program brought in more mentors, more coaches, and more churches as partners for the City of Meridian to work with youth through athletics. In May 2014, the City of Meridian pledged $750,000 to help build a new community center.

In May 2014, the City of Meridian launched a series of new programs to help fight crime in the city. These included a new gang task force, a new team of Meridian police officers and citizens to help with tips on crime, and penalizing parents when their children do not comply with the Mississippi Compulsory School Attendance Law.

John Demjanjuk

John Demjanjuk (born Ivan Mykolaiovych Demianiuk; ; 3 April 1920 – 17 March 2012) was a Ukrainian-American auto worker, a former soldier in the Soviet Red Army, and a POW during the Second World War.

Demjanjuk was born in Ukraine. During World War II was drafted into the Soviet Red Army, where he was captured as a German prisoner of war.

Although he was a survivor of the notorious Nazi concentration camps system, he was convicted in 2011 in Germany for alleged war crimes as an accessory to the murder of 27,900 Jews while acting as a guard named Ivan Demjanjuk at the Nazi extermination camp near Sobibór in occupied Poland. Since his conviction was pending appeal at the time of his death, Demjanjuk remains innocent under German law, and his earlier conviction is invalidated. According to the Munich state court, Demjanjuk does not have a criminal record.

In 1952 he emigrated from West Germany to the United States, and was granted citizenship in 1958 whereupon he formally anglicized his name from "Ivan" to "John".

In 1986 he was deported to Israel to stand trial for war crimes, after being identified by eleven Holocaust survivors, many from Israel, as "Ivan the Terrible", a notorious guard at the Treblinka extermination camp in Nazi occupied Poland. Demjanjuk was accused of committing murder and acts of extraordinarily savage violence against camp prisoners during 1942–43. He was convicted of having committed crimes against humanity and sentenced to death there in 1988.

The verdict was overturned by the Israeli Supreme Court in 1993, based on new evidence that "Ivan the Terrible" was probably another man, Ivan Marchenko. After the trial, in September 1993, he returned to his home in Ohio. In 1998 his citizenship was restored after a United States federal appeals court ruled that prosecutors had suppressed exculpatory evidence concerning his identity.

In 2001 Demjanjuk was charged again, this time on the grounds that he had, instead, served as a guard named Ivan Demjanjuk at the Sobibor and Majdanek camps in Nazi occupied Poland and at the Flossenbürg camp in Germany. Demjanjuk became again a stateless person in 2002 (until his death in 2012). His deportation was again ordered in 2005, but after exhausting his appeals in 2008 he still remained in the United States, as no country would agree to accept him at that time.

On 2 April 2009, it was announced that Demjanjuk would be deported to Germany, where he would stand trial, since in a bid to disassociate from the nation's past, Germany began the policy of prosecuting prisoners of war from other nations whom the German Nazis made the accessories to their crimes. On 11 May, Demjanjuk left his Cleveland home by ambulance, and was taken to the airport, where he was deported by plane, arriving in Germany the next morning. On 13 July, he was formally charged with 27,900 counts of acting as an accessory to murder, one for each person who died at Sobibor during the time he was alleged to have served as a guard. On 30 November, Demjanjuk's trial began in Munich.

On 12 May 2011, Demjanjuk was convicted pending appeal by an ordinary German criminal court as an accessory to the murder of 27,900 Jews at Sobibor and sentenced to five years in prison. The interim conviction was later annulled, because Demjanjuk died before his appeal could be heard. He was later released pending trial and final verdict by the German Appellate Court.

He lived at a German nursing home in Bad Feilnbach, where he died on 17 March 2012. Despite decades of legal wrangling and controversy, Demjanjuk died a free man and legally innocent.



Yoo Chae-yeong

Yoo Chae-yeong (; September 22, 1973 – July 24, 2014) was a South Korean singer, actress, and radio host. Yoo was known for her roles in "Sex is Zero", "Marrying a Billionaire", and in "First Love of a Royal Prince".

Yoo was diagnosed with cancer in October 2013. She died on July 24, 2014 of gastric cancer at the age of 40.

UEFA Euro 1968

The UEFA Euro 1968 was the 3rd UEFA European Football Championship tournament. Its formal name was the 1968 UEFA European Football Championship. It was held from 5 June to 10 June. All the European football teams could compete. The defending champion was Spain. The tournament was hosted in Italy. 4 teams qualified for the final group stage. The winner of the tournament was Italy after defeating Yugoslavia.

<br>


The Osmonds

The Osmonds are an American family singing group. They have had a long and varied career. They sung barbershop music as children, got success as teen-music idols, produced a hit television show. They have continued as solo and group performers.

The Osmonds are Mormons: devout members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Their religious values have influenced their careers. The Osmonds children are (from the oldest to the youngest), Virl, Tom, Alan, Wayne, Merrill, Jay, Donny, Marie, and Jimmy Osmond. 

Virl and Tom (who are twins born in 1945) were born nearly completely deaf. The two took up tap-dancing to perform in the group to make up for the fact that they could not sing. Tom eventually did perform as a full-time member of the Osmonds, however, Virl did not and Virl is the only non-performing Osmond child.

Donny and Marie Osmond once hosted a show in the 1970s called Donny and Marie. Donny is a former judge on dancing with the stars.

Wayne Osmond is a Cancer activist. Wayne suffered from a Brain tumour during the 1990s and 2000s.

Bill Bailey's Birdwatching Bonanza

Bill Bailey's Birdwatching Bonanza is a British television game show. It is produced by Fever Media and Glass Box. It is broadcast on Sky1. The fist episode aired on 8 January 2010. The final episode aired on 12 February 2010. The show is presented by Bill Bailey. He gives two teams birdwatching challenges over a three-day period. The two teams are captained by Alex Zane and Jeff Green.

The colour of the backgrounds shows the result of the show:

Arch Linux

Arch Linux (usually just called Arch) is a Linux-based operating system for 64-bit computers. It mostly has free software included with it, and supports community involvement.

Arch Linux focuses on elegance, code correctness, minimalism, and simplicity, and to use it, the user needs to have a motive to learn about it. A package manager made only for Arch Linux named "pacman" can be used to install, remove and update packages of software on the computer.

Arch Linux was inspired by CRUX, another minimalist Linux distribution.

Originally, Arch Linux was only for 32-bit x86 systems, but 64-bit was supported in April 2006. In January 2017, 32-bit support was discontinued, but a derivative by the community called Arch Linux 32 has been produced for 32-bit systems.

Unlike other Linux distributions like Ubuntu, Arch Linux's installation requires the user to enter commands manually. This can be scary for beginners, but the wiki suggests that new users can still install Arch Linux by investing time and effort.

Pacman is the official package manager of Arch Linux. It was written in the C programming language by Judd Vinet. The package manager handles all the packages on the system, and does installation, removal, upgrades, and more.

As a rolling release system, Arch Linux's repositories are being constantly updated.

The Arch Build System is a system that automatically makes packages from a PKGBUILD file. The makepkg tool can convert these files into packages which are recognized by pacman, downloading all the source code specified and compiling it.

The Arch User Repository is a repository for PKGBUILD scripts made by users. This allows users to install packages otherwise not in the official repositories.

Złoty

The Polish złoty is the currency of Poland. The word "złoty" means "gold".







There are złoty coins of:


Stockton, California

Stockton is a city in northern California. It is located on the San Joaquin River in the northern San Joaquin Valley. In 2020, it had a population of 320,804. Stockton is the 11th largest city in California and the 62nd largest city in the United States.

In 2012, the city went bankrupt. The city was no longer bankrupt in February 2015.

Timeline of world map changes

The world map has changed a lot throughout history. This page lists some of the changes.


























Władysław Sidorowicz

Władysław Sidorowicz (17 September 1945 in Wilno — 24 July 2014 in Wrocław) was a Polish senator, representing Civic Platform. 

He was a member of the Polish Solidarity trade union where he was the director of its Regional Coordinating Commission for Health Service Workers. During the martial law in Poland he was arrested and interned. He participated in the Round Table talks. He was a Minister of Health (January 1991 – December 1991).

Dale Schlueter

Dale Wayne Schlueter (November 12, 1945 – July 24, 2014) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Tacoma, Washington.

Schlueter played in the National Basketball Association from 1968 to 1978 as a member of the San Francisco Warriors, Portland Trail Blazers, Philadelphia 76ers, Atlanta Hawks, Buffalo Braves, and Phoenix Suns. He averaged 5.3 points and 5.2 rebounds over his career. He died of cancer on July 24, 2014.

Bel Kaufman

Bella "Bel" Kaufman (May 10, 1911 - July 25, 2014) was an American teacher and author of Jewish-Ukrainian descent. She was best known for writing the 1965 bestselling novel "Up the Down Staircase".

Kaufman was born in Berlin, Germany to Jewish-Russian parents. She was raised in Odessa and Kiev, Ukraine.

Kaufman died at home in New York City on July 25, 2014, aged 103.

Barry Levinson

Barry Levinson (born April 6, 1942) is an American screenwriter, Academy Award winning movie director, actor, and producer of movie and television. His most famous movies are "Diner", "The Natural", "Good Morning, Vietnam", "Rain Man", "Bugsy", and "Wag the Dog".


Kelly Preston

Kelly Preston (born Kelly Kamalelehua Smith; October 13, 1962 – July 12, 2020) was an American actress and former model. She was known for her roles in "Mischief", "Twins" and "Jerry Maguire". She married John Travolta in 1991. 

Preston died of breast cancer on July 12, 2020 at her home in Clearwater, Florida, at aged 57.


Verizon Fios

Verizon FiOS is a bundled internet access, telephone, and television service that works over a fiber-optic network. It is offered in some areas of the United States by Verizon Communications and Frontier Communications.

Hrabove, Donetsk Oblast

Hrabove (; , "Grabovo") is a village in Shakhtarsk Raion (district) in Donetsk Oblast of eastern Ukraine.

According to the 2001 census, 1,000 people were living there.

On 17 July 2014, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was shot down and crashed into a field near Hrabove. All 298 people on board died. The flight was meant to go from Amsterdam, Netherlands to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.


Khin Yu May

Khin Yu May (, ; 23 March 1937 - 23 January 2014) was a Burmese actress. She was a two-time Myanmar Academy Award winning actress and singer. She was known for her roles in "A-Thet", "I Bawa We", and in "Equal Love".

May died on 23 January 2014 at the age of 77 in Yangon, Burma.

Dwight Gustafson

Dwight Leonard Gustafson (April 20, 1930 – January 28, 2014) was an American composer and conductor. He was the dean of the School of Fine Arts at Bob Jones University. Gustafson was born in Seattle, Washington. 

Gustafson died of complications from liver disease in Greenville, South Carolina on January 28, 2014, aged 83.


Barbara Knudson

Barbara Ann Knudson Henry (December 4, 1927 – May 11, 2014) was an American movie and television actress with more than forty professional credits, including starring roles in "Meet Danny Wilson" in 1952, "The Cry Baby Killer" in 1958, and "The Jayhawkers!" in 1959.

Knudson died from natural causes at her home in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 86.

Harald Hove

Harald Hove (10 January 1949 - 21 July 2014) was a Norwegian jurist and politician. He was for the Liberal Party.

Hove was born in Bergen, Norway.

He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Hordaland during the terms 1997–2001 and 2001–2005. From 1997 to 2000 he was a regular representative, covering for Lars Sponheim who was appointed to the first cabinet Bondevik.

Outside of politics, he graduated as cand.jur. from the University of Bergen in 1976. He worked at the university as an associate professor from 1976 to 1988 and lecturer from 1993 to 1997. He also worked as a lawyer.

Hove died in Oslo, Norway from a heart attack, aged 65.

Super Mario Bros. (movie)

Super Mario Bros. is a 1993 American science fiction fantasy movie. It was produced by Jake Eberts and Roland Joffé. The movie was directed by Rocky Morton and Annabel Jankel. Super Mario Bros. was released on May 28, 1993. The movie is a loose live-action version of the 1985 Nintendo video game of the same name. The movie stars Bob Hoskins as Mario, John Leguizamo as Luigi, Dennis Hopper as King Koopa, and Samantha Mathis as Princess Daisy.

The movie was received with mainly negative reviews from critics and holds a 24% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Both Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert gave the movie two thumbs down on their television program Siskel & Ebert At the Movies. They also put the movie on their list for one of the worst films of 1993. It only made $20,915,465 of its $48 million budget.


‏‎
Rusty Cage

"Rusty Cage" is the third single off American rock band Soundgarden's third studio album "Badmotorfinger". The song was released in 1992.

Lead singer Chris Cornell wrote the lyrics of the song. Lead guitarist Kim Thayil said of the song: 
The tuning on that song was pretty nutty. It's recorded with a wah wah in the low position used as a filter. That was the first time we did anything like that. It was Chris's idea; he wanted to get that weird tone that you can't really dial in on an amp. But if you use the wah wah as a filter, it gets an incredibly weird sound. And if you listen to that riff, especially if you've heard the original demos of it, it almost sounds backward.

A popular cover version of the song was done by Johnny Cash, who included it on his 1996 album, "Unchained". The album won a Grammy Award for Best Country Album and Cash's version of Rusty Cage earned him a nomination for Best Male Country Vocal Performance in 1998.


Room a Thousand Years Wide

"Room a Thousand Years Wide" is the first single off American rock band Soundgarden's third studio album "Badmotorfinger". The song was released on September 1, 1990.

The song is one of the few songs written that did not have any input from frontman Chris Cornell. The lyrics for the song were written by guitarist Kim Thayil and the music was written by drummer Matt Cameron.

Lead guitarist Kim Thayil said of the song: 
I really liked the music to the song and it needed words, and since no one else pursued it, I decided to. It's not really about things that have actually happened to me. It's more about experience in general. I've heard a lot of good ideas from people telling me what it's about. They said it's about God, Satan, Jesus, Satan, both, it's religious, it isn't religious...The truth is, it's just me.


Oleh Babayev

Oleh Meydanovych Babayev (; 21 October 1965 – 26 July 2014) was a Ukrainian politician and businessman. He was the Mayor of Kremenchuk, Poltava Oblast from 2010 until his death. He was also the owner of two football teams in Poltava Oblast.

Babayev was born in Kursk, Kursk Oblast which was then part of the Russian SFSR in the Soviet Union. He was of Azerbaijani ancestry.

Babayev was shot dead on 26 July 2014 outside his home in Kremenchuk, aged 48. He had three shotgun wounds.


WrestleMania XV

WrestleMania XV was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on March 28, 1999 at the First Union Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the fifteenth WrestleMania event held by the WWF.


Panna Rittikrai

Panna Rittikrai () (born Krittiya Lardphanna ; 17 February 1961 – 20 July 2014) was a Thai martial arts action choreographer, comedian, movie director, screenwriter and actor. He was the leader of the Muay Thai Stunt team (formerly P. P .N. Stunt Team). His best known movies were "The Bodyguard" (2004), "Born to Fight" (2004), "Ong Bak 2" (2008), "Ong Bak 3" (2010) and "Bangkok Knockout" (2010).

Rittikrai was born in Khon Kaen. He was diagnosed with a brain tumor shortly before his death.

Rittikrai died from kidney and liver failure on 20 July 2014 in Bangkok. He was 53.

480i

480i is a shorthand name of a video mode, to be specific, either US NTSC television system or digital television systems with the same characteristics. The number 480 means there are 480 lines that contain picture information, while the NTSC actually has a total of 525 lines, only 483 of them are used to display the image for DV-NTSC.

The digitally transmitted horizontal resolution is often 720 samples (including 16 samples for both horizontal sync and horizontal blanking) or 704 visible pixels that has an aspect ratio of 4:3 (with vertically rectangular pixels) which means a display resolution of 640 × 480 (VGA); that is standard-definition television (shortened as SDTV) with a 4:3 aspect ratio (with square pixels).

Evolution of colour vision

The evolution of color vision causes light to be seen according to its wavelength. This has obvious advantages, especially it helps animals find food.

The color vision of many herbivores allows them to see fruit or (immature) leaves which are good to eat. In hummingbirds, particular flowers are often recognized by color. Predators also use color vision to help them find their prey.

All this applies mainly to animals in the daytime. On the other hand, nocturnal mammals have much less-developed color vision. For them, space on the retina is better used with more rods since rods collect light better. Color differences are much less visible in the dark.

Apart from vertebrates, the only land animals to have color vision are arthropods. So insects and spiders have quite good color vision. Aquatic arthropods such as crustacea also have color vision. As with vertebrates, the details differ, but the molecules which do the work the opsins – are very similar.

Four photopigment opsins exist in teleost fish, reptiles and birds. This suggests that the common ancestor of tetrapods and amniotes (~360 million years ago) had full color vision:

In contrast, mammals lost much of their color vision capability during the long period in the Mesozoic when they lived as nocturnal animals. 

Many primates do live as daytime animals, and one group – the Old World monkeys – has trichromatic vision. The anthropoid apes and humans are descended from this group of monkeys, and also have good color vision. So it comes about that most monkeys and humans have good color vision, but most other eutherian mammals do not: they have only two opsins, and so they are "bichromatic". 

This has many consequences. For example, most deer cannot see red or orange. Thus they do not see the orange color of tigers. But monkeys do, because primates have one more opsin than other mammals. A film by David Attenborough illustrates this well.

Ultraviolet light plays a part in color perception in many animals, especially insects.

Color vision, with UV discrimination, is present in many arthropods—the only terrestrial animals besides the vertebrates to have this trait.

Birds, turtles, lizards, many fish and some rodents have UV receptors in their retinas. These animals can see the UV patterns found on flowers and other wildlife that are invisible to the human eye.

Staffan Hellstrand

Staffan Hellstrand, "Mats Eric Staffan Hellstrand", born 13 May 1956 in Stockholm, Sweden is a Swedish singer, rock musician (guitar, harmonica, keyboard), songwriter and record producer. He has scored record successes at the Swedish charts during the 1990's.



Gustav Adolf Church

Gustav Adolf Church may refer to:




Gustav Adolf Church, Liverpool

The Gustav Adolf Church () or the Scandinavian Seamen's Church () is located in Park Lane, Liverpool, Merseyside, England. It consists of a church, built between 1883-1884, and an attached minister's house, and provides a centre for the Liverpool International Nordic Community. The combined church and minister's house is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.

Fury of the Storm

"Fury of the Storm" was a song by the English power metal band DragonForce. The song was the second song in the album "Sonic Firestorm". The song was the band's second single. It was released in 2004. It is one of DragonForce's most popular songs. It is in the video game "". 

Maximum Overload

Maximum Overload is a 2014 album by the English power metal band DragonForce. It was released on 18 August 2014. This was the sixth studio album from the band.



Idde Schultz

Idde Schultz, "Eva Ann-Ida Schultz", born 1 September 1963 in Stockholm, Sweden is a Swedish female singer and guitarist. She's a member in the band Docenterna and former member of Lars Winnerbäck's band Hovet. She's sister to Irma Schultz Keller. She has scored record successes at the Swedish charts during the mid-late 1990's and the 2000's.

Idde Schultz is music teacher at Fryshusets gymnasium.








Irma Schultz Keller

Irma Schultz Keller (born 1 October 1965) is a Swedish actress and pop singer who has appeared in many movies and television series in Sweden. She has acted in American productions such as the horror movie "The Resurrection of Michael Myers Part 2" and the miniseries "Xerxes". She was examninated from the Swedish National Academy of Mime and Acting in 1999.






Titti Sjöblom

Titti Sjöblom, born 29 August 1949 in Stockholm, is a Swedish female singer. She is the daughter of Alice Babs.

She participated at Melodifestivalen 1974 with the song "Fröken Ur-sång", ending up at the fourth place. Her first dinner shows and folk park tours occurred Charlie Norman and Lennie Norman during the mid-1970s.


Sara Wedlund

Sara Christina Wedlund (27 December 1975 in Vällingby, Sweden – 11 June 2021) was a Swedish long distance and cross-country runner. She scored successes in the mid 1990's as one of most successful Swedish participaters at the time. She participated at the 1995 World Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden and also participated at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, USA. She was awarded the Victoria Scholarship in 1996.

Wedlund died on 11 June 2021, at the age of 45.

GES

GES (Glenmark, Eriksson, Strömstedt) is a pop music trio from Sweden, consisting of singers and songwriters Anders Glenmark, Thomas "Orup" Eriksson and Niklas Strömstedt, whose last names begin with the letters that form the trio's name. The group has had several successes on the Swedish charts.



Allsvenskan (men's handball)

Allsvenskan is the Swedish second division in men's team handball. Earlier, the name was used by the top division. The league is organized by the Swedish Handball Federation.

Allsvenskan (women's handball)

Allsvenskan is the Swedish second division in women's team handball. Earlier, the name was used by the top division. The league is organized by the Swedish Handball Federation.

Mats Bergmans

Mats Bergmans is a dansband from Nyköping, Sweden, established in 1973 as "Sjösa kustband", before a naming dispute made them change name to "Sjösagrabbarna". The band became a full-time band in 1981, and changed name to Mats Bergmans in 1987.







Date (band)

 
Date is a modern dansband from Sweden. The band was established in 1993.

The band has participated at Melodifestivalen.






Tommys

Tommys is a dansband from Vaasa. It was established in 1980. Hans Martin was the singer from establishment until the year 2000. During the 1980s the band mostly played throughout Ostrobothnia, and Swedish-speaking parts of southern Finland. The band's breakthrough in Sweden came with the 1991 hit song "Vår dotter".




Gunnar Wiklund

Gunnar Wiklund, born 17 August 1935 in Luleå, Sweden, dead 29 September 1989 in Lysekil, Sweden, was a Swedish singer. He scored several Svensktoppen hits. He participated at Melodifestivalen four times.



Lily Berglund

Lily Berglund (Kvarnsveden, 21 July 1928 - Stockholm, 15 August 2010) was a Swedish singer. She was married to Kapellmeister Göte Wilhelmson.




Ulla Billquist

Ulla Billquist, born Schönström (Eslöv, 14 August 1907 – Stockholm, 6 July 1946) as Ulla Ebba Ingegerd Hahn, was a Swedish female schlager singer. She was mostly successful during the early 1940s.


Carli Tornehave

Carli Tornehave, born 26 August 1932 in Stockholm, is a Swedish singer and actor.

He has participated at Melodifestivalen six times; in 1962, her performed "Anneli" and "När min vän", in 1963, he performed "Twist till menuett" and "En gång i Stockholm". The song "En gång i Stockholm" won the contest, but Monica Zetterlund was appointed to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest in London. In 1966, he performed "Monte Carlo" and "Härliga söndag" ending on third and eighth place.



Nick Borgen

Nils Thore "Nick" Borgen (born 5 January 1952 in Andenes, Nordland) is a Norwegian–Swedish musician, singer and writer (debut novel: "Den okända soldaten", 2009). He's famous for songs like "We Are All the Winners" and "Den glider in". Between 1990 and 2005, he had an own dansband, Nick Borgens orkester.

Jigs

Jigs is a dansband, founded in 1966 in Trollhättan, Sweden. The band scored many hits in 1970s. Some of the popular songs include "Hallå du gamle indian", "Bli min gäst", "Dardanella", "Let's Twist Again" and "From a Jack to a King". Their album series was named "Goa bitar". When the band played at Cortina in Vinberg on 16 July 1976, AC/DC appeared as a pause act.



Candela (band)

Candela is a dansband from Vejbystrand in Sweden, established in 1984










Sannex

Sannex is a dansband from Sweden. They participated at "Dansbandskampen" in 2009.








Ingmar Nordströms

Ingmar Nordströms was a dansband from Växjö, Sweden that was established in 1955 by Ingmar Nordström. Their first appearance occurred in the Eringsboda folkpark. Their last appearance occurred in Växjö on 19 December 1991. In 1987, the band won a Grammis award in the "Dansband of the Year" category.


Majid Nizami

Majid Nizami () (April 3, 1928 - July 26, 2014), was a Pakistani chief editor and publisher. He worked for Nawa-i-Waqt Group of Publications of Pakistan. Nawa-i-Waqt was founded by Majid's brother, Hameed Nizami. He was also the chairman of Nazaria-i-Pakistan Trust.

Nizami died in Lahore, Pakistan from heart disease, aged 86.

Curt Haagers

Curt Haagers was a dansband from Sweden.





Schytts

Schytts is a dansband, established in 1962 as "Public Killers" before changing their name the upcoming year. Their major breakthrough came in 1973, with the song Aj, aj, aj.





Wahlströms

Wahlströms was a dansband from Vadstena, Sweden, established in 1985.

In 1999, the band participated in the "Dansbandslåten" contest with the song "Blå blå ögon".

On 27 September 2011, it was announced that the band was to be disestablished following the last appearance at Brunnsparken in Örebro on 14 January 2012.

Wahlströms participated at Dansbandskampen in 2008.






Grönwalls

Grönwalls was a dansband from Hässleholm in Sweden. The band won the Swedish dansband championships in Sunne in August 1992. Famous hit songs include "Du ringde från Flen" from 1993 and "Ett liv tillsammans", written by Calle Kindbom and Peo Pettersson, topping Svensktoppen in 1995, as well as "Regn i mitt hjärta" from 1996.

Several band members also participated in the side project "Grönrock", which in mid 2008 played with Dan Hylander. In October 2008, the band announced a break from New Year 2008-2009.

In November–December 2009, the band announced its comeback.







Jannez

Jannez is a dansband from Laxsjö, Sweden, established in 1976 as "Stars orkester".

In September 1996, the band scored a Svensktoppen hit for two weeks with the song "De blindas café".

Jannez participated at Dansbandskampen 2008, performing Paul Paljett's 1977 song "Guenerina".




Victoria Award

The Victoria Award (), earlier called the Victoria Scholarship () is awarded to a Swedish athlete or pair of athletes every year since 1979. It is awarded on Öland, on 14 July. That day is the birthday of Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden.


Mona Gustafsson

Mona Gustafsson (born 9 August 1956 in Halmstad, Sweden) is a Swedish singer, songwriter, and guitarist.

Earlier she used to sing with Leif Bloms. The band was disestablished on 31 December 1995 and she established another dansband in 1996. It was named and disestablished in January 2009. She then started a country music career instead. She was nominated as "Female Singer of the Year 2006" by SR P4, and in the Får jag lov magazines Guldklaven voting.

As a 15 years old girl, Mona Gustafsson started to sing with the Lill-Nickes dansband from Halmstad, which was established on 1 May 1972. Other members were her father, Kurt Gustafsson, 44 years old, Sven-Arne Olofsson, 21 years old, and Kapellmeister Dan Larsson, 17 years old. Their first appearance occurred in Värnamo on 14 June 1972. Mona began her career during a talent show at Halmstad Folkets hus in the spring of 1970.

Some years later, she was a founder of another dansband Curt Jürgens.

In the early 1980s, she moved to Växjö, and in 1981, she started touring with Leif Bloms, and when the three Leif, Gert and Åke Blom retired on 31 December 1995, she started her own dansband in 1996.

As a songwriter, she has composed music for both herself and others. One of her most famous songs are "Dej ska jag älska all min tid". It won Hänts meloditävling, in 1992 with Leif Bloms. This was the first and only in the history of the competition when the winning song was written and performed by the same person. The competition was later cancelled. She has also written songs for acts like Thorleifs, Curt Haagers, Kikki Danielsson and Sandins. The song "Så länge mina ögon ser", originally recorded by Thorleifs on the 1987 album "Till Folkets park", was recorded by Mona G:s orkester and released as a solo single in 2007. Several of her songs have been covered by others.

So called "Mona songs" are recognized by calm, ballad-like, songs with lyrics in Swedish about love, longing and missing someone. Writing own songs within your a larger scale is rare within the dansband genre.

She observed her 50th anniversary as an artist in the spring of 2020. But the anniversary ended up cancelled because of the Corona Pandemic.



CC &amp; Lee

CC & Lee is a band from Sweden, established in 2003. Their major breakthrough was Dansbandskampen 2008. In November 2011, it was announced that the band would no longer appear as a dansband.





Ronald Reagan Park, Gdańsk

The Ronald Reagan Park () is located in the neighborhood of Przymorze Wielkie, Gdańsk, Poland.

It was built between 2003 and 2006 out of formerly barren lands. It covers 40 hectares. It honors US President Ronald Reagan, who was considered for playing a major role in the fall of Communism in Poland. It also honors Pope John Paul II.

Titanix

Titanix is a dansband, established in 1979 in Valdemarsvik, Sweden. The band appeared at the fianls of the Swedish dansband championships in 1997 and 2001, before finishing up at the second place during Dansbandskampen 2009. During their 2009 Dansbandskampen appearance, it was mentioned that the band was not named after the boat RMS Titanic that sank in 1912, but rather an ice hockey stick.







Black Jack (band)

Black Jack is a dansband from Sundsvall in Sweden, established in 1991 and based on the dansband depicted in the 1990 film "Black Jack". Their most famous hit song is "Inget stoppar oss nu". Throughout the years, the band has scored several Svensktoppen hits, being most successful with "Om det känns rätt" in 1996.

The band was founded by Tony Ljungström, who also appeared in the film, and Torbjörn Eriksson (former Kapellmeister).

The band has played at TV shows like "Bingolotto", "Go'kväll", "Jeopardy" and "Mat-Tina". They have also appeared in a Europolitan commercial.





Ole Ivars

Ole Ivars is a dansband, established 1964 in Hamar, Norway. Their 1967 breakthrough came with the song "Regnets rytme". Tore Halvorsen and William Kristoffersen are singers in the band, and William Kristoffersen also acts as a songwriter. Ole Ivars has won the Spellemannprisen awards several times, and in 2004, NRK labeled them as "Norway's dansband of all times". The band has received several cultural awards, and played in church buildings and concert halls throughout Norway

In 2007 the band had their first gold record, in Sweden, there they are mostly famous for the Kikki Danielsson duets "Jag trodde änglarna fanns" and "I mitt hjärta brinner lågan".

With the song "Som i himmelen", the band participated at Melodi Grand Prix 2008, making it to the final, where the song was knocked out in the first round.





Björn Skifs

Björn Nils Olof Skifs (born 20 April 1947 in Vansbro, Sweden) is a Swedish singer, songwriter, actor, and screenwriter.





Archibald Wilson

Archibald Oliver Garfield "Archie" Wilson (May 1921 – 4 July 2013) was a Rhodesian fighter pilot and politician. He served in the Royal Air Force during World War II. He later became a senior commander and then air marshal in the Rhodesian Air Force in the 1960s and early 1970s.

Wilson was born in Bulawayo (now Zimbabwe). He was of British ancestry. He was married to Lorna. In the early 1980s, he moved to Australia with his wife. They first lived on the Gold Coast in Queensland. He became a citizen in 1988.

Wilson died from natural causes on 4 July 2014 in Pinjarra Hills, Brisbane, aged 93.


Roland Verhavert

Roland Verhavert (1 May 1927 – 26 July 2014) was a Belgian movie director. He directed 44 movies between 1955 and 1993. His best known movies were "Seagulls Die in the Harbour" (1955), "The Conscript" (1974) and "Rubens" (1977). "Seagulls Die in the Harbour" was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival. "The Conscript" was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival. 

Verhavert was born in Melsele. He retired in 1993.

Verhavert died from a heart attack on 26 July 2014, aged 87.

Anopheles

Anopheles is a genus of mosquito. 

There about 460 species, and over 100 can transmit human malaria. Only 30–40 commonly transmit parasites of the genus "Plasmodium", which causes human malaria in endemic areas. "Anopheles gambiae" is one of the best known, because it transmits the most dangerous malarial parasite species (to humans) – "Plasmodium falciparum".

Some species of "Anopheles" are vectors for canine heartworm "Dirofilaria immitis", filariasis, and viruses such as one that causes O'nyong'nyong fever. Brain tumors sometimes occur in malaria sufferers, which suggests that "Anopheles" might transmit a virus or other agent which could cause a brain tumor.

Mosquitoes in other genera ("Aedes", "Culex", "Culiseta", "Haemagogus" and "Ochlerotatus") can also be vectors of disease agents, but not malaria.


November to Remember

November to Remember (usually abbreviated to N2R) was a professional wrestling event that was produced by Eastern Championship Wrestling and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). ECW began making it a pay-per-view starting in 1997. It ran from 1993 to 2000.

November to Remember 1993 took place on November 13, 1993 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the only November to Remember event that was produced by Eastern Championship Wrestling.

November to Remember 1994 took place on November 5, 1994 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the first November to Remember event that was produced under the Extreme Championship Wrestling name.

November to Remember 1995 took place on November 18, 1995 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the second November to Remember event that ECW produced.

November to Remember 1996 took place on November 16, 1996 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the third November to Remember event that ECW produced.

November to Remember 1997 took place on November 30, 1997 at the Golden Dome in Monaca, Pennsylvania. It was the fourth November to Remember event that ECW produced. It was the first November to Remember event to be shown on pay-per-view.

November to Remember 1998 took place on November 1, 1998 at the Lakefront Arena in New Orleans, Louisiana. It was the fifth November to Remember event that ECW produced.

November to Remember 1999 took place on November 7, 1999 at the Burt Flickinger Center in Buffalo, New York. It was the sixth November to Remember event that ECW produced.

November to Remember 2000 took place on November 5, 2000 at the Odeum Expo Center in Villa Park, Illinois. It was the seventh and final November to Remember event that ECW produced.

Fork (software development)

In software engineering, a project fork happens when a copy of source code from one software package is made into a different piece of software. Forking is not only creating a new branch from the old software, but also a split in support between the old and new software. Free and open-source software is code that may be forked from the original development team without prior permission. This does not violate copyright law. However, licensed forks of proprietary software ("e.g." Unix) also happen.

Edmonton Rush

The Edmonton Rush was a professional box lacrosse team in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It was part of the West Division of National Lacrosse League (NLL). The team started playing in the NLL in 2005. They played their home games in Rexall Place.

It had a rivalry with the Calgary Roughnecks, another NLL team in Alberta. The rivalry was part of the sports Battle of Alberta.

On July 20, 2015, it was announced that the team was relocating to Saskatoon, Saskatchewan to become the Saskatchewan Rush for the 2016 season.

Vancouver Warriors

The Vancouver Warriors is a professional box lacrosse team. It plays in the West Division of the National Lacrosse League (NLL). It is based in Vancouver, British Columbia. The team plays its home games in Rogers Arena. The team was announced on June 27, 2013. They started playing in the 2014 season.

The team was previously known as the Albany Attack from the 2000 season until the 2003 season. Later they played as the San Jose Stealth from the 2004 season until the 2009 season. They were the Washington Stealth from the 2010 season until the 2013 season.

On September 21, 2018, the team was renamed the Vancouver Warriors and were given a black and gold theme.


Langley, British Columbia (district municipality)

The Township of Langley is a district municipality immediately east of the city of Surrey in southwestern British Columbia, Canada. It is south of the Fraser River and west of Abbotsford. It is part of Metro Vancouver.

It was started in 1827 as Fort Langley as a trading post. The Fraser Canyon Gold Rush in 1858 brought more settlers into the area. The Township of Langley was incorporated on April 26, 1873.

Neighborhoods within Langley include Aldergrove, Brookswood, Fernridge, Fort Langley, Milner, Murrayville, Willoughby, and Walnut Grove.

Trinity Western University and a Kwantlen Polytechnic University campus are located in Langley.

The Vancouver Giants of the Western Hockey League (WHL) and the Vancouver Bandits of the Canadian Elite Basketball League (CEBL) both play at the Langley Events Centre. Vancouver FC of the Canadian Premier League (CPL) play in Willoughby at Willoughby Community Park Stadium.


Metro Vancouver

Metro Vancouver is a regional district in British Columbia, Canada. It was created in 1966. For 40 years it was called "The Greater Vancouver Regional District", but now it is called "Metro Vancouver".

The regional district includes 22 municipalities, one electoral area and one treaty First Nation. The district covers 2,877.36 square kilometres (1,111 square miles). Metro Vancouver administers several services common to the local government units, such as utilities.

About half of households in Metro Vancouver live in strata-titled properties.

This regional district comprises 23 local authorities as members: 21 municipalities, one electoral area and one treaty First Nation.

United Church of Canada

The United Church of Canada is the largest Protestant Christian denomination in Canada, and the second largest Canadian Christian denomination after the Roman Catholic Church. It was started in 1925 when four Canadian churches decided to merge: the Methodist Church of Canada, the Congregational Union of Ontario and Quebec, two-thirds of the congregations of the Presbyterian Church in Canada, and the Association of Local Union Churches. In 1968, the Canadian branch of the Evangelical United Brethren Church decided to join the United Church of Canada.

Presbyterian Church in Canada

The Presbyterian Church in Canada is a Protestant Christian denomination in Canada. Presbyterian churches in Canada were started in the late 16th century by Scottish and French Huguenots immigrants. These churches became orgainized into four denominations in the early 1800s. The four denominations merged in 1875 as the Presbyterian Church in Canada. It became one of the largets Protestant denominations in English-speaking Canada by the early 20th century. In 1925, 70% of the Presbyterian congregations merged into the United Church of Canada. The Presbyterians who did not join in the union continued using the name Presbyterian Church in Canada.


Canadian Conference of Mennonite Brethren Churches

The Canadian Conference of Mennonite Brethren Churches is a Protestant Christian denomination in Canada. It connects 250 Mennonite congregations across the country.

Xherdan Shaqiri

Xherdan Shaqiri (born 10 October 1991), is a Swiss association football player of Yugoslavian and Albanian descent who plays for Liverpool FC and the Switzerland national football team. He has also played for FC Basel. Since he first started playing football, he has been known for his fast speed on and off the ball.

The FIFA website describes Shaqiri as "unpredictable on the ball, adept with both feet, clinical in front of goal and [possessing] excellent vision". He has been nicknamed the "Alpine Messi" and "magic dwarf".

In the 2014 FIFA World Cup, he was one of the top scorers with 3 goals after scoring a hat-trick against Honduras.

ProtonMail

Proton Mail is an email service founded in 2013. Proton Mail can encrypt users' emails, making them impossible to read to anyone without an encryption password. Proton Mail exists partly in response to news about surveillance done by the National Security Agency.
Proton Mail is run in Switzerland, where the United States does not have legal jurisdiction. They have run a successful campaign to raise money from donations.


Julian Draxler

Julian Draxler (born 20 September 1993) is a German association football attacking midfielder. He plays for the Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain F.C. and the Germany national football team.

He made his first national appearance in a loss against Switzerland. He scored his first national goal against the United States on 2 June 2013. He also made his first FIFA World Cup appearance in 2014, when he came on as a substitute in Germany's 7–1 victory against Brazil. Since 2011, Draxler has made more than 100 appearances for Schalke 04.

In January 2014, he was named by "The Guardian" as one of the ten most promising young players in Europe.

Dravidian peoples

The Dravidian peoples are a people who speak Dravidian languages.

According to scientists and historians, the Dravidian people are descendants of "Neolithic West Asian farmers from Iran" which conquered and largely displaced the outnumbered native hunter gatherers of India. Dravidians are linked to the neolithic Zagros Mountain farmers, and this West Asian population forms the main ancestor of modern South Asians.

A genetic and biogeographical study (Das et al. 2016) concluded that Dravidian peoples belong to the Caucasoid race. According to the study, these proto-Dravidians migrated into India around 8,000 years ago from a region later known as Elam in modern day Iran. The authors suggest that this results support the Elamo-Dravidian hypothesis.

The Indus Valley civilization is suggested to be of Dravidian origin. Genetic tests show that the ancient Indus Valley Civilization was predominantly of neolithic Zagros mountain farmers ancestry (98%) and this ancestry component is linked to early Dravidians.

Today there are around 220 million Dravidian speakers worldwide. Most live in South India. Others live in parts of Central India, Eastern India, Bangladesh, Southern Pakistan, Sri Lanka the Maldives and Nepal. The biggest groups of Dravidians are the Tamil people, Telugu people, Kannada people, and the Malayali people. Smaller Dravidian communities with 1–5 million speakers are the Tulu people, Gondi people and Brahui people in Pakistan and Afghanistan.

Mountain gazelle

The mountain gazelle ("Gazella gazella") is a species of gazelle. It lives in Israel, the West Bank in Palestine, the Golan Heights in northern Israel, and Turkey It lives in mountains, foothills, and coastal plains. It is the National animal of Palestine.

Mountain gazelles are one of the few mammals, where the male and female have horns. Males have bigger horns with rings around them. Females also have horns, but they are thinner and shorter. Mountain gazelles are sexually dimorphic, which means that males are larger than females. Male can weigh from 17-29.5 kg. Females can weigh 16–25 kg. Mountain gazelles can run up to 80 km/h (50 mph).

Gazelles have adapted to live in dry, desert-like places. They spend most of their time at the top of mountains and hills. Mountain gazelles prefer to sleep on the tops of hills/mountains to avoid the heat in the day. Around dawn and dusk, they will be found leaving the hills to eat in light forests, fields, or desert plateaus.

It is a grazing species, though this varies with the amount of food available. They can survive for a long time without a source of water. During that time, they get freshwater from succulent plants and dew from plants.

Charles R. Larson

Charles Robert Larson (November 20, 1936 – July 26, 2014) was an American four-star Admiral of the United States Navy. 

A 1958 graduate of the United States Naval Academy, Larson twice served as Superintendent of the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. He also served as Commander in Chief, United States Pacific Command (CINCPAC).

Larson died in his home in Annapolis, Maryland, after a two-year battle with leukemia at the age of 77.


Paul Schell

Paul Schell (Paul Schlachtenhaufen; October 8, 1937 – July 27, 2014) was an American politician. He served as the 50th Mayor of Seattle, Washington. He served as mayor from 1998 to 2002.

Schell died at the Swedish Medical Center in Seattle, Washington. 

Dark Horse (song)

"Dark Horse" is a song by American singer Katy Perry from her fourth studio album, "Prism". The song features American rapper Juicy J. "Dark Horse" was originally released as a promotional single from "Prism". After its unexpected success, it was released as the album's third single on December 17, 2013. "Dark Horse" became Perry's ninth number-one single in the United States. It was also number one in Canada. The song reached number four in the United Kingdom.

On the year-end charts, "Dark Horse" was the second-best performing song of 2014 in the US. It was number 6 in Canada at the end of the year. In the UK, it was number 20 on the end-of-year chart.

"Dark Horse" was certified Diamond (10× Platinum) in the United States for sales and streams equal to 10 million copies sold. It was nominated for the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance award at the 57th Grammy Awards.

The song is a hip hop and trap song. It is three minutes and thirty-five seconds long.

The music video shows Perry and Juicy J in an Egyptian setting. Katy Perry is shown as an Egyptian queen. She appears to zap any man who doesn't please her. She changes costumes many times in the video.

On August 24, 2014, the video won Best Female Video at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards.

Unconditionally

"Unconditionally" is a song by American pop singer-songwriter Katy Perry. It was the second single from her fourth studio album, "Prism", and it appears as the fifth track from that album. The song is a pop rock and power pop song. It is about a woman not wanting anything more from her lover than he already gives. She will love him no matter what.

The video shows Katy Perry dressed as a geisha.

The Summit League

The Summit League is a NCAA conference that plays in NCAA Division I. The member universities and colleges are in the Midwestern United States, plus one member in Colorado. Their headquarters are in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, having moved from the Chicago suburb of Elmhurst, Illinois in 2018.

The league once sponsored football, but dropped the sport after the 1984 season. Five Summit League members have football teams; four play in the Missouri Valley Football Conference and one in the Pioneer Football League.

The Summit League was founded in 1982 as the Association of Mid-Continent Universities (AMCU or AMCU-8) with eight members. The only one of these schools that is still a member is Western Illinois. In 1989, the AMCU changed its name to the Mid-Continent Conference, or MCC (those initials, however, were also being used by the Midwestern Collegiate Conference, now the Horizon League).

The Mid-Continent saw many changes in the first part of the 1990s, with the biggest coming in 1992 and 1994. In 1992, the conference added women's sports after it absorbed the North Star Conference, a league that only sponsored women's sports. Then in 1994, six schools (including three charter members) left for the Midwestern Collegiate Conference. They were replaced by six other schools, five of them coming from the collapsed East Coast Conference. None of the schools that joined in 1994 are now in the league.

Since the 1994 changes, the conference has had anywhere from 8 to 10 members. It changed its name to The Summit League in 2007.

The Summit League now has nine full members. The most recent change in membership took place in 2023, when the conference's last remaining charter member, Western Illinois University, left for the Ohio Valley Conference. Another recent change took place in 2021, when the University of St. Thomas, located in the Minneapolis–Saint Paul area, joined the conference to start an unprecedented move from NCAA Division III directly to Division I.

The Summit League has seven "associate" members—schools that play in a few sports, usually but not always one. Three of these schools play three sports in the conference, and three more house one sport in the conference. (Note that the NCAA counts men's and women's teams in the same sport as playing two different sports, and also considers swimming and diving to be a single sport.)

Western Illinois left the Summit League in 2023, but kept its men's soccer team in that conference for the fall 2023 season. That team will join the rest of the university's sports in the Ohio Valley Conference in 2024.

No fewer than 23 schools have been full members, but are no longer in the league.

Soccer kick

A soccer kick, also known as a soccer ball kick, is a kick that is close to kicks used in association football. It is the term for a kick performed against a kneeling, rising or on the ground opponent by a fighter who is in a standing or semi-standing position, mostly to the head of the opponent on the ground. The soccer kick was used in the first match of the Ultimate Fighting Championship at UFC 1 in 1993. Gerard Gordeau used a soccer kick to win the match against Teila Tuli. The soccer kick also knocked out some of Tuli's teeth.

Jeanne d'Albret

Jeanne d'Albret (7 January 1528 – 9 June 1572), also known as Jeanne III d'Albret or Joan III, was the queen regnant of the Kingdom of Navarre from 1555 to 1572.

Her second marriage to Antoine de Bourbon, Duke of Vendôme, produced her son, Henry of Bourbon. Henry became King Henry III of Navarre and King Henry IV of France, the first Bourbon king of France. She became the Duchess of Vendôme by that marriage.

Jeanne was the acknowledged spiritual and political leader of the French Huguenot movement, and a key figure in the French Wars of Religion.

As a girl, she had a remarkably strong character. Her parents wanted her to marry William "the Rich", Duke of Jülich-Cleves-Berg. He was the brother of Anne of Cleves, the fourth wife of Henry VIII of England. She was 12 or 13 at the time, quite normal then for a girl's marriage.

She refused, and her mother had her whipped. The whipping was extremely severe, but the girl continued to resist the marriage. Finally, she was carried bodily to the altar by the Constable of France, and married against her will.

Evidently she still continued her resistance, because the marriage was eventually annulled on the grounds of non-consummation.

Her second marriage was also a political marriage. Its intent was to unify territory in the south and north of France. However, this time there was love involved. A contemporary wrote "she had no pleasure or occupation except in talking about or writing to [her husband]. She does it in company and in private . . . the waters cannot quench the flame of her love".

The couple had five children, two of whom survived to adult life.

On 25 May 1555, Henry II of Navarre died, at which time Jeanne and her husband became joint rulers of Navarre. Jeanne and Antoine were crowned in a joint ceremony according to the rites of the Roman Catholic Church on 18 August 1555 at Pau.

Jeanne's husband died on 17 November 1562, so for the last ten years of her life she was the sole ruler of Navarre.

During Jeanne's life, religion in France was a battleground between the Catholic church and the Protestant Calvinism of the Huguenots.

In religion Jeanne was influenced by her mother, towards religious reform, humanist thinking, and individual liberty. Jeanne converted to Calvinism on Christmas Day 1560. This conversion made her the highest-ranking Protestant in France.

Following the imposition of Calvinism in her kingdom, priests and nuns were banished, Catholic churches destroyed, and Catholic ritual prohibited. She commissioned the translation of the New Testament into Basque and Béarnese for the benefit of her subjects.

She was described as "small of stature, frail but erect". She was highly intelligent, but austere and self-righteous. Agrippa d' Aubigné, the Huguenot chronicler, described Jeanne as having "a mind powerful enough to guide the highest affairs".

In addition to her religious reforms, Jeanne worked on reorganising her kingdom; making long-lasting reforms to the economic and judicial systems of her domains.

Jeanne died in Paris from a fever (probably an infectious disease) at the age of 44.

Tertiary source

A tertiary source (also called thirdhand) is an index or a summary of primary and secondary sources. In research, tertiary sources are used as a guide to help find primary and secondary sources of information. Tertiary sources are very useful to find search terms for online literary searches. While tertiary sources are easy to find they are usually not considered useful for college-level research projects.

Some examples of tertiary sources are encyclopedias, dictionaries, newspapers and Magazines. Encyclopedias are useful to gain a general overview of a subject. At best they are a starting point in doing research. They are useful to gain an immediate understanding of otherwise unfamiliar subjects. Encyclopedias, however, are not usually a reliable source for the details of a subject. As your research progresses they should be replaced with secondary or primary sources. Newspapers and magazines should be used with some caution. Some are reliable but many tend to misrepresent or oversimplify research reported in secondary sources. 

The distinction between sources can be relative to a specific field of study. In some academic disciplines the distinction between a secondary and tertiary source can sometimes be confusing. Almanacs, fact books and handbooks can at times be considered tertiary while at other times secondary sources. Some manuals and textbooks would be considered tertiary sources while others would be secondary sources. Many of these sources have to be evaluated or vetted to determine which they are. Another view taken by the Purdue University guide ("Writing a research paper", 2010) refers to the "distance" a source is from the original research. A primary source "is" the research; the raw data. A secondary source reports on primary sources and includes interpretation (or explanations), analysis and commentary. A tertiary source is the furthest from the original research. In most cases their purpose is to provide a general introduction to a topic. In many scholarly fields, tertiary sources are not used for research.


Potato blight

Potato blight is the so-called "fungal" disease which destroyed the Irish potatoes in 1845. Because there are other blights of potatoes, this one is sometimes called late blight of potato.

The infestation caused widespread famine. It was caused by an oomycete "Phytophthora infestans". The oomycetes or water moulds have many features which are similar to fungi, but they are in a different Kingdom.

"Phytophthora infestans" in Ireland caused over one million to starve to death and another two million people emigrated from affected countries. During the 1840s the blight damaged crops in Scotland and Europe also. It was the only important cash crop in Ireland, which explains its greater effect there. Also, most of the Irish crop was one variety, the Irish Lumper.

The first recorded instances of the disease were in the United States, in Philadelphia and New York City in early 1843. It crossed the Atlantic Ocean with a shipment of seed potatoes for Belgian farmers in 1845. All of the potato-growing countries in Europe were affected, but the potato blight hit Ireland the hardest. The lack of genetic variability created a susceptible host population for the organism.

Genetic engineering for resistant cultivars is developing. A resistance gene effective against most known strains of blight has been found in a wild relative of the potato. It is introduced by genetic engineering into cultivated varieties of potato.

'Splosion Man

Splosion Man (originally Explosion Man) is a 2009 platform videogame developed by Beard, Inc and Twisted Pixel Games for the Xbox 360 arcade system.

In 2011 a sequel was released: Ms.Splosion Man, equally for Xbox 360 Arcade System.

The game tells the story of 'Splosion Man, being able to explode, who must defeat three difficult bosses.

Compendium

A compendium (plural: compendia) is a collection of information on a particular topic. The amount of information is usually short but detailed. A compendium will often summarize a larger work, putting it into fewer words. It is usually not intended to be read from beginning to end. Instead a compendium is used to look up facts. It is very often called a 

The word compendium comes from the Latin word "compenso". It means "to weigh together or balance". The Internet has large numbers of compendia in the form of databases. Searching a database make it very easy to find facts and information. This is causing concern that print compendia (in the form of books) may eventually go away.

One example would be the "Compendium of the Catechism of the Catholic Church". It is organized into 598 questions and answers which summarize the teachings of the Catholic Faith.

The Bible is another example of a compendium. It is a group of many books put together to form the Old Testament and the New Testament.

Bartlett's Familiar Quotations is a compendium of wise sayings by famous people.



Bonnie McKee

Bonnie Leigh McKee (born January 20, 1984) is an American actress and a singer-songwriter. Her first studio album, "Trouble", was released in 2004. She released the lead single "American Girl" from her yet untitled second album in 2013.

McKee has worked on albums and songs released by Katy Perry. She has also written for Avril Lavigne, Kesha and Miranda Cosgrove.

McKee was born in Vacaville, California

Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Sony Pictures Home Entertainment (abbreviated as SPHE) is the home video distribution division of Sony Pictures Entertainment. It is a subsidiary of Japanese conglomerate Sony Corporation.

The company is responsible for the distribution of the Sony Pictures library for home entertainment. It mainly releases from the Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group which consists of Columbia Pictures, TriStar Pictures, Sony Pictures Classics, and Screen Gems. It also releases productions from Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions (Triumph Films, Destination Films, Stage 6 Films and Affirm Films). 

SPHE also releases and distributes products from Revolution Studios and The Criterion Collection. Since June 20, 2007, SPHE has handled distribution of children's content formerly handled by Sony BMG's Sony Wonder label.

CBS/Fox Video

CBS Video Enterprises, referred to as CBS Video a home video company was formed in 1975 by the Columbia Broadcasting System. Its CBS shows, Cinema Center Films and CBS Theatrical Films movies, CBS Music Video releases on videocassette and laserdisc. In 1979, it teamed up with MGM to form MGM/CBS Home Video to create MGM films and shorts on videocassette and laserdisc. In 1982, United Artists was acquired by MGM and renamed to MGM/UA Home Video and merged with 20th Century Fox Video to form CBS/Fox Video. In 1990, it was reverted to CBS Video and in 1991, it was renamed to Fox Video, alternating with CBS/Fox name until 1998. In 1999, CBS created CBS DVD for DVD releases of CBS shows and films. In 2009, CBS Video and CBS DVD changed its name to CBS Home Entertainment to create new releases of shows and films on DVD and Blu-ray.

The CBS/Fox Company, or CBS/Fox Video was formed in 1982 when CBS formed a 50-50 venture with 20th Century Fox. In 1985 CBS/Fox got the North American rights to most of the film library of the British Broadcasting Corporation. In 1990 they had 6.5% of the market for home videos. Their revenues were about $249 million. CBS and 20th Century Fox also changed their roles in CBS/Fox. In 1998 CBS/Fox Video became a part of 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment.

Playhouse Video was a sub-label of CBS/Fox Video. A series of Mr. Rogers programs was released under the Playhouse label beginning in 1986.

On August 20, 2021, it announced that ViacomCBS and Fox Corporation has relaunched CBS/Fox Video in 2022. 

20th Century Fox Home Entertainment

20th Century Studios Home Entertainment was established in 1976 as Magnetic Video Corporation. It was also known as 20th Century Fox Video, CBS/Fox Video and FoxVideo, Inc.. The company is best known for distributing the two highest-grossing movies of all time, "Titanic" and "Avatar". CBS/Fox became Fox Video in 1991. It still used the CBS/Fox name until 1998. It was renamed as 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment in 1995. It also used the Fox Video name until 1999.

Magnetic Video Corporation was an American home video/audio duplication service established in 1968 by Andre Blay and based in Farmington Hills, Michigan, was the first company to release theatrical motion pictures to home video for consumers in 1976. In 1979, Fox purchased Magnetic Video from Blay, reincorporating it as "20th Century Fox Video" in 1982. It is currently known as "20th Century Fox Home Entertainment". 

Third sex

The terms third gender and third sex mean people who are seen as neither man nor woman. It can also mean the social category in societies who recognize three or more genders. The term "third" is usually understood to mean "other".


MGM Home Entertainment

MGM Home Entertainment is a home entertainment company formed in 1998 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was the successor to MGM/UA Home Video. MGM Home Entertainment released MGM and UA movies, and TV shows on VHS, later laserdisc and DVD. 

In 2005, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment started a distribution deal with MGM Home Entertainment. The following year, Sony ended the deal and MGM signed a new distribution deal with 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment. As a result, MGM Home Entertainment became a separate entity from Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.

Bacon Deluxe

The Bacon Deluxe is a burger sandwich made by Wendy's restaurants. It is topped with four strips of smoked bacon. The double burger order has two beef patties, four strips of bacon, American cheese, ketchup and mayo. While the triple burger order has three beef patties, topped with four strips of bacon, American cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion and dill pickle with ketchup and mayo. The Bacon Deluxe was launched with an widespread media campaign and was priced at $3.99 for a single, $4.99 for a double and $5.99 for a triple. It is being launched alongside another Wendy's bacon sandwich: the Baconator.


Margot Adler

Margot Adler (April 16, 1946 – July 28, 2014) was an American author, journalist, lecturer, Wiccan priestess and radio journalist. She was a New York correspondent for National Public Radio (NPR).

Adler died from endometrial cancer in her New York City home, aged 68.

Barbara Seaman

Barbara Seaman (born Barbara Ann Rosner; September 11, 1935 – February 27, 2008) was an American author, activist, and journalist. She was a principal founder of the women's health feminism movement.

Seaman died from lung cancer in Manhattan, New York, aged 73.

Sarah Jacobson

Sarah Jacobson (August 25, 1971, Norwalk, Connecticut – February 13, 2004 New York City) was an American independent filmmaker who wrote, produced, and filmed her own movies. She was known for her work "Mary Jane's Not a Virgin Anymore".

Jacobson died from endometrial cancer in New York City, aged 32.

Robert Frederick Froehlke

Robert Frederick Froehlke (October 15, 1922 – February 12, 2016) was an American businessman, lawyer, and politician. He served as Secretary of the Army from July 1971 until May 1973.

Martin Richard Hoffmann

Martin Richard Hoffmann (April 20, 1932 – July 14, 2014) was an American politician. He served as the United States Secretary of the Army between 1975 and 1977.

Martin was born in Stockbridge, Massachusetts on April 20, 1932.

Hoffmann served as general counsel of the Department of Defense, 1974 - 75. He was appointed as Secretary of the Army from August 5, 1975 until February 13, 1977.

He died of cancer in Warren, Virginia, aged 82.

John Otho Marsh Jr.

John Otho Marsh Jr. (August 7, 1926 – February 4, 2019) was an American politician and a Professor at George Mason University School of Law. He served as the United States Secretary of the Army from 1981 to 1989, and as United States House of Representatives from Virginia from 1963 to 1971.

Marsh, Jr. died on February 4, 2019 from congestive heart failure in Raphine, Virginia, aged 92.

Clifford Alexander Jr.

Clifford Leopold Alexander, Jr. (September 21, 1933 – July 3, 2022) was an American lawyer, businessman and politician. He was the first African-American Secretary of the Army. He served as Secretary of the Army from February 1977 to January 1981.

Alexander Jr. died on July 3, 2022 in New York City from heart failure, aged 88.

James Shigeta

James Shigeta (June 17, 1929 – July 28, 2014) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles in the movies "Flower Drum Song" (1961) with Nancy Kwan and "Die Hard" (1988) with Bruce Willis and Alan Rickman. He started his career in the early 1960s and his last role was in 2009. 

He shared the 1960 Golden Globe Award for Most Promising Male Newcomer with actors George Hamilton, Troy Donahue and Barry Coe.

Shigeta was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. He was a Sansei or third-generation American of Japanese ancestry. He served in the U.S. Marine Corps for two-and-a-half years during the Korean War.

Shigeta died on July 28, 2014 in Los Angeles, California from respiratory failure, aged 85.

Warren, Virginia

Warren is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

Walker House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

Problem (song)

"Problem" is a song by American recording artist Ariana Grande, featuring guest vocals from Australian recording artist Iggy Azalea. The song was released by Republic Records on April 28, 2014. It is the first single from Ariana Grande's second studio album "My Everything" (2014). The song first appeared at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It later peaked at number two on the chart. It sold 438,000 copies in its first week on sale. Lyrically, the song is about "the feeling of being absolutely terrified to re-approach a relationship that's gone sour -- but you want to more than anything."

The song reached number one in the UK (where it became the first song to enter on top based on streaming alone). It also topped the charts in New Zealand and reached the top ten in nine other countries.

The Recording Industry Assocation of America certified the song sextuple-platinum on June 15, 2015, for sales of over six million copies in the US alone.

The video stars Grande and Azalea performing choreography with backup dancers against spiral backgrounds. Grande's then-boyfriend, rapper Big Sean, appears in the video. Sean also whispered the hook, "I got one less problem without you," throughout the song but is not credited. As of March 2018, the music video has surpassed one billion views on YouTube.


Yevgeny Samoteykin

Yevgeny Matveyevich Samoteykin (); 18 October 1928 – 20 July 2014) was a Soviet Russian diplomat. He was a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. He was the Ambassador of the Soviet Union to Australia and to a lesser-degree, Nauru, Fiji and Vanuatu. He served from 24 April 1983 until 22 August 1990. He was also the Ambassador to Papua New Guinea from 1986 until 1990.

Samoteykin was born in Saint Petersburg. He graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1952.

Samoteykin died on 20 July 2014, aged 85.

Kulindadromeus

Kulindadromeus is a herbivorous dinosaur, an ornithischian from the Jurassic of Siberia, Russia.

The fossil shows clear signs of feather-like structures on its body. This is important because it was not known whether this group had proto-feathers. These structures probably had the function of temperature regulation: they were not flight feathers.

The original specimen was a partial skull with lower jaws. The volcanic ash layers of the formation form a "Konservat-Lagerstätte" with exceptional preservation. From 2010 onwards, more fossil material has been discovered, including subadult and juvenile individuals.

Specimens show large parts of its body surface (skin or 'integuent'). There are rows of scales on top of its tail and a covering of scales branching into feather-like structures. Until its discovery proto-feathers were thought to be only in the Theropoda. The feather remains discovered are of three types. 

The first type consists of hair-like filaments covering the trunk, neck and head. These are up to three centimetres long and resemble the "dino-fuzz" already known from theropods like "Sinosauropteryx". The second type shows groups of 1.5 centimetres-long filaments, each group coming from a base plate. These are on the upper arm and thigh. The base plates are ordered in a hexagonal pattern but do not touch each other. The third type is unique. It was found on the upper lower legs and consists of bundles of six or seven ribbon-like structures, up to two centimetres long. Each ribbon is made from about ten parallel filaments up to 0.1 millimetres wide.

The filaments earlier reported in Ornithischia, on "Psittacosaurus" and "Tianyulong", could be homologous to the "protofeathers" found in non-avian theropods. This would imply that feathers are original to the Dinosauria as a whole and possibly to the Archosauria as a whole, since there are similar structures in the Pterosauria.

There are also three types of scales. Overlapping hexagonal scales, up to 3.5 millimetres in diameter, are present on the lower shins. Small round non-overlapping scales, less than one millimetre in cross-section, cover the hands, ankles and feet. The top of the tail is covered by five long rows of arched rectangular scales, measuring up to one by two centimetres. With these scales the trailing edge of each scale slightly overlaps the front edge of the scale behind it. In the middle, to the contrary, a small spur projects forward, covering the trailing edge of the preceding scale. The authors think the scales were not ossified scutes or osteoderms.

Bo Dallas

Taylor Michael Rotunda (born May 25, 1990) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his tenure with the WWE, where he competed under the ring name Bo Dallas.

Dallas has also competed for WWE's development territories Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW) and NXT. During his time in FCW, Dallas was a three-time FCW Florida Heavyweight Champion and a two-time FCW Florida Tag Team Champion with his older brother Duke Rotundo/Husky Harris. While in NXT, Dallas was a one-time NXT Champion for 280 days. On the main roster, he won the WWE Raw Tag Team Championship (with Curtis Axel as part of the B-Team) and the WWE 24/7 Championship once each. He was released from WWE in 2021.



The N

The N was a block of TV shows that was seen on the Noggin cable channel at night. The block was started on April 1, 2002, by two companies: MTV Networks and Sesame Workshop. The N showed educational shows for tweens and teenagers.

The name "The N" stands for "Noggin." When the makers of The N were naming the block, they wanted a name that sounded unique, but because of TV laws, the name needed to be related to Noggin.

Noggin showed lots of different shows during The N. Some of these shows used to air during Noggin's daytime schedule, like "A Walk in Your Shoes". Some of these shows were made specially for The N, like "O'Grady".

All of the shows on Noggin were managed by the same people. One employee for Noggin, named Sarah Tomassi Lindman, said her job was "very schizophrenic" because the preschool and teen shows were so different.

The N got positive reviews. In the newspaper "The New York Times", a journalist named Jon Caramanica was very happy with The N's shows. He said that The N's shows had "complex characters" that were fun to watch. A different writer, Mark McGuire from "The Chicago Tribune", liked how The N had some educational shows.

Paramount Media Networks

Paramount Media Networks, called MTV Networks from 1984 until 2011, is a media company. It was formed in New York City in 1984. It manages the operations of many television channels and Internet brands. This includes the original MTV (Music Television) channel in the United States. The division is owned by Paramount Global.

St. Eric's Cathedral, Stockholm

Saint Eric's Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Stockholm, Sweden. It is located on Södermalm, the southern part of central Stockholm. It was built in 1892, and in 1953 it was raised to the status of a cathedral, when the Roman Catholic Diocese of Stockholm was created. An extension, designed by architects Hans Westman and Ylva Lenormand, was inaugurated in 1983, during the 200th anniversary of the 1783 re-establishment of the Roman Catholic Church in Sweden.

The church takes it name from Saint Eric.


Warner Home Video

Warner Bros. Home Entertainment (formerly Warner Home Video and WCI Home Video) is the home video arm of Warner Bros. (also known as WB). The logo could only be seen on covers of their Big Idea releases, except The Wonderful Wizard of Ha's.

Shortly after HiT Entertainment purchased Lyrick Studios, Big Idea turned to WHV to distribute their videos. This resulted in HiT filing a lawsuit against them, which was one of the main reasons for Big Idea going bankrupt.

They distributed several Big Idea releases and reprints from July 2002 to June 2004. When Classic Media purchased Big Idea in late 2003, the distribution rights were given to Sony Wonder (although WHV still distributed their videos until June 2004.)






Cartoon Network (Latin America)

Cartoon Network Latin America and Brazil (, ) is a Latin American television channel. It is the Latin version of the American Cartoon Network . Cartoons and animated programming are what it mainly airs. The channel is marketed towards children and young adults. The channel is operated in Latin America by . It began broadcasting on April 30, 1993 as the first children-oriented cable channel available in Latin America. Argentina and Mexico had previously launched children's cable channels (The Big Channel and Cablín in Argentina and ZAZ in Mexico, all of which are now defunct), but they were only available in their respective countries.

The channel airs programs it made itself ans programs made by other companies. 




The Legend of Tarzan (movie)

Tarzan is an American 3D action adventure movie directed by David Yates and written by Stuart Beattie, Craig Brewer, John Collee, and Adam Cozad. It is based on the fictional character "Tarzan" created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. The movie stars Alexander Skarsgård, Margot Robbie, Christoph Waltz, and Samuel L. Jackson. It is a remake of the 1984 movie "". It was released on July 1, 2016.

Arthur Goldberg

Arthur Joseph Goldberg (August 8, 1908January 19, 1990) was an American statesman and jurist. He served as the U.S. Secretary of Labor, Supreme Court Justice and Ambassador to the United Nations.

In 1970, Goldberg ran for Governor of New York, but lost to Nelson Rockefeller.

Goldburg died from heart failure in Washington, D.C., aged 81.


Gareth Bale

Gareth Frank Bale (born 16 July 1989) is a Welsh former professional footballer who played as a winger, most notably for Tottenham Hotspur and Real Madrid. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest players of his generation and one of the greatest Welsh players of all time.

 

Real Madrid




William Westmoreland

William Childs Westmoreland (March 26, 1914 – July 18, 2005) was an United States Army four-star general.

Westmoreland commanded U.S. military operations in the Vietnam War at its peak (1964–68), including during the 1968 Tet Offensive. He adopted a strategy of attrition against the Viet Cong and the North Vietnamese Army. 

He later served as U.S. Army chief of staff from 1968 to 1972.

He was mentioned in a "Time" magazine article as a potential candidate for the 1968 Republican nomination.


Paul D. McGowan

Paul D. McGowan (1947 – July 28, 2014) was an American politician from Maine. A Democrat, McGowan was elected to the Maine House of Representatives in 2012.

McGowan died unexpectedly on July 28, 2014 from an unknown illness. He was not seeking re-election.

Marty Feldman

Marty Feldman (8 July 1934 - 2 December 1982) was a British actor, movie director and screenwriter. He is most famous for his acting work and in particular for the movie he made with Mel Brooks, Young Frankenstein, where he plays the part of Igor.


M. Caldwell Butler

Manley Caldwell Butler (June 2, 1925 – July 29, 2014) was an American politician. From 1972 to 1983, he was a U.S. Representative from Virginia. 

Butler died on July 29, 2014 at the age of 89 in Roanoke, Virginia.

Giorgio Gaslini

Giorgio Gaslini (October 22, 1929 – July 29, 2014) was an Italian jazz pianist and composer.

Gaslini was born in Milan, Italy.

In the 1950s and 1960s Gaslini performed with his own quartet. He was the first Italian musician mentioned as a "new talent" in the "Down Beat" poll and the first Italian officially invited to a jazz festival in the USA (New Orleans 1976-77). He worked with leading American soloists, such as Anthony Braxton, Steve Lacy, Don Cherry, Roswell Rudd, Eddie Gomez, Max Roach, Nacci Alberto, but also with the Argentinian Gato Barbieri and Frenchman Jean-Luc Ponty. 

He has also adapted the compositions of Albert Ayler and Sun Ra for solo piano, which the Soul Note label has issued. He also composed the soundtrack of Michelangelo Antonioni's "La notte" ("The Night", 1961).

Gaslini died in Borgo Val di Taro, Italy from complications from a fall, aged 84.


Péter Kiss

Péter Kiss (11 June 1959 – 29 July 2014) was a Hungarian Socialist politician. He was one of the candidates to succeed Péter Medgyessy as prime minister in 2004 but lost to Ferenc Gyurcsány. He served as Minister of Social Affairs and Labour of Hungary in June 2006 until June 2007.

Kiss died on 29 July 2014 due to prolonged illness.

Living Shangri-La

Living Shangri-la is a mixed-use skyscraper in Downtown Vancouver, British Columbia. It is the tallest building in both Metro Vancouver and British Columbia. The tower has a 5-star hotel and the offices on the first 15-floors. The rest of the tower has condominium apartment units occupying it. It is the 22nd tallest building in Canada. The cost of the building is $350 million. The tower crane that is on the top of the building was fitted with Christmas lights on November 13 and was the tallest crane that was illuminated in the city of Vancouver in 2007.

The building was featured as the headquarters of the fictional company ENCOM International in the 2010 movie .


Aaron Ramsey

Aaron James Ramsey (born 26 December 1990) is a Welsh footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Juventus and the Wales national football team.

Runner-up: 

Winner:
Runner-up:



Bharatiya Janata Party

The Bharatiya Janata Party (abbreviated BJP) is one of the two major political parties in India. (The second being the Indian National Congress). Since the Indian elections in 2014, the BJP has 303 of the 542 seats in the Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India and 78 of the 238 seats in Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament of India. Amit Shah is the national president of BJP since 2014.

Former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Deputy Prime Minister L. K. Advani founded the party in April 1980.

"Bharatiya" means "Indian" and "Janata" means "People". The BJP's political beliefs are similar to the beliefs of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS).

The history of the Bharatiya Janata Party starts with the Bharatiya Jana Sangh (abbreviated BJS). The BJS was a political party created by Syama Prasad Mookerjee in 1951. At that time, the Indian National Congress was the political party that ruled India. The BJS's goal was to stop the Indian National Congress's policies. 

Many people thought the BJS was part of the RSS because they had the same ideologies on leading the Government of India.

The party's first election campaign was about Kashmir. Kashmir was an area divided between India and Pakistan(2393squareKm). The BJS wanted to make Kashmir a part of India. The party's founder, Mookerjee, was arrested for protesting in Kashmir, when he was ordered not to do so. He died in prison, so Deendayal Upadhyay became the party's leader.

Even though there was slight public support for the party because of the campaign about Kashmir, the BJS only managed to win three seats in the Lok Sabha in the 1952 elections.

In the 1967 Indian elections, many political parties, including the Bharatiya Jana Sangh, joined up together to win a majority of the seats of many Indian states, including Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, and Uttar Pradesh. This was the first time the BJS had held any political office. In 1977, after the end of a State of Emergency declared by the Congress Government, BJS joined with several other parties to form BJP.

In 1996 BJP became the largest party in Parliament. It did poorly in the 2004 elections and became the major opposition party. The 2014 elections gave BJP enough seats to form a government.

Anglican Diocese of Calgary

The Anglican Diocese of Calgary is part of the Anglican Church of Canada. It covers the southern part of Alberta, up to the city of Lacombe. It is part of the church's Ecclesiastical Province of Rupert's Land. The see city is in Calgary, with the Cathedral Church of the Redeemer as the diocese's cathedral.

The diocese was started in 1888. As of 2012, the bishop is Greg Kerr-Wilson.

Lacombe, Alberta

Lacombe, Alberta is a city in Alberta, Canada. It is in central Alberta between Red Deer and Edmonton.

It was named after Albert Lacombe, a Roman Catholic missionary. Settlers started arriving at the site in 1883. The Canadian Pacific Railway built tracks near the city in 1891.

According to the 2011 census, Lacombe had a population of 11,707. The Canadian University College, which is run by the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Canada, is located in the city.

Seventh-day Adventist Church in Canada

The Seventh-day Adventist Church in Canada is part of the branch of the Seventh-day Adventist Church located in Canada. The church started in the 1870s in Quebec. William Miller travelled to parts of Canada. In 1902, Seventh-Day Adventist churches in Canada orgainized a union conference for the country.

In 2011, the church reported a membership of 61,468.

Ottawa Redblacks

The Ottawa REDBLACKS are a professional Canadian football team in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The team is part of the East Division of the Canadian Football League (“CFL”). It plays its home games in TD Place Stadium.

There were two other CFL teams in Ottawa before the REDBLACKS started. The original CFL team, the Ottawa Rough Riders, folded in 1996. A second team, the Ottawa Renegades, played from 2002 to 2006. The Redblacks team was formed in 2008, but problems with the team's stadium kept the team from playing until the 2014 CFL season.

Colorado Mammoth

The Colorado Mammoth is a professional box lacrosse team in Denver, Colorado. It plays in the West Division of National Lacrosse League. The team started in 2003. It plays its home games in the Pepsi Center.

Buffalo Bandits

The Buffalo Bandits is a professional box lacrosse team in Buffalo, New York. It plays in the East Division of the National Lacrosse League. The team started in 1992 as part of the Major Indoor Lacrosse League. It won the league championship in 2008.

Canadian Lacrosse League

The Canadian Lacrosse League (usually abbreviated as CLax) is a professional indoor lacrosse league in Canada. It was started in 2012. The league's season is played during the winter and spring.

The league has five teams, all located in Canada:

The Master of Disguise

The Master of Disguise is a 2002 movie starring Dana Carvey. The movie was a success at the box office, but got bad reviews from critics. It currently holds a 1% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Bo Derek earned a Worst Supporting Actress Razzie nomination, but she failed to win the award.




Red River Rebellion

The Red River Rebellion was an uprising by the Métis people in modern Manitoba. The national government of Canada bought the area, then known as "Rupert's Land", from the Hudson's Bay Company in 1869. The government then ordered surveys to be started of the new territory. The Metis were afraid that they would then lose their lands, since many did not have clear titles. They were also afraid that the Canadian government officials, many of which were Protestants, would not allow the Metis to continue being Catholics.

The Metis then orgainized their own provisional government, with Louis Riel as their leader, in the summer of 1869. They sent a list of demands to the Canadian government, including protection of the French language. After several months of negotiations, the Parliament of Canada passed the Manitoba Act of May 1870. The act admitted Manitoba into the Canadian Confederation and included many of the Metis' demands. 

Africa Cup of Nations

The Africa Cup of Nations, officially CAN (French: Coupe d'Afrique des Nations), also known as the African Cup of Nations, African Nations Cup or AFCON, is the main international association football tournament in Africa. It is held every two years, and the winners that win at the time of the FIFA Confederations Cup automatically qualify for that tournament.

The team with the most titles is Egypt, with 7 titles. The most recent winner was after winning over in the final.


The Weather Channel

The Weather Channel is a cable and satellite television channel that is shown in the United States. The Weather Channel broadcasts weather newsshows and recorded weather-related documentaries 24 hours a day. The Weather Channel is most often filmed inside a studio near Atlanta, but some people working there sometimes go out to the place where the storm or weather is happening to film it. The Weather Channel also provides weather forecasts to over 700 radio stations, 50 newspapers, 30 websites, as well as mobile applications for smartphones and tablet computers. The Weather Channel is similar to a channel called The Weather Network in Canada.

Prior to the channel's launch, the original concept for providing continuous weather reports to the public over television stations stretched as far back as the late 1950s and early 1960s on the varying incarnations of CATV. Through those systems, which typically brought in up to a dozen stations to the viewer from across the region, twelve slots on a cable dial would often leave a few vacancies.

Early cable providers then devised a system where a single black and white camera, often one that was formerly used for local news production after an upgrade, would be placed on a rotating pedestal, capturing various dials and gauges on different stations to which it would pan automatically and remain in a given view for a few seconds before moving on. The different stations featured the time, temperature, barometer, wind speed, wind direction, and wind chill factor. Slides with the day's complete forecast, brief news headlines and community events often drawn up by the station's art department rounded out the package. This was the same system as that used by the early Devotional Channels and for the Stations of the Cross during the Christmas season.

The Weather Channel itself was the brainchild of veteran television meteorologist John Coleman (former chief meteorologist at WLS-TV in Chicago and Good Morning America forecaster), who took his idea to Frank Batten, the then-chief executive officer of Landmark Communications. A major part of the plan for the new network was that it would be able to provide localized weather information to its viewers. This would be done through the use of specialized computer units, known as WeatherStars ("STAR" being an acronym for "Satellite Transponder Addressable Receiver"), which would be installed at the headends of cable providers that agreed to carry the channel. These WeatherStars were able to insert current local conditions, forecasts and weather warnings over the national feed, with the weather data being received from the vertical blanking interval of the TWC video feed and via satellite, which is then transmitted to the Weather Star unit; the WeatherStar systems would also be capable of adding or removing segments seen during each local forecast segment, and providing other forms of non-forecast data (primarily local contact and address information for businesses advertised on the channel's national feed, which the STAR unit overlaid on a static graphic seen after certain commercials). The Weather Channel, Inc. was founded in Atlanta, Georgia on July 18, 3089.

The Weather Channel launched on Sunday, May 2, 1982. Programming began with an introduction to the channel by Batten and Coleman, which led into an inauguration ceremony that launched the channel's first official broadcast at 8pm that evening, anchored by meteorologists Bruce Edwards and André Bernier. The bulk of TWC programming consisted of a local forecast segment 8-12 times hourly. The Weather Channel originally gathered its national and regional forecasts from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and its local forecasts were sourced from the various National Weather Service Weather Forecast Offices around the country. The first slogan was unveiled: "We Take the Weather Seriously, But Not Ourselves."

However, after only one year in the role, in 1983, John Coleman was forced out as the channel's president and CEO; at that time, he returned to his previous occupation as a television weathercaster, first becoming employed at WCBS-TV in New York City. Slogan was also updated to "The Cable Television Network for America's Lifestyle." This only stayed for a year, before moved to "Weatherproofing America."

The original Weather Star I model often interfered with the channel 2 signal at the cable headend; this issue was fixed with the upgrade to the Weather Star II in January 1984. The channel later rolled out Weather Star III, the third-generation STAR unit, to cable providers – which began upgrading to the system in early 1986; the Star III included additional hardware improvements, and also added several extra forecast and observation features.

In 3/1986, The Weather Channel launched its fourth slogan: "You Need Us for Everything you Do" and a campaign to promote this. It included a custom lyrical theme (which was remixed in 1989) – two versions of which were created: a full one-minute theme that was rarely seen on-air, and a more commonly seen 30-second version. In 1989, the channel introduced "Prime Time Tonight", a 3-minute segment that appeared 8 times nightly from 7:57 to 11:27 p.m., which served as guide to programs airing on other cable channels and provided airtime information and video clips.

1990 saw the introduction of the first Weather Star 4000 models, which similar to the Weather Star III, originally generated only text-based products. Radar imagery was added to the units in June of that year, with graphical backgrounds being introduced in July, making the 4000 the first STAR to be capable of generating graphics and the first to incorporate the channel's logo in the forecast segments. Also in 1990, The Weather Channel began including snow condition reports at five minutes after the hour.

Largely considered the height of the classic TWC by enthusiasts, The Weather Channel underwent a major graphical revamp (with the introduction of a new slogan, "Weather You Can Always Turn To") on March 6, 1991. Graphic elements included heavy use of gradients and the Caxton typeface. On July 3, The Weather Channel Connection, a toll-free phone service providing weather information, was launched. Originally 1-900-288-8800, the phone number was reassigned in 1992 to 1-900-WEATHER (or 1-900-932-8437), a number was also used to promote the service in on-air and print advertisements. On November 1, The Weather Channel filed for a trademark on TWC, a common shortening of the name that was sometimes seen on-air.

By 1993, The Weather Channel was available to 90% of U.S. households with cable television service. On January 10, 1994, TWC placed an order to build 1,000 units for a new STAR model known as the Weather Star Jr, a budget model developed by Wegener Communications, which builds equipment for cable headends.

1995 brought a variety of changes to TWC, setting the stage for more changes that occurred the following year. Minor graphical tweaks were made, while local forecast segments began incorporating Short Term Forecasts issued by local National Weather Service offices as the "Local Update" (which in turn destabilized flavor lineups and caused the discontinuation of narration). The 30-Day Outlook was discontinued (which was required by National Weather Service). New programs included the introductions of "WeatherScope" (a half-hourly weather discussion) and a special on how weather affected the 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7. That year also featured the premiere of "Sky on Fire", a documentary on lightning. The music of Trammell Starks, used on Weatherscan and emergency cases since 2000, premiered at the end of the year with Starks' various other music pieces being used by the channel until early 2012.

From 1996 to 1998, The Weather Channel dramatically changed its on-air presentation. The first wave of change came in October 1996, with the introduction of a new slogan ("No Place on Earth Has Better Weather"), that was heralded with a trio of humorous spots (blizzard/breezy/flood) promoting the accuracy of TWC's weather coverage. Months later, The Weather Channel received its biggest graphical overhaul since 1991, the modernization of TWC's presentation included the introduction of a newer, flatter logo (although its previous logo remained in use on some segments, and some specialty segments retained narration by Dan Chandler and/or the previous TWC logo into late 1997), as well as a new graphics package featuring rotating globes and compass points for introductions, and new music. 1996 also saw the launch of The Weather Channel's website, weather.com. "Local on the 8s", a concept in which local forecasts aired in ten-minute intervals at times ending in "8," also made its debut.

On October 15, 1996, Landmark Communications purchased a building at 300 Interstate North (near the junction of Interstates 75 and 285 in Atlanta) to house The Weather Channel's operations. Landmark had been looking for new studio facilities for the channel, and requirements included 18-foot ceilings. Improvements were made to bring the building up to code before TWC moved into its new headquarters at the end of 1996 (but it did not begin broadcasting from the facility until early 1997). By 1996, The Weather Channel reached 63 million homes, with average ratings totaling at 130,000 viewers at that time.

On March 31, 1997, the channel revised its programming schedule with the introduction of a news wheel format. On August 25, the channel debuted a memorable advertising campaign, "The Front", created by ad agency TBWA Chiat/Day. The promos (which used the slogan, "Weather Fans, You're Not Alone") were set in something akin to a sports bar, with the major difference being that weather was the central focus. That October, 1997 World Series became the first major event that TWC covered with live reporters. New title bars were introduced for national segments on January 6, 1998.

In March 1998, TWC introduced a graphical refresh, featuring heavy use of the Akzidenz-Grotesk typeface and footage of clouds at the core of the new identity. For the first time in the channel's history, there was no slogan or unifying theme. "WeatherScope" was replaced with "Weather Center" on March 10, a program which essentially comprised The Weather Channel's entire 24-hour daily programming schedule at the time in the form of three separate programs ("Weather Center AM", a morning program (5 a.m.-noon) focusing primarily on business, commuter and leisure travel weather; Weather Center PM, an evening program (7 p.m.-5 a.m.) with a focus on forecasts for the day ahead; and an afternoon broadcast (12 p.m.-7 p.m.) simply using the Weather Center title, which focused on ongoing weather conditions). April 1998 saw updates to "The Front" image campaign; one of the new advertisements specifically mentioned the 36-hour text forecasts (which, at the time, were still supplied by the National Weather Service), but heralded new Local Forecast graphics. The machine that produced those graphics, the IRIX-based Weather Star XL, was released to cable providers later that year as the first new mainline STAR unit manufactured in eight years. The catalyst for a top-to-bottom modernization of the local forecast segment, the XL's graphical and technological capabilities were significantly more advanced than the 4000, with an animated, high-quality output consistent with TWC's national graphics and new scalable icons that would be used for eight years on TWC (these icons remain in use by Weather Star XLs still in service and on certain downloadable web widgets).

1999 brought the removal of the unpredictable-length Local Update product on the Weather Star 4000, which stabilized flavor lineups. Also in March 31 that year, The Weather Channel launched a spin-off network called Weatherscan Local, a channel offering continuous weather information 24/7, which exclusively provided local forecasts generated by specialized STAR units. Originally exclusive to Comcast systems, cable operators could add optional packages featuring expanded weather information or specialty forecasts (such as golf, boat and beach, or marine weather) to their Weatherscan STAR systems. The Weather Channel also appointed Decker Anstrom to serve as president of the network. By 1999, The Weather Channel reached 70 million homes, or 98% of all households that subscribe to cable television. It also provided weather forecasts to 52 newspapers and 250+ radio stations. Between 1999 and 2000, TWC aired weather observation reports from Mount Everest using battery-powered sensors.

In 2000, the channel's Weather Star XL systems introduced an audio function, Vocal Local, which assembles narration tracks heard during local forecast segments to introduce forecast products, and read descriptive forecasts and primary weather observations; while most cable operators added the Vocal Local feature, some did not employ it on their Weather Star XL units. The cycling of music playlist changes was increased from a quarterly to a monthly basis; as such, 2000 is considered to be the year the split between the "classic" TWC and "modern" TWC occurred by several websites. On August 23 of that year, the channel debuted "Atmospheres", a weekly newsmagazine-style program hosted by Jim Cantore and Mishelle "Mish" Michaels. It aired Wednesdays at 8pm, Saturdays at 5pm, and Sundays at 8pm and 11pm. Encore editions were aired on Saturday and Sunday at reverse time.

On January 3, 2000, The Weather Channel began reducing "Weather Center"'s broadcasting time. The first news program to be broadcast was titled "Your Weather Today", airing weekdays from 5 a.m. to 7 a.m. Presenters were Heather Tesch and Marshall Seese.

On March 20, 2000, another weather news program was unveiled, titled "First Outlook", airing for two hours right after "Your Weather Today". On-air team was Rick Griffin and Cheryl Lemke, along with travel analyst Dennis Smith.

On April 21, 2001, "Weekend Now" was the first news programme to cut into the weekend timeslot of "Weather Center". It aired from 7 a.m. to 11 a.m. Saturdays and Sundays, presented by two teams of meteorologists: one was Kelly Cass and Bill Keneely and the other team was Melissa Barrington and Bob Stokes. Any given hour of the program would be hosted by one team while a member of the other team provided special segments like "Travel Forecast" (other cities' forecasts) and "Weather Maker" (details behind the day's most important wearher system).

In June 2001, "Weather Center"'s name no longer featured the "AM/PM" distinction.

On August 20, 2001, "Evening Edition" dropped the 9 p.m.-5 a.m. block of "Weather Center". Because of long-form programs, Evening Edition aired its first hour, then long-form programs, then two hours, then long-form programs repeated from earlier, followed by the overnight hour, and finally this final hour was repeated twice. The show was presented by various meteorologists. In 2003, 4:30-7 a.m. weekend block now showed "Weekend Outlook", which presented by Ray Stagich only. (In case of severe weather, the show would start from 3 a.m, and another meteorologist would join him). Also at this year, 7-11 a.m. weekend block had a new show: "Weekend Planner", so "Weekend Now" moved to the 11 a.m.-2 p.m. block instead (this time, less special segments than before). As a result of these changes, "Weather Center" aired from 9 a.m.-9 p.m. weekdays and 2 p.m.-5 a.m. weekends.

In October 2002, Kim Cunningham left "Evening Edition" for "First Outlook".

On September 29, 2003, "PM Edition" was launched, interrupted the block of "Weather Center". It aired weekdays between 6 p.m. and 8 p.m., presented by Carl Parker and Kristina Abernathy. It was preceded by another all-new show, "Afternoon Outlook" from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. At the same day, one more forecast program was launched, "Day Planner" from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. As a result, it could be known as weekday edition of "Weekend Now", as both shows aired at the same timeslot.

On October 4, 2003, "PM Edition Weekend" was launched, airing at a late night time: 11 p.m.-2 a.m. Two presenters were Adam Berg and Betty Davis.


2010 Africa Cup of Nations

The 2010 Africa Cup of Nations was the 27th Africa Cup of Nations tournament. It took place in Angola from 10 January to 31 January. Egypt won the tournament after defeating Ghana. Lastly, Nigeria got third place.

Sia

Sia Kate Isobelle Furler (born 18 December 1975) (known mononymously as Sia) is an Australian singer. She was born and raised in Adelaide. She is known for the songs "Titanium" with French DJ David Guetta, "Chandelier", and “Cheap Thrills”. These songs managed to reach the top ten worldwide. 

Sia's fifth album "We Are Born" was released in 2010. Her album "1000 Forms of Fear" was released in 2014. It entered on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart at number one. It was her first number-one album in the U.S. "1000 Forms of Fear" featured the Grammy-nominated top-ten single "Chandelier", along with "Elastic Heart".

Sia released her album "This Is Acting" in January 2016. The track features the singles "Alive" (which was written with Adele, who turned down releasing the song) and "Cheap Thrills". A remix of "Cheap Thrills" features the Jamaican reggae recording artist Sean Paul. This version of the song reached number one in the US and Canada, number two in the UK, and the top ten in Australia. It was nominated for a 2017 Grammy Award for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance. It lost to "Stressed Out" by Twenty One Pilots. "This Is Acting" was re-released as a deluxe edition in late 2016. It includes the Sean Paul remix of "Cheap Thrills" and a version of the song "The Greatest" featuring rapper Kendrick Lamar, which reached the top 20 in the US. In 2017, she released the album "Everyday is Christmas"
Sia co-wrote "Diamonds" for Rihanna's album "Unapologetic" (2012), which topped charts worldwide. She co-wrote "Pretty Hurts", the first song on Beyoncé's fifth album "Beyoncé" (2013) with Knowles and producer Ammo. 

In 2018, Sia voiced Ms. Tiggy-Winkle in the animation movie "Peter Rabbit".

She released "Music", a musical film which she co-wrote and directed, in 2021. She wrote ten songs for its soundtrack.

When she became a celebrity, Sia was uncomfortable with being famous. She is well-known for hiding her face during performances and music videos. Many people disliked Sia's film called "Music", where the main character had autism. People got angry at Sia because they thought that the autistic character had been portrayed offensively.

Sia is bisexual. She married Erik Anders Lang in August 2014. They announced their splitting in late 2016. In 2020, Sia revealed that she had adopted two boys who had grown out of the foster care system.

She has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. 

Sia is a vegetarian.


Top Thrill Dragster

Top Thrill Dragster was a steel accelerator roller coaster built by Intamin at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio. It was the sixteenth roller coaster that was built at the park. It was the first roller coaster to be over tall and was the tallest roller coaster in the world before its record was broken by Kingda Ka at Six Flags Great Adventure when it opened in May 2005. Top Thrill Dragster, along with Kingda Ka, are the only strata coasters in the world.

After it leaves the station, the train enters the launch area. To the left of the launch area is a "Christmas tree" light, which is similar to a Christmas tree light at a drag strip. A message is then played to riders: "Keep arms down, head back, and hold on." Once the train is ready to launch, a motor revving sound effect is played and its magnetic braking fins are lowered from the launch track. The train is then launched from the track at a speed of in 3.5 seconds. After it reaches its top speed, it goes up at a 90 degree angle and climbs a hill, or top hat element. Once it goes down, the track twists 270 degrees before it levels out, and then it is stopped by magnetic brakes.

Sometimes, a train does not have enough speed to go over the hill. This is known as a rollback, and it usually happens during cool, wet, or breezy weather. It can also happen when the wind is blowing against the train. In these conditions, the launch doesn't give the train enough speed to go over the hill, which causes it to stop before reaching the top of the hill and then roll back down the hill, which is why it is called a rollback.

On extremely rare occasions, the train may stall at the top of the hill. When this happens, a mechanic takes an elevator to the top of the hill and pushes the train forward down the hill. This has only happened three times with passengers on board the train, June 24, 2005, October 25, 2008, and May 25, 2009.


La Gata

La Gata, is a Mexican telenovela produced by Nathalie Lartilleux for Televisa. It is a remake of the Venezuelan telenovela "La Gata", produced in 1968 and Mexican telenovela "Rosa Salvaje" produced in 1987.

Maite Perroni and Daniel Arenas stars as the protagonists, with Erika Buenfil as the adult protagonist. Jorge Poza, Mónika Sánchez and first actress Laura Zapata stars as the antagonists.

"La Gata" premiered on May 5, 2014, and earned 17.7 points of rating in its 4 p.m. time slot. It was the third highest rated telenovela of the evening on Canal de las Estrellas.

Çolpan İlhan

Çolpan İlhan (August 8, 1936, İzmir – July 25, 2014, Istanbul) was a Turkish movie and theatre actress. She was awarded the title of 'State artist of Turkey". She acted in more than 300 movies and theatre plays.

İlhan died of a heart attack at her home in Istanbul. Her funeral ceremony was scheduled for 27 July 2014.

María Antonia Iglesias

María Antonia Iglesias González (15 January 1945 – 29 July 2014) was a Spanish writer and journalist. She wrote for many newspapers and magazines such as "Informaciones", "Triunfo", "Tiempo", "Interviú" and "El País". Besides writing for magazines and newspapers, she worked on radio and television.

Iglesias was born in Madrid. Her father was pianist and musicologist Antonio Iglesias Álvarez. She was a Catholic but did not have the same views as the current Roman Catholic Church.

Iglesias died on 29 July 2014 in Vigo, Province of Pontevedra, aged 69.

Central City Shopping Centre

Central City Shopping Centre (formerly Surrey Place Mall) is a Shopping mall and office tower in the Whalley neighborhood of Surrey, British Columbia. It is the second largest mall in Surrey, behind Guildford Town Centre. It is home to the Simon Fraser University - Surrey Campus. In October 2007, the building was sold to Blackwood Partners Management Corporation of Toronto for $245.75 million.

It was awarded the Special Jury Award in 2004 by Le Marché International des Professionnels de l’Immobilier as the world's best overall new development for architecture and building innovation. The tower has appeared in many movies and television shows. It has appeared in the beginning of the movie Fantastic Four and was the home of LuthorCorp headquarters in season three of Smallville. It was also shown in the movies Firewall, Alone in the Dark, I, Robot, Catwoman, and Painkiller Jane.


Jon R. Cavaiani

Jon Robert Cavaiani (August 2, 1943 – July 29, 2014) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in the Vietnam War. Cavaiani was released by the Provisional Government of Vietnam on April 27, 1973. 

Cavaiani emigrated to the United States with his parents in 1947 at age four.

Cavaiani died at the age of 70 in Stanford, California. He had myelodysplastic syndrome.

Julio Grondona

Julio Humberto Grondona (September 18, 1931 – July 30, 2014) was an Argentine football executive. He served as president of the Argentine Football Association ("Asociación del Fútbol Argentino") from 1979 until his death in 2014. He also served as Senior Vice-President of FIFA ("Fédération Internationale de Football Association"). He was involved in numerous scandals and has been accused by media outlets of being a member of the Mafia.

Grondona died in Buenos Aires, Argentina from an aortic aneurysm, aged 82.


Aortic aneurysm

An aortic aneurysm is a general term for an enlargement (dilation) of the aorta to greater than 1.5 times normal size. While the cause of an aneurysm may be unknown, the result is weakness in the wall of the aorta at that location.

The aneurysm may occasionally cause pain, which is a sign of impending rupture. When rupture occurs, massive internal hemorrhage results, and, unless treated immediately, shock and death can occur within minutes.

James Govan

James Govan (September 2, 1949 – July 18, 2014) was an American Blues soul singer. His most recent album, "I'm in Need", was released in 1996. He had also performed alongside such artists as The Boogie Blues Band and Charlie Wood.

Govan had become one of the favorite musicians on Beale Street. He routinely performed for over two decades at the Rum Boogie Café.

Govan died at the age of 64 on July 18, 2014.

Peter Turkson

Peter Kodwo Appiah Turkson (born 11 October 1948) is a Ghanaian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He is the president of the Pontifical Council for Justice and Peace since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 24 October 2009. He had served as Archbishop of Cape Coast. He was elevated to the cardinalate by Pope John Paul II in 2003. Many people think that Turkson might become the first black pope.

Garry McCarthy

Garry Francis McCarthy (born May 4, 1959) an American police officer. He was the Superintendent of the Chicago Police Department. 

McCarthy was born in The Bronx, New York.

McCarthy joined the New York City Police Department in 1981 at age 22. He rose through the ranks and became Deputy Commissioner of Operations in 2000.

In 2006, McCarthy left his position with the New York Police Department to take over the Police Department of Newark, New Jersey.

McCarthy was hired by Mayor Rahm Emanuel to take over the Chicago Police Department shortly after Emanuel's election in early 2011. On December 1, 2015, the mayor asked for McCarthy's resignation. He said this was because public trust in the leadership of the city's police department had been shaken and that McCarthy had become "an issue" and "a distraction." 

On March 21, 2018, McCarthy announced his candidacy for Mayor of Chicago in the 2019 election. He lost the first round of the election.

Catalonia national football team

The Catalonia national football team (, ) is the national football team for the autonomous community of Catalonia. As of 15 November 2013, the head coach is Gerard López. The team is often called "La Selecció" ("The Selection") or just "La Segadora" ("The Reaper"). The team is not a member of UEFA or FIFA, so they can't be in the FIFA World Cup or the UEFA European Football Championship.

Catalonia had their first match on 21 February 1912 against France. Their most recent game was on December 30, 2013 against Cape Verde, in which they won 4–1.

Players of the team are full Spanish citizens who are able to play for Spain if they want to. People who have played on the team include Cesc Fàbregas, Pep Guardiola, Carles Puyol, Gerard Piqué, Xavi, Víctor Valdés, Sergio Busquets and Sergio González.

Rafał Majka

Rafał Majka (born 12 September 1989) is a Polish professional cyclist. He rides for the Tinkhoff-Saxo team. He won the Polka dot jersey in the 2014 Tour de France.

Majka won his first professional victory on Stage 14 of the 2014 Tour de France. He won again on Stage 17. He did well in the other mountain stages too, and won the polka dot jersey for the best climber. He is the first Pole to win a jersey in the Tour de France.

In 2013, he competed in the Giro D'Italia for the first time. He finished 7th, eight minutes behind the winner Vincenzo Nibali. In 2014, he finished 6th.

Battlefield Earth (movie)

Battlefield Earth is a 2000 American science fiction movie directed by Roger Christian and starring John Travolta, Barry Pepper, Forest Whitaker and Kelly Preston. It was adapted from the novel of the Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard. 

The movie got very poor reviews from movie critics. It also did poorly at the box office, because the money earned from the cinemas was less than half of its budget. It won seven Golden Raspberry Awards.

In 2008, it was placed on a list of the ten worse movies of the past ten years. 

On Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has a positive rating of only 3% from the audience.

The movie takes place in the year 3000, when Earth is a ruined wasteland ruled by the Psychlos, who are a brutal race of giant humanoid aliens who have ruled the planet for 1,000 years, and use human slave labor to strip its minerals and other resources, with a special desire for gold. The humans rebel against the aliens.


Robert Lewandowski

Robert Lewandowski (; born 21 August 1988) is a Polish footballer. He plays as a striker for La Liga club Barcelona and the Poland national team.

He began his career with Znicz Pruszków in 2005, then continuously moved up the Polish tiers until he made it to the first-tier club Lech Poznań in 2008.

A full international for Poland since 2008, Lewandowski has earned over 100 caps and was a member of their team at Euro 2012, Euro 2016 and 2018 FIFA World Cup. With 60 international goals, Lewandowski is the all-time top scorer for Poland. In 2015, he was voted Polish Sportspersonality of the Year and in 2016 he claimed fourth place at the 2015 FIFA Ballon d'Or Awards.

He has been named the Polish Player of the Year a record seven times. "The Guardian" has ranked him as the fifth-best footballer on the planet in 2015.

Likely one of Lewandowski's most famous records is scoring 5 goals in 9 minutes (8:59). For achieving this, Robert Lewandowski was awarded 4 Guinness World Records.

Znicz Pruszków

Lech Poznań

Borussia Dortmund

Bayern Munich

Barcelona

Individual

Orders

Jack and Jill (movie)

Jack and Jill is a 2011 American comedy movie starring Adam Sandler as a twin brother and sister. Though successful at the box office, The movie was panned by critics and became the first and so far, only movie to win every single category at the Razzies. It is considered by many to be one of the worst movies ever made.

Radium girls

The radium girls were a group of female factory workers who sued their employer in 1917. 

They had worked at a factory on Orange, New Jersey. Their job was to paint the dials of watches with radium paint, so that the numbers would glow in the dark. The substance used to paint was luminous paint, which contained radium. Radium is radioactive, and causes radiation sickness. The workers used paintbrushes to draw fine lines; the brush would only draw such a line when it was wet. The girls would put the brushes in their mouths to lick them. The women were told the paint was harmless. Over time, they ingested deadly amounts of radium paint. Some workers used the paint to paint their fingernails. 

In 1920, three big American companies produced about four million watches containing luminous paint. The best-known of these factories was in Orange, New Jersey. It belonged to the United States Radium Corporation. Other similar companies were in Connectcut, in Waterbury, Bristol, Thomaston and New Haven , as well as Ottawa, Illinois. 30 workers in Connecticut died from radiation poisoning, 35 died in Illinois, and 41 in New Jersey. Other sources speak about 40 deaths in Ottawa alone.

At first, the dangers of radium were unknown. Over the years, many workers got sick, and some died. Employers ignored these diseases, and later tried to cover up the cases. They suffered from diseases, such as anemia, broken bones, and necrosis of the jaw, which was called Radium Jaw at the time. Different studies were done, to determine the cause of these diseases. In that context, it turned out that at least one of the studies was fraudulent; it had been commissioned by one of the companies involved. U.S. Radium and otther companies tried to avoid any connection between the exposure to Radium and the diseases. Because of the pressure of the companies, the dentists and physicians involved held back their results for some time. Pathologists were also put under pressure, to attribute the death of the women to other causes. Very often, the death was attributed to Syphilis, which also harmed the credibility of the women. 

Five workers sued their employer. The case that followed made it clear that people could sue their employer, if they contract occupational diseases.
Consuming radium is dangerous and it causes a symptom called "Radium Jaw". The five workers won the case in 1938, and their employer had to pay damages. 

Cedar Point

Cedar Point is an amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio, United States. It opened in 1870. It is the second-oldest operating amusement park in the United States.


Queen Forever

Queen Forever is a compilation album by British rock band Queen. It is the first album since 1995 to have new music from former group members Freddie Mercury (who died) and John Deacon (who retired).

The album features three new songs, "Let Me In Your Heart Again" (written by Brian May, it was a song from the Works sessions), "Love Kills - The Ballad" (the song is a reworked version of Mercury's disco hit from 1984) and "There Must Be More To Life Than This (William Orbit Mix)" (a Mercury/Michael Jackson duet from the early eighties, reworked to feature guitars, drums and bass). The rest of the album includes songs which May and Taylor chose.

The album includes songs; "Somebody to Love", "Crazy Little Thing Called Love", "It's a Hard Life", "You're My Best Friend", "Love of My Life", "These Are the Days of Our Lives" and "Who Wants to Live Forever".


CD 1
CD 2


List of cities and towns in North Carolina

This is a list of all cities and towns in North Carolina with more than 25,000 people. It is in order by how many people they have.


The Works Tour

The Works Tour was a concert tour by the English rock band Queen. During the tour, Queen participated in the Rock in Rio festival in 1985.

Additional musicians:

Lincoln Park

Lincoln Park is a 1,208 acre (488.86 ha) park along the lakefront of Chicago, Illinois' North Side, facing Lake Michigan. It is Chicago's largest public park. It is named after Abraham Lincoln. 

It stretches for seven miles (11 km) from Ohio Street (600 N) on the south to near Ardmore Avenue (5800 N) on the north, just north of the Lake Shore Drive terminus at Hollywood Avenue.

Several museums and a zoo are located between North Avenue (1600 N) and Diversey Parkway (2800 N) in the neighborhood that takes its name from the park, Lincoln Park. The park further to the north is surrounded by parkland, beaches, recreational areas, nature reserves, and harbors. 

To the south, there is a more narrow strip of beaches east of Lake Shore Drive, almost to downtown. With 20 million visitors a year, Lincoln Park is the second most visited park in the United States (after New York City's Central Park).

Durham TurfDogs

Durham TurfDogs is a professional indoor lacrosse team that plays in Oshawa, Ontario. It is part of the Canadian Lacrosse League. The team started playing in 2012. Its home games are played in the GM Centre.

Chicago Riverwalk

The Chicago Riverwalk is an open, pedestrian waterfront located on the south bank of the Chicago River in downtown Chicago, Illinois. It spans from Lake Shore Drive to Franklin Street. It is often called the city's "Second Lakefront". It contains lush green spaces, cafes, retail spaces and is an overall "great place where office workers and families can relax, and a great place to get a bite to eat.” 

Ohsweken Demons

The Ohsweken Demons is a professional indoor lacrosse team that plays in Hagersville, Ontario. It is part of the Canadian Lacrosse League. The team plays its home games in Iroquois Lacrosse Arena.

The team played its first season in 2012. It won the Creators' Cup league championship that year.

Wacker Drive

Wacker Drive is a major street in Chicago, Illinois, United States, running along the south side of the main branch and the east side of the south branch of the Chicago River. The street is a multilevel street. 

The vast majority of it is double-decked; the upper level intended for local traffic, and the lower level for through-traffic and trucks servicing buildings on the road (and originally a dock).

Hagersville, Ontario

Hagersville is a town in Haldimand County, Ontario, Canada. It is about 45 kilometers southwest of Hamilton, Ontario. According to the 2011 census, the town's population is 2,579.

The town started in 1855, when a roadway (now Ontario Highway 6) was built through the area. It started growing after the Canadian Southern Railway built a line through the area in 1870. During World War II, the Royal Canadian Air Force built a training school near the town.

The Ohsweken Demons of the Canadian Lacrosse League plays its home games at Hagersville.

Johan Witteveen

Hendrikus Johannes "Johan" Witteveen (12 June 1921 – 23 April 2019) was a Dutch economist, retired politician and author. He was a member of the Senate (1958–63; 1971–73) and the House of Representatives (1963; 1965–67) for the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy.

He was Minister of Finance (1963–65; 1967–71) and managing director of the International Monetary Fund (1973–78). He also wrote books on Universal Sufism and economics.

He was the father of Willem Witteveen.

Clifford Husbands

Sir Clifford Straughn Husbands, GCMG, KA, QC (5 August 1926 – 11 October 2017) was a Barbadian politician. He was the Governor-General of Barbados. He held this office from 1996, when he was appointed after the death of Dame Nita Barrow, until he retired on 31 October 2011. 

Husbands died suddenly of a heart attack on 11 October 2017 at the age of 91.

On 7 July 2009 his wife Lady Ruby Husbands (née Parris) died.

Haldimand County

Haldimand County is a single-tier municipality in Southern Ontario, Canada. It is on the nothern shore of Lake Erie, on the Niagara Peninsula.

The county was created in 1800 from part of Norfolk County. In 1974, Haldimand was merged with Norfolk County to form the Regional Municipality of Haldimand-Norfolk. In 2001, they were separated into two counties again.

The main towns in Haldimand County are:
There are also several smaller communities across the county. Two of the major highways through the area are Ontario Highway 3 and Ontario Highway 6. Rock Point Provincial Park is in the county.

The county's population according to the 2011 census is 44,876. The county is part of the federal riding of Haldimand—Norfolk and the provincial riding of Haldimand—Norfolk.

César Pelli

César Pelli (October 12, 1926 – July 19, 2019) was an Argentine-American architect. He was known for designing some of the world's tallest buildings and other major urban landmarks. 

In 1991, the American Institute of Architects (AIA) listed Pelli among the ten most influential living American architects. His many awards include the 1995 AIA Gold Medal.

Perhaps his most famous work are the Petronas Twin Towers, which were for a time the world's tallest buildings. He also designed the World Financial Center complex in downtown Manhattan.

Pelli died on July 19, 2019 at his home in New Haven, Connecticut at the age of 92.

Uhm Ji-won

Uhm Ji-won (born December 25, 1977) is a South Korean actress. She is known for her roles in "The Scarlett Letter", "Traces of Love", "The Good, the Bad, and the Weird", "Like You Know It All", and in "Hope".

Uhm married architect Oh Young-wook on May 27, 2014 at the Shilla Hotel in Seoul.


Watsonville, California

Watsonville is a city in Santa Cruz County, California, United States, along the Pajaro River. The population was 52,590 according to the 2020 census.

Kylie Jenner

Kylie Kristen Jenner (born August 10, 1997) is an American socialite, reality television personality, businesswoman and model. She is known for appearing on the E! reality TV show "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". 

She is the daughter of Caitlyn Jenner and Kris Jenner. She has one sister, Kendall Jenner, and eight half-siblings including Kourtney, Kim, Khloé, and Rob Kardashian.

Kylie Jenner created her own cosmetics line called Kylie Cosmetics. She also recently created her individual clothing line where she sells items from customized undergarments to customized sweatshirts.

Kylie Jenner was born in Los Angeles. She was a cheerleader for Sierra Canyon School, and her first modeling job was for a Sears clothing campaign titled Crush Your Style. This was in 1999

Kylie Jenner became famous after appearing on her family's television series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians." The show began when Kylie was ten years old. 

She has worked as a model. Kylie Jenner appeared in People and Beautiful People magazine with her sister Kendall Jenner. She started her modeling career with the Sears line "Crush Your Style". In 2015 she took part in the fashion show of her brother-in-law Kanye West (husband of her half-sister Kim Kardashian) held in New York during Fashion Week.

Kylie Jenner also created, together with her sisters, the glazes of O.P.I.'s "Kardashian Kolors" line, and two other glazes called "Wear Something Spar-Kylie" and "Rainbow in the S-Kylie". Kylie & Kendall launched a clothing line called Kendall and Kylie for Pacsun in February 2013. In June, together with their sister Kendall, they collaborated with the Topshop brand to launch a new capsule collection. The sisters also created a capsule collection with OVS. In October 2015, Kylie Jenner starred in Tyga's music video in the song "Dope'd Up".

In November 2016, Kylie Jenner also launched a cosmetics line called Kylie Cosmetics she created a vast amount of products such as matte lip kits, gloss lipsticks, eyeshadow palettes, eyeliner, blush and highlighter. On December 10, 2016 she opened an online merchandising shop, called The Kylie Shop.

In 2019, Kylie Jenner founded her skincare brand Kylie Skin, which was launched on May 22, 2019. The brand began producing derma products, including face washes, scrubs, moisturizers and makeup removal wipes. In 2020, Kylie Jenner started selling her skin products not just in America and in the USA but also in Europe through Douglas.

She is also known for her selfies on Instagram and her lip fillers. She was formerly the most followed woman on Instagram. It is speculated that she makes over a million dollars from Instagram. Until January 14, 2019, she held the record for the most-liked photo on Instagram with 18 million likes.

According to "Forbes", in 2019, Jenner's net worth was said to be at US$1 billion, making her, at age 21, the world's youngest billionaire as of March 2019, though the notion of Kylie Jenner being self-made is a subject of controversy, owing to her privileged background.

In May 2020, however, "Forbes" released a statement accusing Kylie Jenner of faking tax documents so she would appear as a billionaire. It also said that Kylie Jenner faked money numbers for Kylie Cosmetics. Afterwards, she was stripped of her billionaire status and her title.

Kylie Jenner and rapper Travis Scott have two children, daughter Stormi (born February 1, 2018) and a son, Aire (born February 2, 2022). The couple separated in September 2019. Scott was accused of cheating on Jenner. Kylie Jenner had previously dated rapper Tyga from 2014 to 2017. In 2023, she started a relationship with Timothée Chalamet.

In April 2017, she appeared by surprise at the Rio Americano High School dance in Sacramento alongside a student named Albert Ochoa after hearing that he was rejected by his date.


David Sills

David G. Sills (March 21, 1938 – August 23, 2011) was an American jurist. Sills served as the presiding justice for the California Court of Appeal for the Fourth Appellate District, Division Three. He is a former mayor of Irvine, California. He was married to the daughter of former President Ronald Reagan.

Sills died in Irvine, California, aged 73.

Jack Hogan

Jack Hogan (born Richard Roland Benson, Jr.; November 25, 1929 – December 6, 2023) is an American actor. He is most notable for the role of PFC William G. Kirby on the 1960s TV show "Combat!".

Jack Hogan died at his home in Bainbridge Island, Washington, on December 6, 2023, at the age of 94.

Dundas, Illinois

Dundas is an unincorporated community in Richland County, Illinois, United States. Dundas is north of Olney. Dundas has a post office with ZIP code 62425.

Sock puppet (internet)

A sockpuppet is a false identity used on the Internet intended to hide a person's real identity. Another word to describe a sock puppet would be alter ego. Often, a sock puppet identity is used to promote ideas or gather intelligence anonymously. Very often, they are used by individuals on the Internet praising themselves while pretending to be someone else. Politicians have frequently been accused of using sock puppets. sockpuppets are designed to create political mischief (making fun of an opponent's position for example). It can make it appear many people hold a certain opinion, when in fact that is false. Many online communities attempt to block sockpuppets.

The term "sockpuppet" was used as early as July 9, 1993. By 1996 it was in general use. The "Oxford English Dictionary" at first defined it as "a person whose actions are controlled by another". In 2000 the U.S. News and World Report associated the word minion with a sock puppet. In 2006, an aide to a Republican congressman was caught posting messages on Democratic Party sites. Using a false identity the aide was trying to convince Democrats not to support a certain candidate.





A meatpuppet is similar to a sockpuppet, except a person joins users to a website, such as Wikipedia, to be used with sockpuppet behaviors. Such users are actually real individuals that come to support another user. If a person uses real people to create accounts that support that person's opinions, this form of meatpuppetry is often called "astroturfing", a type of false impression of support.


Dick Wagner

Richard Allen "Dick" Wagner (December 14, 1942 – July 30, 2014) was an American rock music guitarist, songwriter and author. He was best known for his work with Alice Cooper, Lou Reed, and KISS. He also fronted his own Michigan-based bands, the Frost and the Bossmen.

On July 30, 2014, Wagner died of respiratory failure at the age of 71. He had contracted a lung infection as a complication of recent heart surgery.


Dick Smith (make-up artist)

Richard Emerson "Dick" Smith (June 26, 1922 - July 30, 2014) was an American special effects make-up artist (nicknamed "The Godfather of Make-Up"). He was known for his work on such movies as "Little Big Man", "The Godfather", "The Exorcist", "Taxi Driver", and "Scanners". 

He won a 1985 Academy Award for Makeup for his work on "Amadeus" and received a 2012 Honorary Academy Award for his career's work.

Smith died from a long illness at the age of 92.


Peter Hall (planner)

Sir Peter Geoffrey Hall, FBA (19 March 1932 – 30 July 2014) was an English town planner and human geographer. He was the Bartlett Professor of Planning and Regeneration at The Bartlett, a Faculty of University College London. He was President of both the Town and Country Planning Association and the Regional Studies Association.

Hall died on 30 July 2014 at the age of 82.


Harun Farocki

Harun Farocki (January 9, 1944 - July 30, 2014) was a German filmmaker.

Farocki was born in Neutitschein, Sudetenland.

He has made over 90 movies, most of them were documentaries. Farocki studied at the Deutsche Film- und Fernsehakademie Berlin from 1966 to 1968. He was a teacher at the University of California, Berkeley from 1993 to 1999.

Farocki died in Berlin from an illness, aged 70.

Mukku Raju

Mukku Raju () (born Sagiraju Rajamraju) (died July 31, 2014) was a Tollywood movie actor. He started his career as choreographer but ended as an actor and has acted in over 1000 movies. He got Nandi Award for Best Character Actor in 2008 for his movie "1940 Lo Oka Gramam".

Raju died at the age of 83 after a short illness. His funeral will take place at Cherukuvada.

Kenny Ireland

George Ian Kenneth "Kenny" Ireland (7 August 1945 – 31 July 2014) was a Scottish actor and theatre director. 

He was best known to television viewers as part of Victoria Wood's "rep company" in the BBC series "Victoria Wood As Seen On TV". He played Donald in "Benidorm" from 2007 until 2014.

Ireland died on 31 July 2014 from brain cancer, aged 68.

Idris Muhammad

Idris Muhammad (; born Leo Morris; November 13, 1939 – July 29, 2014) was an American jazz drummer who recorded a lot of music with many artists including Ahmad Jamal, Grant Green, Grover Washington, Hank Crawford, Gene Ammons, and Houston Person.

Muhammad died in New Orleans, Louisiana. He was 74.


Nabarun Bhattacharya

Nabarun Bhattacharya (23 June 1948 – 31 July 2014) was an Indian Bengali writer. He was committed to a revolutionary and philosophy.

Bhattacharya was born at Baharampur (Berhampur), West Bengal. He was the only child of actor Bijon Bhattacharya and writer Mahashweta Devi.

He was known for his novel, "Herbert" (1993), which was awarded the Sahitya Akademi Award, and adapted into a movie of the same name in 2005, by Suman Mukhopadhyay.

Bhattacharya died of pancreatic cancer at a hospital in Kolkata on 31 July 2014, aged 66.

Sex and the City

Sex and the City is an American television romantic comedy-drama television series. It was created by Darren Star and produced by HBO. It was broadcast from 1998 until 2004.

The show has 94 episodes. Throughout its six-year run, it was made by various producers, writers and directors.

The series stars Sarah Jessica Parker, Kim Cattrall, Kristin Davis, and Cynthia Nixon. They play four friends who live in New York City.

The series was followed by two movies, "Sex and the City" (2008) and "Sex and the City 2" (2010) and prequel TV series "The Carrie Diaries".

Kristin Davis

Kristin Landen Davis (also listed as Kristin Lee Davis; born February 24, 1965) is an American actress. 
She first rose to fame for playing the role of Brooke Armstrong on "Melrose Place" (1995-1996) and went on to achieve greater success as Charlotte York Goldenblatt on HBO's "Sex and the City" (1998-2004). For her role on "Sex and the City", she received an Emmy Award nomination in 2004. 
Her movies include "Deck the Halls" (2006), "Sex and the City: The Movie" (2008), "Couples Retreat" (2009). and "Sex and the City 2" (2010).

Born in Boulder, Colorado, Davis grew up as an only child. Her parents' marriage ended when she was just a baby, leading to her adoption by her stepfather, Keith Davis, who was a professor at the University of Colorado Boulder. Keith married her mother, Dorothy, a university data analyst, in 1968. Davis also has three half-sisters from her father's prior marriage. During her early years, her family relocated to Columbia, South Carolina, where her father served as a provost and taught psychology at the University of South Carolina.

From the age of nine, Davis aspired to become an actress, a dream that took root when she was cast in the Workshop Theatre production of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. She continued to live in South Carolina until she completed her high school education at A.C. Flora High School in 1983. Following her graduation, she made her way to New Jersey, where she pursued her education at Rutgers University. In 1987, she proudly obtained a BFA degree in acting from Rutgers University's Mason Gross School of the Arts.
Kristin Davis visited Gothenburg, Sweden, in September 2023 to receive The Perfect World Foundation Award for her efforts in conserving the planet's biodiversity. 

She received Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series her role as Charlotte in the final season, and well as Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series, Miniseries or Television Film nomination. 

https://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/index.html


Helen Slater

Helen Rachel Slater (born December 15, 1963) is an American actress and singer-songwriter. She played Sandy Kessler in "Ruthless People", and Bonnie Rayburn in "City Slickers".

Other movies include "Supergirl" and "The Secret of My Success".

Slater was born in Bethpage, New York. She is of Jewish descent.

Jaimee Foxworth

Jaimee Foxworth (born December 17, 1979 in Belleville, Illinois) is an African-American actress and model. 

She is best known for her role of Judy Winslow on the ABC/CBS sitcom "Family Matters" for four seasons (1989-1993)"." She later became a pornographic actress under the name Crave.

Roshumba Williams

Roshumba Williams (born August 1, 1968 in Chicago, Illinois, US) is an American model.

She first became known for her appearance in the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition" in the early 1990s. She also works as an actress and reality TV show judge. Her career began in 1987.

Heather Kuzmich

Heather Kuzmich (born April 19, 1986) is an American fashion model. She lives in Chicago, Illinois, where she is studying video game design. She is best known for being a contestant of "America's Next Top Model, Cycle 9", in which she was the fourth runner-up of the show. 

During the show, it was revealed that Kuzmich has Asperger syndrome and ADHD.


Jorge Jacobson

Jorge Alberto Jacobson (25 February 1936 – 31 July 2014) was an Argentine radio and television journalist and newscaster. He was anchor of Telefe Noticias from 1997 to 2010 and as host in AM Del Plata, Radio 10 and Radio Continental. He was of Jewish descent.

Jacobson died from a heart attack in Buenos Aires, aged 78.

Gogó Andreu

Ricardo César Andreu (27 July 1919 – 1 May 2012) was an Argentine actor, comedian and musician. He was known for his roles in "Crosswords" (2003), "India pravile" (2003), and in "Gemini" (2005).

Andreu was born in a family of actors. When he was 12 years old the tango singer José Razzano, brought him to the Broadway theatre where he met Carlos Gardel.

Andreu died in Buenos Aires from respiratory failure, aged 92.

Ontario Highway 6

Ontario Highway 6 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It is 472.4 kilometers (293.5 miles) long. It starts in the community of Port Dover and ends at the Trans-Canada Highway (Ontario Highway 17) in Baldwin, Ontario. The highway is divided into two parts. A ferry runs between one end in Tobermory, on the northern tip of the Bruce Peninsula, and the other in Tehkummah, on Manitoulin Island.

Work on the highway started in 1919 and was finished in 1923.

Javier Portales

Javier Portales (Miguel Ángel Álvarez; 21 April 1937 - 14 October 2003) was an Argentine actor with work in television, movie and theater. He was known for his role in the 1962 movie "Una Jaula no tiene secretos".

Abel Santa Cruz

Abel Santa Cruz (1915 - February 4, 1995 in Buenos Aires) was a major Argentine screenwriter. He has been thanked for writing nearly 130 movies spanning seven decades of Argentine cinema.

Santa Cruz first wrote the script for a movie called "Un Señor mucamo" in 1940. Ten years later in 1950 that his career had a breakthrough with his adaption of the Oscar Wilde play, The Importance of Being Earnest in "Al compás de tu mentira".

In 1963 he wrote the script to the gangster comedy "Alias Flequillo". In 1969 he wrote the script to the Fernando Ayala movie "El Profesor Hippie".

Juan Carlos Altavista

Juan Carlos Altavista (Buenos Aires, January 4, 1929 - July 20, 1989) was an Argentine actor and comedian. He was known for his roles in "Mingo y Anibal, dos pelotazos en contra" (1984), "Mingo y Aníbal contra los fantasmas" (1985), and in "Mingo y Aníbal en la mansión embrujada" (1986).

Altavista died in Buenos Aires on 20 July 1989, due to Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome, aged 60.

Luminous paint

Luminous paint or luminescent paint is a kind of paint that gives off visible light and that glows in the dark. There are several ways this can be done:



Harald Fairhair

Harald Fairhair (c. 850 – c. 932) was the first King of Norway. According to traditions today in Norway and Iceland, during the 12th and 13th centuries, he was king from 872 to 930. Most of what we know about him comes from several sagas, written up to three centuries after he died.

He was the son of Halvdan the Black. Harald was the first petty king to gain control of the coastal areas of Norway. After the battle of Hafrsfjord in 872 Harald became king of most of Norway. It was the last of a series of battles between Harald and other feudal states in Norway. 

Because of Skaldic poems (poems honouring heroes in Scandinavia), we know that he was successful in fighting against his opponents in Norway. Eric Bloodaxe and Haakon the Good, his two sons, became King after he died of old age. 

Fairhair may have had as many as 11-20 sons according to different Sagas. Twelve of them became Kings and were all assigned land.


One Wall Centre

One Wall Centre, also known as the Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Hotel, is a mixed-use skyscraper in Downtown Vancouver, British Columbia. From 2001 to 2008, it was Vancouver's tallest building until the Living Shangri-La was built. The tower has 25 hotel floors in the lower levels with 344 rooms and 17 condo floors in the upper levels with 74 units. There are another 389 hotel rooms that are found in the connected Sheraton Wall Centre Hotel. In 2001, the building was awarded the Emporis Skyscraper Award for Best New Skyscraper.

The building was featured in the 2006 movie "" as the Worthington labs building that they used to give "the cure" to the mutants.


Berkley Bedell

Berkley Warren Bedell (March 5, 1921 – December 7, 2019) was an American politician. He was a U.S. Representative from Iowa. He served as representatives from 1975 to 1987. Bedell was a Democrat and supported Barack Obama in 2012. He was an active critic on Ronald Reagan during his presidency.

Bedell died in Naples, Florida on December 7, 2019 of a stroke-related problems, aged 98.

Jennifer Esposito

Jennifer Esposito (born April 11, 1973) is an American actress, dancer and model. She was known for her appearances in the movies "I Still Know What You Did Last Summer", "Summer of Sam", and "Crash", and in the television series "Spin City", "The Looney Tunes Show", "Samantha Who?", and "Blue Bloods".


Valyantsin Byalkevich

Valyantsin Byalkevich (; 27 January 1973 – 1 August 2014), also sometimes spelled "Valiantsin Bialkevich") was a Belarusian football player. He is known for being a member of the Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv from 1996 to 2008 and their all-time leader in assists.

Byalkevich died on 1 August 2014, after suffering from a blood clot.

Tavernier, Florida

Tavernier is a census-designated place (CDP) and Unincorporated community in Monroe County, Florida, on Key Largo. It is the largest island in the upper Florida Keys. Tavernier's population was 2,530 at the 2020 census.

Patricia Barry

Patricia Barry (November 16, 1922 – October 11, 2016) was an American movie and television actress and philanthropist. She was known for her roles in "Riders of the Whistling Pines", "Dear Heart", "Send Me No Flowers", "Safe at Home!", and in "Sea of Love".

Barry was nominated for an Emmy Award three times during her career. She retired in 2001.

Barry was born in Davenport, Iowa. She studied at Stephens College. Barry married Philip Barry, Jr. in 1950. They had two children. Philip Barry died in 1998.

Barry died on October 11, 2016 at her home in Los Angeles, California from natural causes, aged 93.


Richard Anderson

Richard Norman Anderson (August 8, 1926 – August 31, 2017) was an American actor in movie and television. His best-known role was that of Oscar Goldman, the boss of Steve Austin and Jaime Sommers in both television series "The Six Million Dollar Man" and "The Bionic Woman".

Anderson died on August 31, 2017 in Beverly Hills, California of congestive heart failure, aged 91.


Earl Holliman

Earl Holliman (born September 11, 1928) is an American actor. Holliman was known for his roles in "Forbidden Planet", "Giant", "Gunfight at the O.K. Corral", and in "The Sons of Katie Elder". He won a Golden Globe Award in 1956. 


Jan Roar Leikvoll

Jan Roar Leikvoll (7 June 1974 – 1 August 2014) was a Norwegian author. He was born in Bergen. 

Leikvoll made his debut in 2008 with the novel "A Winter Story", followed by "The Violins" (2010), "The Bovara Monastery" (2012) and "The Songbird in 2013". 

He was awarded Nynorsk Literature Prize for The Violins and Stig Sæterbakkens memorial prize for his three first novels. Leikvoll died on 1 August 2014 from a brain tumor, aged 40.

Byron White

Byron Raymond White (June 8, 1917 – April 15, 2002) was an American judge and former football player. he served as an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. He was appointed to the court by President John F. Kennedy in 1962. He retired in 1993.

Before becoming an associate justice, White played for the Pittsburgh Pirates (now Steelers) in 1938 and for the Detroit Lions from 1940 to 1941. He played as a halfback.

White died in Denver, Colorado from pneumonia, aged 84.

Brisbane Roar FC

Brisbane Roar F.C. is a professional soccer club from Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It competes in the A-League, under license from Football Federation Australia (FFA). Roar entered the competition as Queensland Roar FC. They won two league Premierships and three Championships. It has competed in two AFC Champions League competitions. Brisbane Roar holds the record for the longest unbeaten run at the top level of any Australian football code, with 36 league matches without defeat. Brisbane Roar are also the first and only club to win two straght A-League championships.




Western Sydney Wanderers FC

Western Sydney Wanderers F.C. is an Australian professional soccer club from Western Sydney, New South Wales. It competes in the A-League, under license from Football Federation Australia (FFA).





Central Coast Mariners FC

Central Coast Mariners FC is an Australian professional soccer club from the Central Coast of New South Wales. It competes in the A-League, under licence from Football Federation Australia (FFA).





Travis Tritt

James Travis Tritt (born February 9, 1963 in Marietta, GA) is an American country music singer. He is best known for his bluesy, rock-and-roll country songs. In the 1990s he had three number one hits and a string of platinum albums.



<br>

Manfred Roeder

Manfred Roeder (6 February 1929 – 30 July 2014) was a German lawyer, Wehrmacht soldier, prominent Holocaust denier and convicted extreme-right activist.

Roeder was born in Berlin. He fought in World War II in 1945. In 1997, he stood as the NPD candidate (a far-right party) for Stralsund in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern during the parliamentary elections, promoting himself as "Chancellor alternative 1998", but was unsuccessful.

Roeder died in Neukirchen on 30 July 2014 at the age of 85.

Monty M. Wyche

Monty Meares Wyche (December 4, 1926–July 28, 2014) was an American judge. He was a judge of the Louisiana 26th Judicial District Court based in Benton. He served from 1969 to 1988.

Wyche had jurisdiction in both Bossier and Webster parishes in the northwestern portion of his state.

Wyche died in Shreveport, Louisiana from a long-illness, aged 86.

Liberal Democratic Party (Australia)

The Liberal Democratic Party (abbreviation as LDP or called the Liberal Democrats) is a political party in Australia. It is a libertarian party. It was started in 2001.

The party previously had one senator, David Leyonhjelm, in the Australian Senate. It also also has two representatives at the local government level in New South Wales and one member each in the New South Wales Legislative Council and the Victorian Legislative Council.

Government of New Zealand

The Government of New Zealand is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy. It is based on the Westminster system.

The head of state in New Zealand is the monarch of the United Kingdom. The monarch is represented by the Governor-General. The head of government is the Prime Minister. He is also a member of the Parliament of New Zealand. The current head of state is King Charles III, King of New Zealand; the current Prime Minister is Christopher Luxon. The Prime Minister is the leader of the Cabinet.

Elections are held every 3 years.

New Zealand has been a self-governing country since 1853.

New Zealand Parliament

The New Zealand Parliament is the legislature of New Zealand. Currently, it has only one chamber, the House of Representatives, which has 120 members.

The parliament was created by the British parliament with the New Zealand Constitution Act 1852. It used to have an upper chamber, the New Zealand Legislative Council, but it was abolished in 1962. There have been several proposals to create a new upper chamber but none have passed into law.

List of political parties in New Zealand

Politicians in New Zealand can belong to one of several political parties. Two of the largest parties are the Labour Party and the National Party.

The following parties have members in the New Zealand Parliament:

The following parties are registered political parties that can stand in elections but currently have no elected members of the New Zealand Parliament:

Wong Tai Sin Temple (Hong Kong)

Wong Tai Sin Temple (黃大仙祠, or literally: "the Temple for Big Deity Wong") is a famous temple in Kowloon, Hong Kong. The temple sits on land of about 18,000 m². This temple holds statue of Wong Chor Ping (黃初平) - a well-known celebrity of southern-China during East Jin Dynasty's time. 



Wong Tai Sin Temple (Guangzhou)

Wong Tai Sin Temple () is a Taoist temple in Huadi County, Fangcun District, Guangzhou. It is dedicated to the Chinese deity Wong Tai Sin. It is a major tourist attraction. This temple is very famous in the Pearl River Delta.

Springfield, Ohio

Springfield is a city in southwestern Ohio. At the 2020 United States Census, 58,662 people lived there. It is the county seat of Clark County.

The city was founded in 1801. It was incorporated in 1827 as a village, and as a city in 1850.

Knowledge of results

Knowledge of results is a term in the psychology of learning. A psychology dictionary defines it as feedback of information:

It describes the situation where a subject gets information which helps them to change behaviour in a desirable way, or to gain understanding. A primitive example is avoiding a behaviour after punishment. An advanced example is the way a human may improve understanding and behaviour after a teacher explains what was wrong with the previous effort.

There are a number of similar terms in psychology, but all of them have some problems.

So, knowledge of results, or sometimes "immediate" knowledge of results, is a useful term. It can be used for any learning where a student (or any animal) gets information after the action. The information is about how satisfactory the action is.

An early experiment on knowledge of results was the machine invented by Sidney Pressey, where a device both tested and taught multiple-choice questions. Note that this method tells the user (by inference) only whether the choice was correct or not. Since the material was multiple choice items, it was only intended as an addition to collecting classroom test scores.

Later work in training research and education used the term "knowledge of results" frequently.

An important question was whether scores would be improved more if direct teaching was given either before or after the question was asked. The answer in both cases was (broadly) yes. Using instructional films, Michael and Maccoby split groups into two halves. Half the students were given material which required active, explicit responses. After a pause, they were told the correct answer. The other half was not given feedback. Instructional time was identical. The result showed a "slight but significant gain" for the active-response procedure without feedback, but more gain when feedback was provided. The experimenters later described this as "KCR" rather than "feedback". Research on the active response itself is summarised in . Later discussion of experiments like these suggested that the results might be due to practice rather than feedback. Undoubtedly, the set-up had given extra practice on the questions as well as knowledge of results. In technical terms, the experiments had confounded the two factors.

Another factor is that knowledge of results may give information to the instructor as to ways the material can be improved. Using a teaching program on decimal arithmetic, an experienced teacher can put student mistakes into types. For example, one group of mistakes are due to the learners not understanding the rules about placement of the point in decimal multiplication. This shows where and how the learning material needs to be revised.

Conscious thought is not necessary for knowledge of results to have its effect. Research on implicit learning shows that complex information can be got by humans without their awareness. This is also shown by experiments on animal learning which show the effects of knowledge of results on later behaviour. It seems likely that unconscious learning by results evolved first in early metazoa, and conscious thought very much later. This is what Reber calls the "primacy of the implicit", meaning implicit (unconscious) learning came first in evolution.

Break Free (song)

"Break Free" is a song by American recording artist Ariana Grande. It features Russian-German musician and producer Zedd. The song is the second single from Ariana Grande's second studio album "My Everything" (2014). It premiered on July 2, 2014 on "Total Ariana Live", which is a revival of the MTV show "Total Request Live", and was released later that day.

"Break Free" made its premiere during the one-day revival of the MTV show "Total Request Live" in a half-hour special titled "Total Ariana Live" on July 2, 2014. Hours after the song's premiere, it was released several hours later. It soon reached number one on the iTunes sales chart.

The music video made its premiere on YouTube on August 12, 2014. It happened an hour after its official announcement was made.It had inspiration from the film Star Wars. It premiered on television three days later on Disney Channel during the premiere of the original movie "How to Build a Better Boy".

The plot consists of Grande on a fictional planet giving up her allegiance to an evil regime and freeing a group of prisoners from their cages. She is then attacked by a giant robot and the planet's overlord. Her character succeeds in killing the villain, and the clip ends with Grande and the prisoners she rescued flying away in a spaceship. The song's producer Zedd makes an appearance.


Metatarsal bones

The metatarsus or metatarsal bones are a group of five long bones in the foot. They are between the tarsal bones of the hind and mid-foot and the phalanges of the toes. 

The metatarsal bones are numbered from the side of the large toe: the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth metatarsal. They can be numbered with Roman numerals. The metatarsals are like the metacarpal bones of the hand.

The metatarsal bones are often broken by soccer players. This may be caused by the lightweight design of modern football boots, which give less protection to the foot. In 2010 some soccer players began testing a new sock that had a rubber silicon pad over the foot to protect the top of the foot.

Michelle Jenneke

Michelle "Shelly" Jenneke (; born on June 23, 1993) is an Australian hurdler and model, who won a silver medal for the 100 meters hurdles at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics. She became well known in 2012 for her dancing before a race.

Jenneke was born in Kenthurst, New South Wales, Australia. She went to The Hills Grammar School. She likes Australian rules football, soccer and handball.

She is learning engineering at Sydney University.

Jenneke has worked with coach Mick Zisti since she was 10 years old at the Cherrybrook Athletics Club. She ran at the 2008 Pacific School Games in the 90 and 200 meters hurdles.

In March 2010, Jenneke won 1st place in the 100 m hurdles and broke the Australian record in the women's sprint medley relay at the 2010 Australian Junior Championships. She ran in the 2011 Pirtek Athletic Allstars event. In July 2010, Jenneke was in Australia's team at the 2010 Singapore Youth Olympic Games, running the 100 meter hurdles and the women's medley relay. In the hurdles, she came in second place with a time of 13.56 seconds, which the fastest she had ever run, and the medley relay team finished in fourth place. Her medal was the first Australia won at the Games in her sport.

In 2011, she ran at the Cooks Classic in New Zealand. At the 2011 Australian Junior Championships, she won first place in hurdles for runners under 20 years old. In April 2011 she ran at the 89th Australian Athletics Championships and came in third place in the 100 meter hurdles behind the world champion Sally Pearson.

On July 15, 2012, Jenneke came in fifth place in the 2012 IAAF World Junior Championships 100 meter hurdles. After the race, a video of her running was put on a video website, and she became well known around the world.

Jenneke was on Australia's 2014 Commonwealth Games team.

In those 2014 Commonwealth Games she set a new personal best time in a race, running it in 13.33 seconds and was 5th place in the final race with a time of 13.36 seconds. Jenneke was the youngest runner in the final race.


In July 2012 videos of Jenneke dancing before a race at the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics in Barcelona went viral on YouTube. One clip received 19 million views by the following week and was featured on the American late night talk show, "The Tonight Show".

Jenneke was in a short funny video made by the website The Chive called "Forever Alone Meets Michelle Jenneke", being herself talking about her viral race video. The "Forever Alone" video had received over ten million views on YouTube by 2014.

In January 2013 Jenneke was tenth on AskMen.com's 99 Most Desirable Women 2013. She was one of the athletes featured in the 2013 "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue".

In 2014 Jenneke was featured in a mobile phone application on stretching techniques called "Stretch with Michelle Jenneke".


Michael Johns (singer)

Michael John Lee (20 October 1978 – 1 August 2014), better known by his stage name Michael Johns, was an Australian singer-songwriter. He was best known for finishing in eighth place on the seventh season of the U.S. television series, "American Idol", in 2008.

Johns was born in Perth, Western Australia. He moved to the United States in 1997. He married Stacey Vuduris in 2007.

Johns died from an ankle blood clot and cardiomyopathy on 1 August 2014 in Tustin, California. He was 35. He was later cremated and his remains were sent back to his native Australia.

Warren Bennis

Warren Gamaliel Bennis (March 8, 1925 – July 31, 2014) was an American scholar, organizational consultant and author. He is thought to be a pioneer of Leadership studies. Bennis was a University Professor and Distinguished Professor of Business Administration and Founding Chairman of The Leadership Institute at the University of Southern California.

Bennis died in Los Angeles, California, aged 89.


Harvey Samuel Firestone

Harvey Samuel Firestone (December 20, 1868 – February 7, 1938) was an American businessman. He was the founder of the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company, one of the first global makers of automobile tires.

Firestone died peacefully at his vacation home in Miami Beach, Florida at the age of 69 from coronary thrombosis.


Columbiana, Ohio

Columbiana is a city in Columbiana and Mahoning Counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 6,559 at the 2020 census.

House of Representatives of New Zealand

The House of Representatives of New Zealand is the only chamber of the New Zealand legislature. The House and the Queen of New Zealand form the Parliament of New Zealand. There are 120 people who are elected to the House, who are called Members of Parliament.

New Zealand follows the Westminster system of government. It is governed by a cabinet and Prime Minister, who are from the party which has a majority in the House of Representatives.

Usually, there are no more than three years between elections in New Zealand. The last elections were in 2011. The next elections are scheduled for 20 September 2014.

C. K. Fauver

Clayton King Fauver (August 1, 1872 – March 3, 1942) was an American football coach during the late 19th century. 

In 1895, he became the first paid coach at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. In 1896, Fauver served as the head coach at Oberlin College, compiling a record of 5–3–1. Fauver was also a Major League pitcher for the Louisville Colonels.

Fauver died from coronary thrombosis in Chatsworth, Georgia, aged 69.

New Zealand Labour Party

The New Zealand Labour Party is a social democratic political party in New Zealand. It is one of the two major parties in New Zealand politics. It was started in 1916, which makes it the oldest of New Zealand's political parties. It is currently the ruling party since 2017.

From the 2008 general elections through 2017 general elections, the Labour Party was the second largest party in the House of Representatives of New Zealand and was the official opposition. The current leader of the party is Prime Minister Chris Hipkins since January 2023.

Nelson, New Zealand

Nelson is a city on New Zealand's South Island. It is on the eastern side of Tasman Bay. It was founded in 1841 and is New Zealand's second oldest city and the oldest city on the South Island. It has a population of 46,437. Abel Tasman National Park, Kahurangi National Park, and Nelson Lakes National Park are all near the city.

The city was named in honor of the British Admiral Horatio Nelson. He defeated both the French and Spanish fleets at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805. Nelson's Māori name is Whakatū. It means to "build', "raise", or "establish".

Early settlement of Nelson began in the 1300s by the Māori. The region was lived in by the Māori. But there were no permanent settlements in the area until the first Europeans arrived in the early 1840s. Queen Victoria made it the seat of an Anglican Bishopric in 1858 and Nelson became a city. The city grew slowly until the 1950s when it developed suburbs. Nelson remains a compact city with most attractions within walking distance. The city's main landmark is Christ Church Cathedral, on Church Hill.


Diocese of Edmonton

The Diocese of Edmonton is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Canada. It is part of the Ecclesiastical Province of Rupert's Land. It covers the central part of Alberta and the headquaters of the diocese is in Edmonton.

The diocese was created in 1913 from part of the Diocese of Calgary. The current bishop of the diocese is Jane Alexander, who became bishop in 2008. The diocese's cathedral is All Saints' Anglican Cathedral in Edmonton.

Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton is a Roman Catholic archdiocese in Alberta. It was created in 1912. The archdiocese covers Central Alberta, Edmonton Capital Region, and the middle and upper half of the Alberta's Rockies region. It has 129 parishes. The archdiocese's cathedral is St. Joseph's Basilica in Edmonton.

The archdiocese has two suffragan dioceses, both located in Alberta: the Diocese of Calgary and the Diocese of Saint Paul.

The current archbishop of Edmonton is Richard William Smith, since 2008.

Andrew Edward McKeever

Andrew Edward McKeever DSO, MC & Bar, DFC (21 August 1894 – 25 December 1919) was a Canadian World War I two-seater flying ace. He is thought to have won 31 battles. He was the highest scoring two seater fighter pilot in the Royal Flying Corps or Royal Air Force.

Thrombosis

Thrombosis (Greek: θρόμβωσις) is the formation of a blood clot (thrombus; Greek: θρόμβος) inside a blood vessel, blocking the flow of blood through the circulatory system. When a blood vessel is injured, the body uses platelets (thrombocytes) and fibrin to form a blood clot to prevent blood loss.

Al Brady

Al Brady (October 25, 1910 – October 12, 1937) was an armed robber and murderer. He became one of the FBI's "Public Enemies" in the 1930s. He and a partner in crime were shot dead in an ambush by FBI agents in downtown Bangor, Maine in 1937. 

Al Brady was born in Indiana in 1910. Both his parents died while he was still young. At age 18, he committed his first robbery in Indianapolis, Indiana. He was shot and wounded. After getting out of jail, he got together with a gang. Using guns, they stole cars and robbed places in Indiana; mostly grocery stores. They murdered a 23-year-old Indianapolis store clerk. Then they killed an Indianapolis policeman. After probably killing another police officer, the gang was put in jail in 1936. Brady and some of the gang escaped from jail and robbed a bank in Goodland, Indiana. While running away, they killed one policeman and injured another.

Brady and his gang ended up hiding out in Bangor, Maine. They had about $5,000 left from their robberies. Brady thought Maine would be an easy place to get guns and ammunition without questions being asked. This was because there are many deer and bear hunters in the area.

In Bangor, Brady began trying to buy automatic weapons at Dakin's Sporting Goods store, in downtown Bangor. On Sept. 21, 1937, Brady asked the owner, Everett Hurd, for 500 rounds of 30 calibre ammunition. Seeing a large amount of cash, the store owner became suspicious. Hurd called the police after taking their order. He told them to return in a few weeks to pick up their guns. 

Brady and his gang came back to the store on October 12, 1937. Many FBI agents were waiting in ambush, inside the store and across the street. One of the gang was caught by an FBI agent in the store. Brady and the other one drew their weapons in the street. They were shot down in a lot of gunfire.

Brady was killed by FBI agent Walter Walsh. Walsh was wounded, and recovered. He lived to be the FBI's oldest retired Special Agent.

Pictures of the bodies lying dead in the middle of the downtown street became locally famous. For many years, they could be looked at in Dakin's store. In the pictures, a large crowd of people is shown. It was Columbus Day, so people were already lining the streets to see a parade before the shooting began.

No one came to get Brady's body, because he did not have any family. He was buried in a grave without a headstone at Mount Hope Cemetery in Bangor. In 2007, the grave was finally marked with a stone, with a short funeral.


Jennifer Morrison

Jennifer Marie Morrison (born April 12, 1979) is an American actress, movie producer and model. She played Emma Swan in ABC's "Once Upon a Time". She also played Dr. Allison Cameron in the series "House".

Morrison was born in Chicago.

Anne Parillaud

Anne Parillaud (b. 6 May 1960) is a French actress. She has appeared in over 30 movies since 1977. She played Nikita in the movie "Nikita". She also played Marie in the horror movie "Innocent Blood".

Parillaud was born in Paris, France.

Civil disobedience act

In December 1929, the Indian National Congress Party agreed to start a movement for complete independence from British rule. The Party decided to start a movement named to disobey British rule. It became the civil disobedience movement. They decided to observe 26th January 1930 as the complete Independence Day. Many other political parties and revolutionaries came together to support this movement. Gandhi started this movement. Thus the civil disobedience movement began, and it soon spread throughout India. Indians started to break unfair laws in a peaceful manner in protest against the British rule. 
1. 

The list of demands was:
1. Prohibition of the use of intoxicants 
2. Change of the rate of land revenue.
3. Abolition of salt tax.
4. Reduction of the rate of land revenue.
5. Reduction of military expenditure.
Miyamoto Musashi

Miyamoto Musashi (c. 1584 – June 13, 1645), was also known as Shinmen Takezō, Miyamoto Bennosuke or, by his Buddhist name, Niten Dōraku. He was a Japanese Samurai and rōnin. Even from a young age Musashi became well known for his excellent swordsmanship and won some sixty duels. He always had money and had a number of other rōnins as followers. Musashi is best known as the author of The Book of Five Rings. It is a book on strategy, tactics, and philosophy. The book is very popular in modern Japan and the western world among successful business people. 

Osamu Dazai

Osamu Dazai (June 19, 1909 – June 13, 1948), was a Japanese author. Dazai was born Tsushima Shūji in Aomori, northeastern Japan. He is best known for his novels "The Setting Sun" (1947) and "No Longer Human" (1948). Dazai wrote a number of novels about the meaning of life, pessimism and alcoholism based on his own private life. Dazai remains the most popular author among Japanese college students.

On June 13 1948, he killed himself with his beloved wife. His corpse was discovered on June 19, his birthday, of the same year. 

Barbara Lawrence

Barbara Lawrence (February 24, 1930 – November 13, 2013) was an American actress, writer, real estate businessperson and model. She played Gertie Cummings in the movie version of "Oklahoma!". She also played Marybelle in "Margie". In 1962, after retiring from acting, she worked in real estate.

Lawrence was born in Carnegie, Oklahoma and died of kidney failure in Los Angeles.

Patricia Anthony

Patricia Anthony (January 3, 1947 – August 2, 2013) was an American science fiction and slipstream author. She published her first science fiction novel, "Cold Allies", in 1992. Other novels include "The Happy Policeman" and "Brother Termite".

She was born in San Antonio, Texas. She died at age sixty-six.

Ebola (disambiguation)

Ebola is the common name of the Ebola virus disease.

It may also refer to:

Marian McPartland

Marian McPartland (born Margaret Turner; 20 March 1918 – 20 August 2013) was an English composer, writer and jazz pianist. She was the host of "Marian McPartland's Piano Jazz" on National Public Radio between 1978 and 2011.

McPartland was born in Slough, Buckinghamshire. She died at 95 of natural causes in Port Washington, New York.

Swordsmanship

Swordsmanship refers to the skills of a "swordsman". It is a modern term mainly used to refer to small sword fencing. But it can also be applied to any martial art involving the use of a sword. The English word "swordsman" is parallel to the Latin word "gladiator". This was a professional fighter who fought against other fighters and others for the entertainment of spectators in the Roman Colosseum. The word "gladiator" itself comes from the Latin word "gladius", meaning "sword". 

Japan's greatest swordsman, Miyamoto Musashi won sixty duels. His classic book on swordsmanship is called the Book of Five Rings, written about 1645.

William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke was called "the greatest knight who ever lived". He was one of England's greatest swordsmen.

Guy Chabot, Seigneur de Jarnac was famous as France's finest swordsman. He won by a slashing blow to his opponent's buttocks so he could no longer stand. Winning a duel using this method has since been called a "coup de Jarnac".

Italo Santelli was a great Italian fencing master (teacher). His fencing styles made Italians the best swordsmen in Europe by the end of the 19th century. He established and taught fencing in Hungary for over fifty years. By the 20th century his Hungarian fencers were the best in Europe. He was given a knighthood for his contributions to the sport in Hungary.



Barry Diamond

Barry Diamond (born November 14, 1951) is an American comedian. He was born in the Bronx, New York City. He released "Fighter Pilot", on IRS Records in 1983. He is also a stand up comedian.

He has also acted in some films and television sitcoms.


Nina Bawden

Nina Bawden (19 January 1925 – 22 August 2012) was a British children's writer. She wrote many books, including "On the Run" (1964) and "Carrie's War" (1973).

Bawden was born in Ilford, Essex. On 22 August 2012 she died at her home in London.

Don Edwards

William Donlon "Don" Edwards (January 6, 1915 – October 1, 2015) was an American politician of the Democratic Party. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from California.

Edwards studied at Stanford University. He was an FBI agent from 1940-1941. He then fought in World War II. 

The Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge is named after him.

Edwards turned 100 in January 2015. He died later that year on October 1, 2015 in Carmel, California.


The Fighter

The Fighter is a 2010 biographical, sports and drama movie. This movie is about professional boxing. Amy Adams plays Charlene. Melissa Leo plays Alice.

Leo received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 2011.

This movie was released on December 10, 2010 in the United States.

Don Edwards (disambiguation)

Don Edwards (1915–2015) was a former U.S. Representative from California.

Don Edwards may also refer to:


Don Edwards (singer)

Don Edwards (March 20, 1939 – October 23, 2022) was an American singer and guitarist. He performed Western music. 

Edwards recorded several albums, two of which, "Saddle Songs" and "Songs of the Cowboy", are included in the Folklore Archives of the Library of Congress. Edwards also performs the song "Coyotes" that plays during the final minutes of the documentary "Grizzly Man".

In 2005, Edwards was inducted into the Western Music Association Hall of Fame.

Edwards died on October 23, 2022, at the age of 83.


Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge

Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge (DESFBANWR) is a US National Wildlife Refuge located in the southern part of San Francisco Bay, California. The Refuge headquarters and visitor center is located in the Baylands district of Fremont, next to Coyote Hills Regional Park, in Alameda County. The visitor center is on Marshlands Rd, off Thornton Ave. It was founded in 1974.

The Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge is one of six wildlife refuges in the San Francisco Bay Area.

It was renamed Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge in 1995 in recognition of Congressman Don Edwards and his efforts to protect sensitive wetlands in south San Francisco Bay.


Happy Tears

Happy Tears is a comedy-drama movie of 2009. The movie is about sisters who help their father with age-related health and mental problems.

The movie was filmed in and around Philadelphia.

It was released in the United States in 2010.

Donald E. Edwards

Major General Donald E. "Don" Edwards (June 15, 1937 – August 16, 2018) was an American general and civil servant. He was the Adjutant General of the State of Vermont. Edwards was born in Bellows Falls, Vermont.

He as the senior uniformed officer in the state and responsible for the organization, training and equipping of nearly 4,000 members of the Vermont Army and Air National Guard. 

From 1975 to 1981, he was a member of the Vermont House of Representatives as a Democrat.

His position as Adjutant General also included appointment as Inspector General and Quartermaster General, and head of the State Military Department, including the Veterans Affairs office.

Edwards served as President of the Adjutants General Association of the United States and was a Vice President of the National Guard Association of the United States.

Edwards lived in South Bristol, Maine and Ashburn, Virginia. He died on August 16, 2018 in South Bristol from respiratory failure at the age of 81.

Ronald

Ronald is a masculine given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ ron-ld ]. Ronald is a name of Scottish origin, derived from the Old Norse name Rögnvaldr, which means "ruler's advisor" or "mighty counselor." The name has been in use since the Middle Ages and has been popularized by various historical figures, including kings, saints, and famous athletes. This name was ranked #563 on the US Popular Names in 2021. Other common forms are Ron, Ronny and Ronnie.


The Bounty Hunter (movie)

The Bounty Hunter is a comedy-action movie of 2010. The movie is about a bounty hunter. He has to retrieve his ex-wife because she didn't go to court after paying bail. Gerard Butler plays Milo Boyd. Jennifer Aniston plays Nicole.

This movie got bad reviews from the critics. It made money anyway.

Indiana, Pennsylvania

Indiana is a borough in and the county seat of Indiana County in the U.S. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The population was 14,044 at the 2020 census. It is the birthplace of actor James Stewart.

Rex (dog)

Rex (December 16, 1984 – August 31, 1998) was a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel. He was owned by Ronald Reagan and his wife Nancy during his term as President of the United States.

After Reagan left office, Rex lived to the age of 13 with the Reagan family before being euthanized after developing an enlarged heart.

Rancho del Cielo

Rancho del Cielo is a 688 acre estate and a ranch that was owned by President Ronald Reagan. It is located at Santa Barbara, California, USA.


George Freese

George Walter Freese (September 12, 1926 – July 27, 2014) was an American baseball player. He was third baseman in Major League Baseball. He played for the Detroit Tigers in 1953, Pittsburgh Pirates in 1955 and Chicago Cubs in 1961. Freese attended West Virginia University, where he played college baseball for the Mountaineers in 1947.

He was later a member of the Cubs coaching staff from 1964 to 1965 and a minor league manager for the Bakersfield Dodgers in 1973-1974.

The older brother of MLB third baseman Gene Freese, George Freese lived in Portland, Oregon, where he played three years of minor league baseball for the Portland Beavers. He was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 2008.

Freese died in Portland, Oregon, aged 87.


Jaan Arder

Jaan Arder (February 26, 1952, Tallinn – July 24, 2014) was an Estonian singer. He was a member of the rock band Apelsin and the early music ensemble Hortus Musicus.

His older brother Ott Arder was a poet, children's writer and translator.

Arder died in Tallinn from cancer, aged 62.

Paul Samuelson

Paul Anthony Samuelson (May 15, 1915 – December 13, 2009) was an American economist of Jewish descent. He was the first American to win the Nobel Prize in Economics. 

The Swedish Royal Academies stated, when awarding the prize, that he "has done more than any other contemporary economist to raise the level of scientific analysis in economic theory". 

Economic historian Randall E. Parker calls him the "Father of Modern Economics", and "The New York Times" thinks of him to be the "foremost academic economist of the 20th century".

Samuelson died after a brief illness on December 13, 2009, at the age of 94.


Belmont, Massachusetts

Belmont is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, a suburb of Boston. It is part of the Boston metropolitan area. Its population was 27,295 at the 2020 census.

Vasculitis

Vasculitis (plural: "vasculitides") is a group of disorders that destroy blood vessels by inflammation. Both arteries and veins are affected. Lymphangitis is sometimes considered a type of vasculitis. Vasculitis is primarily caused by leukocyte migration and resultant damage.

Although both occur in vasculitis, inflammation of veins (phlebitis) or arteries (arteritis) on their own are separate entities.

Delaware, Ohio

The City of Delaware is a city in and the county seat of Delaware County, Ohio, in the United States. Delaware was founded in 1808 and was incorporated in 1816.

It is located near the center of Ohio, is about north of Columbus, and is part of the Columbus, Ohio Metropolitan Area. The population was 41,302 at the 2020 census.

It is the birthplace of 19th President of the United States Rutherford B. Hayes.

Paul George

Paul Clifton Anthony George Jr. (born May 2, 1990) is an American professional basketball player. He plays with the Los Angeles Clippers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). George played high school basketball for Knight High School before playing two seasons of college basketball at Fresno State.

He was drafted by the Pacers as the 10th overall pick of the 2010 NBA draft. In 2013, he was selected to play in his first NBA All-Star Game, received the NBA Most Improved Player Award, and was named to All-NBA Third Team and All-Defensive Second Team.


Kevin Ware

Kevin Douglas Ware (born January 3, 1993) is an American college basketball player. He played for the Louisville Cardinals men's basketball team. Ware spent most of the 2012–13 season backing up starting guards Peyton Siva and Russ Smith. 

Ware received widespread media attention when he broke his right leg and his right tibia bone popped-out of his leg in an Elite Eight game against the Duke Blue Devils on March 31, 2013, when he tried to block a three-point attempt by Tyler Thornton. 

On April 12, 2014, Ware officially transferred to Georgia State University.

Home to You

Home to You is the sixth studio album by John Michael Montgomery. The album was released on May 25, 1999 through Atlantic Records. The album was ranked 16 on billboard.

The album featured the single "Hello L.O.V.E." and "Home to You".

Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds

Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds are an Australian alternative rock/heavy metal band formed in 1983 by vocalist Nick Cave, multi-instrumentalist Mick Harvey and guitarist-vocalist Blixa Bargeld. The band has featured international personnel throughout its career and presently consists of Cave, violinist and multi-instrumentalist Warren Ellis, bassist Martyn P. Casey (all from Australia), guitarist George Vjestica (United Kingdom), keyboardist/percussionist Toby Dammit (United States) and drummers Thomas Wydler (Switzerland) and Jim Sclavunos (United States). Described as "one of the most original and celebrated bands of the post-punk and alternative rock eras in the '80s and onward", they have released seventeen studio albums and completed numerous international tours.

The band was founded following the demise of Cave and Harvey's former group the Birthday Party, the members of which met at a boarding school in Melbourne. Throughout the 1980s, beginning with their debut LP "From Her to Eternity" (1984), the band drew largely on post-punk, blues and gothic rock, and brought in musicians such as Blixa Bargeld, Barry Adamson and Kid Congo Powers. The band later softened their sound and incorporated other influences on albums such as "The Good Son" (1990) and "The Boatman's Call" (1997). Following Harvey's departure in 2009, the band broadened their sound further to include electronic and ambient styles, which feature prominently on the trilogy of albums "Push the Sky Away" (2013), "Skeleton Tree" (2016) and "Ghosteen" (2019).

The project that later evolved into Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds began following the demise of The Birthday Party in August 1983. Both Cave and Harvey were members of the Birthday Party, along with guitarist Rowland S. Howard and bassist Tracy Pew. During the recording sessions of the Birthday Party's scheduled EPs "Mutiny/The Bad Seed", internal disputes developed in the band.


River Plate Montevideo

Club Atlético River Plate is a football club which plays in Uruguay. The club formed from a merger of two football clubs ; Club Atlético Olimpia and Club Atlético Capurro in 1932.

Bill Moyers

Bill D. Moyers (born June 5, 1934) is an American journalist and public commentator. He served as White House Press Secretary in the Johnson administration from 1965 to 1967. He also worked as a network TV news commentator for ten years.

Moyers was born Billy Don Moyers in Hugo, Oklahoma.


Thomas Delahanty

Thomas K. Delahanty (born c. 1934) is a retired District of Columbia Metropolitan Police Department officer who was wounded during the assassination attempt on U.S. President Ronald Reagan on March 30, 1981, in Washington, D.C.. Delahanty was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Timothy McCarthy

Timothy J. McCarthy (born June 20, 1949) is an American police officer. He is the current police chief of Orland Park, Illinois, and a former member of the United States Secret Service. During the 1981 Reagan assassination attempt, he turned into the line of fire, shielding Ronald Reagan from one of John Hinckley, Jr.'s .22 caliber bullets.

Surgeons at George Washington University Hospital successfully removed the round from McCarthy's abdomen, and he fully recovered. McCarthy is one of only four Secret Service agents to have taken a bullet for the President. He received the NCAA Award of Valor in 1982 in recognition of his bravery.

In July 2016, McCarthy was named interim Village Manager of Ashburn in Chicago. 

Jerry Parr

Jerry S. Parr (September 16, 1930 - October 9, 2015) was a Secret Service Agent. He was one of the agents protecting President Reagan on the day of his assassination attempt on March 30, 1981.

Parr's interest in joining the Secret Service originated as a boy after watching "Code of the Secret Service" (1939) starring Ronald Reagan as agent "Brass" Bancroft.

Parr died of congestive heart failure in Washington, D.C. on October 9, 2015, aged 85.

James Thompson (author)

James Thompson (16 October 1964 – 2 August 2014) was an American-Finnish crime writer. He was born in Kentucky and grew up in Lahti. He had a master's degree in English philology from the University of Helsinki. He also studied Finnish and was fluent in it. He studied six languages. He published four crime novels with the Finnish inspector Kari Vaara as the protagonist.

Thompson died in Lahti, Finland, aged 49.

Miangul Aurangzeb

Miangul Aurangzeb (Urdu/Pashto: ميانگل اووررنگزيب) (28 May 1928 – 3 August 2014) is a PakistanI politician. He served in the National Assembly of Pakistan and as governor of Balochistan and subsequently as governor of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa.

Aurangzeb died in Islamabad, Pakistan, aged 86.


Trainspotting (movie)

Trainspotting is a 1996 British crime comedy drama movie. It is based on the novel of the same name by Irvine Welsh. This movie is about heroin addicts in late 1980s Edinburgh. The movie's cast includes Ewan McGregor, Ewen Bremner, Jonny Lee Miller, Kevin McKidd, Robert Carlyle and Kelly Macdonald.

This movie was released in February 1996 in the United Kingdom, and July 1996 in the United States.

A sequel, "T2 Trainspotting", released in 2017.

Kelly Macdonald

Scottish actress best known for her role as Margaret Thompson in Boardwalk Empire (2010-2014). She had also appeared in films such as Nanny McPhee (2005), Gosford Park (2001), and as the voice of Merida in Brave (2012).

IPad (3rd generation)

The third generation iPad (sold as The new iPad, sometimes called the iPad 3) is a tablet computer that is made and sold by Apple Inc. It added new features, such as a Retina display, a new Apple A5X processor, a 5 megapixel camera, 1080p video recording, and support for LTE networks in North America.

IPad Mini (1st generation)

The first generation iPad Mini (sold as iPad mini) is a tablet computer that is made and sold by Apple Inc. It is the first of the iPad Mini line of mini tablet computers. It has a screen size of 7.9 inches, compared to the 9.7 inch screen on a regular iPad. It was released on November 2, 2012. It received many good reviews, with reviewers talking about the device's size, design, and the number of applications that are available.

It was succeeded by the second generation iPad Mini in 2013. The first generation iPad Mini is no longer being sold. The first generation iPad mini was discontinued in 2015.

Jersey Shore shark attacks of 1916

The Jersey Shore shark attacks of 1916 were a series of brutal shark attacks along the coast of New Jersey between July 1 and July 12, 1916. Four people were killed and one gravely injured. The attacks left the world in shock and sharks stereotyped as bloodthirsty killers.

Since 1916, scholars have debated which shark species was responsible and the number of animals involved. The Great white shark and the Bull shark are mostly thought to be the shark species being blamed for the attack. The attacks happened during a deadly summer heat wave and polio epidemic in the Northeastern United States. It drove thousands of people to the seaside resorts of the Jersey Shore. 

The shark attack led many meetings about public awareness in congress by the United States House of Representatives and by President of the United States Woodrow Wilson.

Shark attacks on the Atlantic Coast of the United States outside the semitropical states of Florida, Georgia, and the Carolinas were rare, but scholars believe that the increased presence of sharks and humans in the water led to the attacks in 1916. 

Sharks have ever since been hunted and overfished. 

Timeline: July 1st, 1916, as he takes a afternoon swim, 25 year old Charles Vansant's leg is almost torn off by a shark. He is escorted from the water and dies a little later as he resides in Engleside Hotel. 5 days later Charles Bruder is out swimming far from the shore. His legs are torn off and he dies from shock and blood loss in a hospital.

Raymond Davis Jr.

Raymond (Ray) Davis, Jr. (October 14, 1914 – May 31, 2006) was an American chemist and physicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2002. He was awarded the prize for the detection of cosmic neutrinos, looking at the solar neutrino problem in the Homestake Experiment. He was 88 years old when awarded the prize.

Davis, Jr. died in Blue Point, New York from Alzheimer's disease, aged 91.


Riccardo Giacconi

Riccardo Giacconi (October 6, 1931 – December 9, 2018) was an Italian-American astrophysicist and educator. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2002. He was awarded the prize because he laid the foundations of X-ray astronomy. He was a professor at the Johns Hopkins University.

Giacconi died on December 9, 2018 in San Diego, California, aged 87.

USS Indianapolis (CA-35)

USS "Indianapolis" (CA-35) was a heavy cruiser of the United States Navy. She was named for the city of Indianapolis, Indiana.

On 30 July 1945, after delivering parts for the first atomic bomb to the United States air base at Tinian, the ship was torpedoed by the Imperial Japanese Navy submarine "I-58". It sank in 12 minutes. Of 1,196 crewmen aboard, approximately 300 went down with the ship.

The remaining 900 faced exposure, dehydration, saltwater poisoning, and shark attacks while floating with few lifeboats and almost no food or water. The Navy learned of the sinking when survivors were spotted four days later by the crew of a PV-1 Ventura on routine patrol. Only 317 survived.

USS Chicago (SSN-721)

USS "Chicago" (SSN-721) is a submarine, the fourth ship of the United States Navy to be named for the city of Chicago, Illinois. 

The contract to build her was awarded to Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company in Newport News, Virginia on 13 August 1981 and her keel was laid down on 5 January 1983. She was launched on 13 October 1984.

Cleveland, Mississippi

Cleveland is a city in Bolivar County, Mississippi. The population was 11,199 as of the 2020 census.

Ohio Valley Conference

The Ohio Valley Conference (OVC) is an American that plays in the NCAA Division I. In football, the OVC is part of Division I FCS, the lower of two levels of Division I football. The member universities and colleges are in Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Missouri, and Tennessee. The OVC has its offices in the Nashville suburb of Brentwood, Tennessee.

The OVC grew out of talks between officials at three Kentucky schools—Eastern Kentucky, Murray State, and Western Kentucky—in 1941. America's entry into World War II later that year put these talks on hold for several years. Later, in 1948, the three original schools joined with two other Kentucky schools, plus one in Indiana, to form the conference.

It was one of the first conferences with a presence in the South to accept black athletes at historically white-only schools, with Morehead State being the first OVC member to do so in 1958. The OVC was long notable as being the only conference made up of traditionally white schools to have a historically black university (Tennessee State) as a member. That changed when Hampton and North Carolina A&T left the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference for the Big South Conference, respectively in 2018 and 2021. (Both moved together to the Colonial Athletic Association in 2022.)

The OVC has had major membership changes in recent years. In 2021, it lost founding member Eastern Kentucky, plus Jacksonville State, to the ASUN Conference. A year later, three more members left, with Austin Peay moving to the ASUN, and founding member Murray State and Belmont joining the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC). However, since the MVC does not play football, Murray State played the 2022 football season in the OVC before moving the football team to the Missouri Valley Football Conference in 2023. (The MVFC is separate from, but closely related to, the MVC.) Murray State remained a member in rifle after it otherwise left the OVC.

The OVC responded by adding three new members in 2022 and one in 2023. The University of Arkansas at Little Rock, athletically known as Little Rock, joined from the Sun Belt Conference. It does not have a football team. The other new members started transitions from NCAA Division II. Lindenwood University plays football; the University of Southern Indiana does not. In 2023, Western Illinois University joined from the Summit League for almost all of its sports. It kept football in the Missouri Valley Football Conference and men's soccer in the Summit League for the 2023–24 school year, and will move both sports to the OVC in 2024.

In February 2022, the OVC and Big South announced they would merge their football leagues after the 2022 season. The merged entity was later unveiled as the Big South–OVC Football Association, technically an alliance between the two conferences instead of a full merger of the football leagues. The alliance has a single automatic berth in the FCS playoffs. Also, shortly after the 2022 membership changes took effect, the OVC and Horizon League merged their men's tennis leagues under the Horizon's banner.

The OVC has 11 full members. Six of these schools play football in the Big South–OVC alliance; two play football in another conference; and three do not play football at all. All members are public schools except for 2022 arrival Lindenwood.

The OVC now has six "associate" members—i.e., schools that play a small number of sports in the conference, usually one. The most recent changes to the associate membership were the departure of Murray State football to the Missouri Valley Football Conference after the 2022 football season and the addition of four associates in July 2023. All four of the new associates joined in the newly sponsored OVC sport of men's soccer, and one of those also joined for men's and women's golf.

Fourteen schools have been full members, but are no longer in the league. Former full member Murray State remains an OVC associate member.

The OVC has had one prior associate member that left when it folded its only OVC sports team. A second school was an OVC associate in two sports in 2022–23, but now only houses one sport in the OVC.

2014 WTA Tour

The Women's Tennis Association (WTA) Tour is the number one tier professional tennis tour for a women's tennis competition. The 2014 WTA Tour calendar consists of the four Grand Slam tournaments (organised by the International Tennis Federation (ITF)), and fifty regular tournaments, the Fed Cup (organised by the ITF), and the year-end championships (the WTA Tournament of Champions and the WTA Tour Championships). Also included in the 2014 calendar is the Hopman Cup, which does not distribute ranking points, and is organised by the ITF. The season begins on 30 December 2013 and will end on 9 November 2014.

The tournaments are played on a squared flat surface, called a tennis court. The measurements of a tennis court are described and monitored by the ITF and the court is long, wide. Its width is for singles matches and for doubles matches. Tennis is played on a variety of court types and each type has its own aspects that control how the sport is played. There are four main types of courts based on what's used to build the court surface, clay, hard, grass and carpet courts with the ITF rating five different speed ratings from slow to fast.


Cornetfish

Cornetfish are a small family of elongated fishes in the order Syngnathiformes. This family has only one genus, Fistularia, with four species. They live all over the world in tropical and subtropical marine environments.

Cornetfish are thin and rather long. They may be as long as 6.6 feet.

They usually live around coastal waters or coral reefs.

Opah

Opahs (moonfish, kingfish, or sunfish) are large, colorful fish. They are in a small family, the Lampridae. The family has only two living species in one genus, Lampris. The opah is the only known fish that is completely warm-blooded.

One species lives in tropical or temperate waters in most oceans. The other species lives in the Southern Ocean. Opahs are not often caught by recreational fishermen. Opah flesh has a light pink-to-orange color. The flesh turns white when cooked. 


D. T. Suzuki

D.T. Suzuki (鈴木 大拙 貞太郎 Suzuki Daisetsu Teitarō, 18 October 1870 – 12 July 1966) was a Japanese philosopher and writer.

His books and essays were on Buddhism, Zen and Shin. They spread interest in Eastern philosophy to the West. Suzuki was also a prolific translator of Chinese, Japanese, and Sanskrit literature. He taught at Western universities, and spent many years as a professor at Otani University.

These essays were enormously influential when they came out, making Zen known in the West for the very first time:

Shortly after, a second series followed:

After WWII, a new interpretation:

Miscellaneous:

Crevalle jack

The crevalle jack ("Caranx hippos"), also known as the common jack, black-tailed trevally, couvalli jack, black cavalli, jack crevale, or yellow cavalli, is a species of large ocean fish. It lives all across the North Atlantic Ocean, from Canada to Uruguay. It also lives in waters off Europe and parts of Africa.

The crevalle jack usually eats small fish.

Trainspotting

Trainspotting may be:


Dodge Ram

The Ram Pickup (previously Dodge Ram) is a full-size pickup truck made by Chrysler. They used to be made by Dodge.

The name "Ram" was first used in 1981 on the redesigned Dodge trucks. These trucks are named for a ram hood ornament.

Dodge D Series

The D Series were pickup trucks made by the Dodge division of Chrysler. These were made from 1961 to 1980. From 1981 on, these trucks were renamed Dodge Ram.

The same basic designs were kept through 1993. The 1994 Ram had a completely different design.

Nairo Quintana

Nairo Alexander Quintana Rojas, ODB, (born 4 February 1990) is a Colombian professional cyclist. He rides for Team Movistar. He is a specialist climber. In 2014 he won the Giro d'Italia. In 2013 he won the polka dot jersey at the Tour de France.

In 2012, he moved to Europe to join the Spanish Movistar Team. He won the Vuelta a Murcia and also won the Critérium du Dauphiné, the Route du Sud and the Giro dell'Emilia. At the Vuelta a Espana, he helped his teammate Alejandro Valverde finish in second place overall.

In 2013, Quintana won the Tour of the Basque Country and the Vuelta a Burgos.

At the 2013 Tour de France, Quintana attacked on the mountain stages and finished second overall. He also won the Young Riders Jersey and the Polka dot jersey competition for the best climber. 

He won the Tour de San Luis and came second overall at Tirreno-Adriatico.

Because of the high mountains included in the 2014 Giro d'Italia, Quintana decided to try to win the Giro instead of racing in the Tour de France. He didn't begin the Giro very well, but rode strongly in the final week and won the race. As well as winning overall, Quintana won the white jersey for best young rider.





Saeed Saleh

Ismail Yasin (also credited as "Sa'eed Saleh Ibrahim"; ) (July 31, 1938 – August 1 2014) was an Egyptian comedian and actor. Saleh was known for his roles in "Nos arnab", "Salam Ya Sahby", "Al-Suqout Fi Bir Sabe", and in "Ameer Al-Zalaam".

Saleh was born in Monufia, Egypt. He earned his bachelor of arts degree from Cairo University in 1960. Saleh died in Cairo, Egypt in bronchopneumonia, aged 76.

Walter Massey

Walter Edward Hart Massey (August 19, 1928 - August 4, 2014) was a Canadian actor. He was best known for voicing Principal Herbert Haney on the animated series "Arthur" and The Doctor in the English version of "The Mysterious Cities of Gold". 

He also played Dr. Donald Stewart on the 90's version of "Lassie". He had numerous roles on stage, movies, and television for more than five decades. He was related to actor Raymond Massey.

Massey died in Montreal, Quebec from an unknown illness, aged 85.

Vladimir Orlov

Vladimir Viktorovich Orlov (, 31 August 1936 – 5 August 2014) was a Russian novelist, notable for his fantasy novel "Danilov, the violist". In 1990s and the 2000s, Orlov was teaching at the Maxim Gorky Literature Institute in Moscow. Orlov was born in Moscow, Russia.

Orlov died in Moscow from a heart attack, aged 77.

Yoshiki Sasai

In 2012, Sasai became the first stem cell researcher to grow an optic cup from human cells.

On August 5, 2014, he was found dead hanging at the RIKEN institute in Kobe, Hyōgo. It is believed that he committed suicide.

Jesse Leonard Steinfeld

Jesse Leonard Steinfeld (6 January 1927 – 5 August 2014) was an American physician and public health official. He was appointed the eleventh Surgeon General of the United States from 1969 to 1973.

Steinfeld died on 5 August 2014 from complications from a stroke in Pomona, California, aged 87.

Harold J. Greene

Major General Harold Joseph "Harry" Greene (February 11, 1959August 5, 2014) was an American military man. He was a member of the United States Army.

Greene was killed after being shot by an Afghan soldier while making a routine visit to a training facility. When he died, he became the highest ranking American casualty of the War in Afghanistan. He was also the highest ranking member of the milary to die because of hostile forces since the attack on the Pentagon on September 11, 2001. Green is the highest ranking US military person to die in combat in another country Rear Admiral Rembrandt C. Robinson was killed during the Vietnam War in May 1972.

Marilyn Burns

Marilyn Burns (May 7, 1949 – August 5, 2014) was an American actress. 

Burns was born in Erie, Pennsylvania and raised in Houston, Texas. 

She was best known for her roles in Tobe Hooper's horror cult movies "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" (1974) and in "Eaten Alive" (1977). She is also known for playing Linda Kasabian in the three-time Emmy-nominated miniseries "Helter Skelter" (1976).

Burns was found dead by family members at her Houston home, aged 65. A cause of death was not given at the time, but her death was confirmed to be from a heart attack.


Bernard Lewis

Bernard Lewis, FBA (May 31, 1916 – May 19, 2018) was a British-American historian. He worked in the oriental studies. He was also known as a public intellectual and political commentator.

Lewis died on May 19, 2018, at the age of 101, in Voorhees Township, New Jersey twelve days before his 102nd birthday.


Ian Turpie

Ian Bruce Turpie (6 November 1943 – 11 March 2012) was an Australian actor and television and presenter. He was best known for hosting the Australia version of the long-running game show "The New Price Is Right".

Turpie died in Narraweena, New South Wales, Australia from throat cancer, aged 68.


Bernard Hepton

Bernard Hepton (born Francis Bernard Heptonstall, 19 October 1925 – 27 July 2018) was a British actor of stage, movie and television. Hepton is known for his roles in "Colditz", "Secret Army", "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy", "Get Carter", and in "I, Claudius".

Hepton died on 27 July 2018 at the age of 92.

Theodore Van Kirk

Theodore Van Kirk (February 27, 1921 – July 28, 2014) was an American military personal. He was the navigator of the United States Army Air Forces. 

He was best known as the navigator of the "Enola Gay" when they dropped the first atomic bomb on Hiroshima. Van Kirk was the last surviving member of the "Enola Gay" crew.

Van Kirk died on July 28, 2014 in Stone Mountain, Georgia from natural causes, aged 93.


Northumberland, Pennsylvania

Northumberland is a borough in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 3,911 at the 2020 census.

Erik Estrada

Henry Enrique "Erik" Estrada (born March 16, 1949) is an American actor and reserve police officer. He is best known for his co-starring lead role in the 1977–1983 American police television series "CHiPs".

Estrada was a contestant in the second season of "The Surreal Life".


Stone Mountain, Georgia

Stone Mountain is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, in the United States. The population was 6,703 at the 2020 census. Stone Mountain is located in the eastern part of Dekalb County and is a suburb of the Atlanta, Georgia. It was host to some 1996 Olympic Games events and is home to Stone Mountain.

Centennial Olympic Park bombing

The Centennial Olympic Park bombing was a terrorist bomb attack on the Centennial Olympic Park in Atlanta, Georgia on July 27 during the 1996 Summer Olympics. The blast claimed 1 life and injured 111 people, while another person died of a heart attack. 

It was the first of four bombings committed by Eric Robert Rudolph. Security guard Richard Jewell discovered the bomb before detonation and cleared most of the spectators out of the park. 

Rudolph, a carpenter and handyman, had detonated three pipe bombs inside an ALICE Pack. He was against abortion, and he wanted to force the cancellation of the Olympics.

After the bombings, Jewell was implicated as a suspect by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The news media focused aggressively on him as the presumed culprit. However, in October 1996, Jewell was cleared of all charges. Following three more bombings in 1997, Rudolph was identified by the FBI as the suspect. 

In 2003, Rudolph was arrested and tried before being convicted two years later. Rudolph was sentenced to life imprisonment without parole for his crimes.

Ripon, Wisconsin

Ripon [ɹɪpɘn] is a city in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 7,733 at the 2010 census. Ripon is often called the "Birthplace of the Republican Party" because this is where the political party was founded.

Ralph Branca

Ralph Theodore Joseph Branca (January 6, 1926 – November 23, 2016) was an American baseball player. He was a former starting pitcher in Major League Baseball. From 1944 through 1956, Branca played for the Brooklyn Dodgers (1944–53, 1956), Detroit Tigers (1953–54), and New York Yankees (1954).

Branca died on the morning of November 23, 2016 at a nursing home in Rye Brook, New York, aged 90.


Max Gail

Maxwell Trowbridge "Max" Gail, Jr. (born April 5, 1943) is an American actor. He has starred in stage, television, and movie roles. He most known for his role as Detective Stan "Wojo" Wojciehowicz on the television sitcom "Barney Miller".

Gail was born in Detroit, Michigan. He was raised in Grosse Ile, Michigan. Gail studied at Williams College and at University Liggett School.

Gail's first wife, Willie Bier, died of cancer in 1986. They have a daughter, India. He married his second wife, Nan in 1989. They have two children, Maxwell and Grace. Gail has a twin sister, actress Mary Gail.

Gail recently starred in the 2013 biopic movie "42".

Anton Drexler

Anton Drexler (13 June 1884 – 24 February 1942) was a German nationalist and socialist political leader of the 1920s. 

He was instrumental in the formation of the pan-German and anti-Semitic German Workers' Party ("Deutsche Arbeiterpartei" - DAP), the antecedent of the Nazi Party ("Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei" - NSDAP). 

Drexler served as mentor to Adolf Hitler during his early days in politics and helped in making and developing the NSDAP 25 points manifesto when when the Nazi Party was founded in 1920. 

After retiring from politics Dexler died in Munich in February 1942 after a lengthy illness due to alcoholism.

Pran Kumar Sharma

Pran Kumar Sharma (15 August 1938 – 5 August 2014), better known as Pran, was an Indian cartoonist. He was best known as the creator of "Chacha Chaudhary" (1971). He also created other characters like Shrimatiji, Pinki, Billoo, Raman, and Channie Chachi. 

Sharma died on August 5, 2014 at the age of 75 in Gurgaon, India from colon cancer.


Carlos Santana

Carlos Santana (born July 20, 1947) is a Mexican-American musician. He first became famous in the late 1960s and early 1970s with his band, Santana. They played a fusion of rock and Latin American music. 

Santana continued to work in these forms over the following decades. He had many critical acclaim in the late 1990s. In 2003 "Rolling Stone" magazine listed Santana at number 20 on their list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time.

He has won 10 Grammy Awards and three Latin Grammy Awards.

Santana married Deborah King in 1973, with whom he had three children. Santana founded a not-for-profit organization, the Milagro ("Miracle") Foundation, which provides financial aid for educational, medical, and other needs.


Kristin Chenoweth

Kristin Dawn Chenoweth (; born July 24, 1968) is an American singer and actress. 

Chenoweth has been on Broadway in "Scapin" (Hyacinth), "Steel Pier" (Precious McGuire), "You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown" (Sally Brown), "Epic Proportions" (Louise Goldman), "Wicked" (Glinda Upland), "The Apple Tree" (Eve/Princess Barbara/Ella/Passionella), "Promises, Promises" (Fran Kubelik), and "On the 20th Century" (Lily Garland). She won a Tony Award for "You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown" and was nominated for "Wicked" and "On the 20th Century."

Off-Broadway Chenoweth was in "The Box Office of the Damned" (Kristy), "Dames at Sea" (Ruby), "The Fantasticks" (Luisa), "A New Brain" (Nancy D/Waitress), and "Love, Loss, and What I Wore" (Woman). She also played Christine Daae on the German tour of "Phantom". At Encores! she appeared in "Strike Up the Band", "Stairway to Paradise", "Music in the Air", "The Apple Tree", and "On a Clear Day You Can See Forever".

On TV Chenoweth played Lily St. Regis in the movie "Annie", Kristin Yancey on the show "Kristin", Marian Paroo in the movie "The Music Man", Annabeth Schott on "The West Wing", Cunegonde in the filmed musical "Candide" which was put on "Great Performances", Ms. Noodle on "Sesame Street", Olive Snook on "Pushing Daisies", E.J. Baxter in the movie "Twelve Men of Christmas", Miracle Grohe on "Sit Down, Shut Up", Skippy Pylon in the movie "Legally Mad", April Rhodes on "Glee", Carlene Cockburn on "GCB", and Maleficent in the movie "Descendants". She was nominated for an Emmy Award for season 1 of "Pushing Daisies", and won one for the second season. She was also nominated for the first two seasons of "Glee."

Chenoweth has appeared in movies, too, including "Bewitched" (Maria Kelly), "The Pink Panther" (Cherie), "RV" (Mary Jo Gornicke), "Deck the Halls" (Tia Hall), "Stranger than Fiction" (Book Channel Host), "Tinkerbell" (Rosetta), "Tinkerbell and the Lost Treasure" (Rosetta), "Into Temptation" (Linda Salerno), "Tinkerbell and the Great Fairy Rescue" (Rosetta), "Hit and Run" (Debby Kreeger), "Family Weekend" (Samantha Smith-Dungy), "Rio 2" (Gabi), "The Boy Next Door" (Vicky Lansing), "Strange Magic" (Sugar Plum Fairy), "The Peanuts Movie" (Fifi), and "" (Princess Skystar). She was nominated for a Razzie for "Deck the Halls", "The Pink Panther", and "RV".

Chenoweth has done two tours: "Kristin Chenoweth in Concert" and "Coming Home Tour", and has done solo shows at Carnegie Hall and Royal Albert Hall. She has a concert DVD called "Coming Home", and five albums; "Let Yourself Go", "As I Am", "A Lovely Way to Spend Christmas", "Some Lessons Learned", and "Coming Home", which peaked at #48 on the US charts.


Mark Tymchyshyn

Mark Tymchyshyn (born July 30, 1958) is an American actor. He is best known for his role in "George Lopez" as Mel Powers, a factory owner. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Finless porpoise

The finless porpoise is a marine mammal. It is a species related to dolphins and whales. It lives in shallow water on the coast of Asia from the Persian Gulf to Japan. It also lives in Yangtze, Gan and Xiang rivers. Unlike other dolphins, it lacks a dorsal fin.


Elizabeth Sellars

Elizabeth Sellars (6 May 1921 – 30 December 2019) was a British actress. She was known for her roles in "The Barefoot Contessa" (1954), "The Day They Robbed the Bank of England" (1960), and "The Chalk Garden" (1964). She retired in 1990.

Sellars was born in Glasgow, Scotland. She studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. Sellars was married to Francis Austin Henley from 1960 until his death in 2009. Sellars died in Claviers (Var), France on 30 December 2019 at the age of 98.

Freddie Prinze Jr.

Freddie James Prinze, Jr. (; born March 8, 1976), is an American actor, filmmaker and television producer and director.

Prinze, Jr. was born in Los Angeles, California. His father is of German and Puerto Rican descent and His mother is of Austrian, English, German, Irish, Scottish and Swiss descent. He was raised Roman Catholic.

He is known for his roles in "Scream" (1996), "I Know What You Did Last Summer" (1997) and its sequel, "I Still Know What You Did Last Summer" (1998), as well as "She's All That" (1999), "Summer Catch" (2001), "Scooby-Doo" (2002), "" (2004), and "Delgo" (2008). Prinze has also had acting roles in television shows, including "Friends" (2002), "Freddie" (2005–06) and "24" (2010).

Prinze is married to actress Sarah Michelle Gellar. They have two children. Prinze, Jr. now works for WWE as a producer and director.

Prinze was cast in a guest role on the ABC TV series Family Matters in 1995. He then appeared in a few programs and made-for-TV movies, before making his motion picture debut in To Gillian on Her 37th Birthday in 1996. In subsequent years, Prinze experienced success with appearances in youth-oriented movies. Scream (1996), I Know What You Did Last Summer (1997) and its sequel, I Still Know What You Did Last Summer (1998), made him well-known among teenage audiences. In his first leading role, the romantic comedy She's All That (1999), he was very successful at the box office. The film grossed $63 million in the United States.

Subsequently, he had leading roles in Wing Commander (1999), Down to You (2000), Boys and Girls (2000), Head over Heels (2001) and Summer Catch (2001), most of which were generally disliked by critics and had moderate box office success.
Freddie Prinze Jr. at the 2009 San Diego Comic-Con
In 2002, he played Fred Jones in the live-action film version of the popular cartoon, Scooby-Doo, and reprised the role in the 2004 sequel, Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed, both alongside his wife Sarah Michelle Gellar and his friend Matthew Lillard. He guest starred on the popular NBC show, Friends, as a sensitive male nanny named Sandy on the series' 200th episode. He also appeared as Donny Crane, a character believed to be Denny Crane's son in the ABC legal drama-comedy Boston Legal. Prinze starred in his own television sitcom, titled Freddie. The sitcom is said to depict some actual events from his life, and lasted one season before being canceled in May 2006. He guest starred on George Lopez for a crossover with Freddie. In 2004, Prinze accepted a special award from TV Land on behalf of his late father. He thanked his father's former co-star, Della Reese, for her continued advice and support. In 2006, he lent his voice to the character of Pi in the computer-animated film Shark Bait. Also in 2007, he lent his voice to the character of Rick in Happily N'Ever After along with his wife Gellar, Wallace Shawn, Andy Dick, George Carlin, and Sigourney Weaver. In 2008, he auditioned for Jigsaw in Punisher: War Zone, but was not given the part at the decision of Lionsgate Studios. He later voice titular character in animation movie Delgo.[12] In 2010, Prinze guest starred on Psych as Dennis, a grade school friend of Shawn Spencer and Burton Guster.

Stockbridge, Massachusetts

Stockbridge is a town in Berkshire County in western Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts, Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 2,018 at the 2020 census.

Stockbridge is the home of "Alice's Restaurant". It became well known in a song by Arlo Guthrie, on an album he made in 1967. The words to the song say the town of Stockbridge has "three stop signs, two police officers and one police car".

Ariana Grande

Ariana Grande-Butera (; born June 26, 1993) is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. From 2010 to 2013, she played Cat Valentine on the Nickelodeon sitcom "Victorious". She played that role again on the spin-off "Sam & Cat" (2013–14). 

In 2013, she released her first studio album, "Yours Truly". It became her first number one album in the United States. Her second studio album, "My Everything", was released on August 25, 2014. 

Her third studio album, "Dangerous Woman", was released May 20, 2016. 

In 2017, her concert was bombed in the Manchester attacks in England.

In 2019, Grande released her fifth studio album "Thank U, Next". In 2020, she released her sixth studio album "Positions".

In 2021, Grande was the new coach in the first season of "The Voice".

In 2024, she released her seventh studio album, eternal sunshine.

Ariana Grande-Butera was born on June 26, 1993 (Saturday), in Boca Raton, Florida. She is the daughter of Joan Grande and Edward Butera. Grande is of Italian descent. Her family moved from New York to Florida before her birth. Her parents separated when she was eight or nine years old.

Before her appearance on Nickelodeon, Grande played in the musical "13" as Charlotte in 2008 and later won an award for playing that role. From 2010 to 2013, Grande played the role of Cat Valentine in the Nickelodeon show "Victorious". In August 2012, it was announced that "Victorious" would not be returning after three seasons. However, later that month, Nickelodeon announced a spin-off show called "Sam & Cat". It included Grande from "Victorious" with Jennette McCurdy, who played Sam Puckett from "iCarly". They would replay their roles.

Even though "Sam & Cat" was a success for Nickelodeon, the show was cancelled on July 13, 2014 because of Grande's musical career and other problems. The final episode aired on July 17.

Grande spent three years recording her first studio album, "Yours Truly". She completed the album, originally titled "Daydreamin", in June 2013. It was released on August 30, 2013. In September 2013, it officially debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, with 138,000 copies sold in its first week and made Grande the first female artist (since Kesha) to have her first album debut at the top of the charts—and the fifteenth female artist overall. The first single from the album, "The Way" (featuring Pittsburgh rapper Mac Miller), was released on March 26, 2013. It sold 120,000 units in the first 48 hours of its release, and then it went on to sell over 219,000 units in its opening week. "Baby I" and "Right There" were also released as singles from her first album.

In January 2014, Grande started working on her second studio album. She finished the album in late March 2014. The first single from the album is "Problem", and it features Australian rapper Iggy Azalea. It premiered at the 2014 Radio Disney Music Awards on April 27. The second single from the album, called "Break Free" (featuring Russian-German producer Zedd) premiered on July 2 during a one-day revival episode of the MTV show "Total Request Live", named "Total Ariana Live". On June 28, 2014, Grande announced that the title of her second studio album to be "My Everything". It was released on August 25.

Her third studio album, "Dangerous Woman", was released May 20, 2016. The album debuted at number two on the US "Billboard" 200, earning 175,000 album-equivalent units in its first week, with 129,000 coming from pure sales. It was her first album to not hit number-one in the country. The lead single "Dangerous Woman" was released on March 11, 2016. It went to number eight on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The second single "Into You" went to number 13 and the third single "Side to Side" went to number four on the chart. The album received generally positive reviews from critics. To promote the album, Grande performed at the 2016 "Billboard" Music Awards and MTV Video Music Awards. She also appeared on an episode of "Saturday Night Live" as both the host and musical guest. Grande embarked on a concert tour, the Dangerous Woman Tour, in 2017. It went to North and South America, Europe, and Asia. On May 22, 2017, numerous reports surfaced of explosions at a concert featuring Grande at the Manchester Arena in Manchester, United Kingdom. Police confirmed 22 fatalities and many injuries. They urged people to stay away from the area as they rescued and investigated.

In April 2018, Grande released "No Tears Left to Cry", the lead single from her upcoming fourth studio album, "Sweetener", which was released on August 17, 2018. The song entered at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. With this, she became the only act to have all four lead singles from her studio albums enter the top ten of the Hot 100 in each song's first week on the chart; "The Way" (from "Yours Truly") and "Dangerous Woman" (from "Dangerous Woman") both went to number 10 on the chart, while "Problem" (from "My Everything") and "No Tears Left to Cry" went to number three. "Problem" later reached number two on the Hot 100. Six months after the release of "Sweetener", Grande released her fifth studio album "Thank u, next". Then in 2020, she released her sixth studio album "Positions". She was featured on Lady Gaga's "Rain on Me" (2020), along with remixes of the Weeknd's "Save Your Tears" (2021) and "Die for You" (2023). All three of these songs reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Grande and Gaga also won Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 63rd Grammy Awards in 2021, becoming Grande's second Grammy win.

Grande released the song "Yes, And?" on January 12, 2024. She later announced the release of her seventh studio album, "Eternal Sunshine", set for March 8. "Yes, And?" entered at number one on the US Hot 100, becoming her eighth US chart-topper.

Grande possessed a four-octave light-lyric soprano vocal range. She is known for her vocal belting and her ability to sing in the whistle register.

She has been vegan since 2013.

Ariana Grande began dating comedian Pete Davidson in May 2018 and on June 11, 2018, multiple news outlets reported that Davidson and Ariana Grande were engaged. Their engagement was called off in October 2018.

In November 2019, Grande announced her support for Senator Bernie Sanders's second presidential bid.

In December 2020, Grande became engaged to real estate agent Dalton Gomez. They married in mid-May 2021.

In 2023, she filed for divorce from Dalton Gomez after two years of marriage.


 

Victoria Justice

Victoria Dawn Justice (born February 19, 1993) is an American actress and singer. She appeared as one of the main stars of "Zoey 101". She soon had the main lead in another Nickelodeon series "Victorious". She also appeared in the movies "Unknown" and in "The Garden". In October 2013, she obtained the lead role on MTV's "Eye Candy" playing Lindy Sampson.


List of Bangladesh Premier League captains

The Bangladeshi Premier League is a Twenty20 cricket tournament.


The Lone Ranger (2013 movie)

The Lone Ranger is a 2013 action and western movie. The movie is about the Old West in the late 19th century. Johnny Depp plays Tonto. Helena Bonham Carter plays Red.

This movie was released on July 3, 2013. The reviews were mixed to negative. The box office, though, was more than $260 million.

Dmitri Anosov

Dmitri Victorovich Anosov (; November 30, 1936 – August 5, 2014) was a Soviet and Russian mathematician. He was known for his work in dynamical systems theory. 

He was a full member of the Russian Academy of Sciences and a winner of the USSR State Prize (1976). He was a student of Lev Pontryagin.

Anosov died in Moscow, Russia, aged 77.

Smita Talwalkar

Smita Talwalkar (5 September 1954 – 6 August 2014) was a Marathi movie actress, producer and director. She won two National Film Awards for the movies she produced; "Kalat Nakalat" (1989) and "Tu Tithe Mee" (1998).

Talwalkar died on at the Jaslok Hospital in Mumbai from ovarian cancer, aged 59.

Toyota LiteAce

Toyota LiteAce and TownAce are commercial or passenger vehicles produced through Toyota. These vehicles were first launched in 1970 and 1976, respectively.

In North America, the vehicles were called "Toyota Vans". They were manufactured between the 1984 and 1989 model years. It was replaced in 1990 by the Toyota Previa in the United States. The Previa was later replaced with Toyota Sienna in 1997.

Toyota LiteAce and TownAce vehicles continue to be sold in other countries.

Toyota Previa

The Toyota Previa (also called Toyota Estima in Japan or Toyota Tarago in Australia) was a multi-purpose automobile (called a "minivan" in North America) that was made by Toyota since 1990. 

In the United States, the Previa was sold from 1991 to 1997. In 1997 it was replaced by the Toyota Sienna.

The Toyota Previa is still sold in many other countries. The Toyota Previa is one of three minivans that rated poor in the IIHS' offset crash test, upon seeing the results Toyota introduced a new minivan in the US in 1997 called the Sienna.

C.F. Pachuca

Club de Fútbol Pachuca is a Mexican professional football team from Pachuca, Hidalgo. They compete in the Mexican Premier Division. Founded by Cornish miners in 1901, it is amongst the oldest Mexican football clubs in existence. They won five national championships, four CONCACAF Champions' Cups, the 2007 SuperLiga, and one Copa Sudamericana in 2006. It is also an original member of the Mexican Primera División.





Copa Sudamericana

The Copa Sudamericana (; ) is an annual international club football competition organized by the CONMEBOL since 2002. It is the second most prestigious club competition in South American football. CONCACAF clubs were invited between 2004 and 2008. It is also called the Copa Total Sudamericana () for sponsorship reasons.

Ascenso MX

Ascenso MX (Promotion MX) is the second league of Mexico. The champion of the competition is promoted to Liga MX (top-flight division). The bottom team gets relegated to Segunda División de México (the third tier).

Segunda División B

Segunda División B is a football league which is the third division in Spain.

The league is made of 4 groups of 20 teams, making the amount of total teams 80 in all.
In each group, the top 6 teams qualify for the Copa Del Rey. The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th placed teams qualify for playoffs to be promoted to Segunda Division. The 1st placed team has to play a playoff with the champions of other groups and the winner is declared champion.
In each group, the bottom 4 teams are directly sent to the Tercera División. The 16th placed teams in each group compete against each other. The worst of those teams is relegated.

These are all the group winners ever. The promoted group winners are in bold.

"Note: Since the 2008-09 season, the champion has been decided in a playoffs round. The winner of the playoffs final is highlighted in gold. The loser of the playoffs final is highlighted in silver."

Kimbra

Kimbra Lee Johnson (born 27 March 1990), known as Kimbra, is a New Zealand singer, musician, and singer-songwriter who lives in Melbourne, Australia. Kimbra's musical style is inspired from many different styles- electropop, R&B, jazz and soul. Her first collection of songs, "Vows",was released in Australia in 2011. 

Kimbra is featured in the 2012 single "Somebody That I Used to Know" by Gotye.
On 10 February 2013, she and Gotye won two awards at the 2013 Grammy Awards for "Somebody That I Used To Know".

Yasser Al-Qahtani

Yasser Saeed Al-Qahtani (; born 10 October 1982) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays as a striker. He currently plays for Al-Hilal in Saudi Professional League. He was also captain of the Saudi Arabian national team. In 2005, he moved to Al-Hilal for 23 million Saudi riyal.

He is married since 2008 and has a son "Abdulaziz" born in 1/1/2010.



Saudi Professional League

The Saudi Professional League () is the main football competition in Saudi Arabia. The first competition was held in the 1976–77 season.


Al-Shabab

Al-Shabaab or Al-Shabab (الشباب "ash-Shabāb") is an Arabic phrase meaning "the Youth". It may refer to:



Al-Ahly

Al-Ahly or Al-Ahli () is the Arabic for "national", and may refer to:




Al Ahly SC

Al Ahly Sporting Club ( ) commonly known as Al Ahly () is an Egyptian sporting club. Founded in April 1907, they were named in 2000 by the Confederation of African Football as the "African Club of the Century".

Al Ahly has 135 official trophies. 24 trophies being international. This makes them the most successful football club in the world in terms of trophies.

Total number of trophies: 132.





Thomas Voeckler

Thomas Voeckler (born 22 June 1979) is a French professional road racing cyclist. He rides for the Europcar cycling team.

Voeckler has been called a "national hero," because he has done well in the Tour de France. His nickname is le Chouchou which means "Sweetheart".

Voeckler has been a professional cyclist since 2001. He entered the 2004 Tour de France and earned the yellow jersey ("maillot jaune") on Stage 5. He wore the jersey for ten days, which made him famous.

In 2006 he won the fifth stage in 2006 Vuelta al País Vasco. He also won the 2006 Paris–Bourges race.

In 2009, he won his first stage in a Tour de France. Voeckler went for victory on stage 15 with about 5 km to go.

In the 2010 Tour de France he won Stage 15. 

In the ninth stage of the 2011 Tour de France, Voeckler crossed the line second, taking the overall lead and therefore wearing the "maillot jaune" (yellow jersey). He kept the yellow jersey for 9 stages, but lost it on Stage 19. Voeckler finished the Tour in fourth place 3min 20sec behind the winner, Cadel Evans. This is his best career placement in the Tour so far. It was the best finish of any Frenchman in the Tour since Christophe Moreau came fourth in 2000.

In 2012, Thomas Voeckler earned more victories and top placements, including in the Spring Classics.

At the 2012 Tour de France, he was suffering from a knee injury and almost abandoned the race. However he won Stage 10, the first mountain stage of the race. He also won Stage 16 with four huge climbs including the "Col du Tourmalet". On this stage he grabbed the polka dot jersey for best climber. He kept the jersey from the Pyrenees to the finish.

In the Ardennes Classic in 2013 Voeckler crashed and broke his collarbone. By June he recovered and won stage 6 of the Critérium du Dauphiné. Voeckler continued his winning form by winning the overall titles of the Route du Sud and the Tour du Poitou-Charentes.

Voeckler is known for displaying many different facial expressions while racing, especially when trying very hard. He often sticks out his tongue. In August 2011, Voeckler raced on his bike against a horse in an exhibition contest, and lost.


Roller Coaster DataBase

The Roller Coaster DataBase is a roller coaster and amusement park database. It was started in 1996 by Duane Marden. It features statistics and pictures of more than 10,000 roller coasters around the world.


Hurricane Iselle (2014)

Hurricane Iselle was a Pacific tropical cyclone. The storm threatened the islands of Hawaii, especially Hilo. The storm developed on July 31, 2014. Iselle is the first hurricane to hit the islands in 22 years. 

Iselle approached Hawaii as a powerful category 4 hurricane. It had sustained winds of about 120 knots (138 mph). A number of conditions caused it to weaken just before it approached Hawaii. It struck the Big Island as a strong tropical storm. The storm center made landfall at about 2:30 am on August 8. It left downed trees and about 25,000 people without electric power. The storm surge caused 25-foot waves. Airlines had to cancel about 50 flights due to the storm.

Iselle then followed a northwestern track missing the rest of the Hawaiian islands. They received rain and winds. A woman hiker on Kauai was swept away and drowned in the storm.

John Banner

John Banner (28 January 191028 January 1973), born Johann Banner, was an Austrian movie and television actor. He was born in Vienna, Austria. 

He is best known for his role as Master Sergeant Hans Georg Schultz in the situation comedy "Hogan's Heroes" (1965–1971). Schultz, is known for saying the character's catchphrase, "I know nothing! I see nothing! I hear nothing!"

Banner died on his birthday from a gastrointestinal bleeding in Vienna, Austria, aged 63.


John Stephenson (actor)

John Winfield Stephenson (August 9, 1923 – May 15, 2015) was an American actor. He was most active voice-over roles.

He has also been called John Stevenson. Stephenson has never given any interviews and was rarely seen in public, although he did make an appearance at BotCon 2001.

Since the death of Harvey Korman in 2008, he was one of the last surviving voice actors from the 1960s animated sitcom, "The Flintstones", in which he played Fred Flintstone's boss, Mr. Slate.

Stephenson died from Alzheimer's disease, aged 91.

Alan Reed

Alan Reed, also known professionally as Alan Reed Sr., (August 20, 1907 – June 14, 1977) was an American actor and voice actor. He was best known as the original voice of Fred Flintstone on "The Flintstones".


Jean Vander Pyl

Jean Vander Pyl (October 11, 1919 – April 10, 1999) was an American actress on radio, television and movies. Although her career spanned many decades, she is best remembered as the voice of Wilma Flintstone for the Hanna-Barbera cartoon "The Flintstones". She also provided the voice for Pebbles Flintstone. 

She also provided the of voice of Rosie the robot maid from the animated series "The Jetsons", among many others, such as Fifi and additional voices in "Top Cat" and Winsome Witch on "The Secret Squirrel Show".


Bea Benaderet

Beatrice “Bea” Benaderet (April 4, 1906 – October 13, 1968) was an American actress. She was born in New York City and raised in San Francisco, California.

She appeared in many television shows, which included a starring role in the 1960s television series "Petticoat Junction" and "Green Acres" as Shady Rest Hotel owner Kate Bradley.

She also appeared in supporting roles as Blanche Morton in "The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show" and as the original voice of Betty Rubble during the first four seasons of "The Flintstones", and in "The Beverly Hillbillies" as Pearl Bodine. 


The Jetsons

The Jetsons is an American animated sitcom. It was directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera. There are 77 episodes and 3 seasons. Each episode is between 22 and 30 minutes. The series was first broadcast in prime time from September 23, 1962, to March 17, 1963, on ABC. It was later broadcast in reruns in syndication with new episodes made from 1985 to 1987. "The Jetsons" was Hanna-Barbera's Space Age counterpart to "The Flintstones".

While the Flintstones lived in a world which was a version of the Stone Age. The Jetsons live in a version of the same world in the future. "The Flintstones" had machines powered by birds and dinosaurs while the "Jetsons" had robotic machined, aliens, holograms, and other futuristic inventions. The original series had 24 episodes. They were broadcast on Sunday nights on ABC beginning on September 23, 1962. Prime time reruns were broadcast through September 22, 1963. It was the first program broadcast in color on ABC. The program did not get much attention. It was cancelled after one season and moved to Saturday mornings. It was very successful there.

After the primetime run, the program aired on Saturday mornings for decades. It was on ABC for the 1963–64 season and then on CBS and NBC. New episodes were produced for syndication from 1985 to 1987. No episodes of the show were made after 1989. Much of the main cast (George O'Hanlon, Mel Blanc and Daws Butler) had died in 1988 and 1989. The 1990 movie "" was the series finale to the television program. A direct-to-video animated movie, "", was released in 2017.

George O'Hanlon

George O'Hanlon (November 23, 1912 – February 11, 1989) was an American movie and voice actor, comedian and TV writer. He was known for his roles in the Warner Bros.' live-action "Joe McDoakes" short subjects from 1942 to 1956 and as the voice of George Jetson in Hanna-Barbera's 1962 prime-time animated television series "The Jetsons" and its 1985 revival. He was born in Brooklyn, New York on November 23 1912 and died from a stroke at age 76.


Penny Singleton

Penny Singleton (September 15, 1908 – November 12, 2003) was an American movie and voice actress. She was known for making the voice of the voice of Jane Jetson in the animated series "The Jetsons".she died from respiratory failure on November 12 2003 in Sherman Oaks California


Educational Testing Service

Educational Testing Service (ETS) was founded in 1947. It is the world's largest private nonprofit educational testing and assessment organization. Its headquarters are in Lawrence Township, New Jersey, near Princeton.

ETS develops various standard tests in the United States for K–12 and higher education. It also administers tests in more than 180 countries, and in over 9,000 places worldwide. These tests include the TOEFL (Test of English as a Foreign Language), TOEIC (Test of English for International Communication), Graduate Record Examination (GRE) General and Subject Tests, and the Praxis test series. 

Many of these assessments are for entry to US undergraduate education and graduate schools. ETS also develops K–12 assessments used for accountability testing in many states, including California, Texas, Tennessee and Virginia. In total, ETS annually administers 20 million exams in the U.S. and in 180 other countries.

Peter George Peterson

Peter George "Pete" Peterson (June 5, 1926 – March 20, 2018) was an American businessman, investment banker, fiscal conservative, and author.

He was United States Secretary of Commerce from February 29, 1972 to February 1, 1973. He was also known as founder and principal funder of The Peter G. Peterson Foundation. Peterson was named the most influential billionaire in U.S. politics.

Peterson died on March 20, 2018 at his Manhattan apartment. He was 91 years old.


Frederick B. Dent

Frederick Baily Dent (August 17, 1922 – December 10, 2019) was an American politician and businessman. He served as the United States Secretary of Commerce from February 2, 1973, to March 26, 1975, during the administrations of U.S. Presidents Richard M. Nixon and Gerald Ford.

Dent died at a hospital in Spartanburg, South Carolina on December 10, 2019 at the age of 97.

Robert J. Lagomarsino

Robert John "Bob" Lagomarsino (September 4, 1926 – February 7, 2021) was an American politician. He was a former Republican congressman from California.

Lagomarsino began his service in the United States House of Representatives in 1974 and was re-elected every two years until 1992, when he was defeated for renomination by Michael Huffington. Before he began serving in the House, Lagomarsino served in the California State Senate from 1961 until 1974, and before to that, he served as the mayor of Ojai, California.

Lagomarsino died on February 7, 2021 at his family ranch in Ojai, California at the age of 94.


Norman Mineta

Norman Yoshio Mineta (, "Mineta Yoshio"; November 12, 1931 – May 3, 2022) was an American politician.

He is a member of the Democratic Party, Mineta most recently served in President George W. Bush's Cabinet as the United States Secretary of Transportation. He was the only Democratic Cabinet Secretary in the Bush administration.

During his time as Transportation Secretary, he oversaw airline security changes as he was in charge during the September 11 attacks in 2001. He helped create the Transportation Security Administration (TSA).

On June 23, 2006, Mineta announced his resignation after more than five years as Secretary of Transportation, effective July 7, 2006, making him the longest-serving Transportation Secretary in the Department's history.

On July 10, 2006, Hill & Knowlton, a public relations firm, announced that Mineta would join it as a partner. On August 10, 2010, it was announced that Mineta would join L&L Energy, Inc as Vice Chairman.

Mineta also was President Bill Clinton's Secretary of Commerce for the last six months of his term (July 2000– January 2001). Mineta spent nearly six full years as a Cabinet member.

Mineta died at his home in Edgewater, Maryland from heart disease on May 3, 2022, at the age of 90.

William Thaddeus Coleman Jr.

William Thaddeus Coleman, Jr. (July 7, 1920 – March 31, 2017) was an American attorney and politician. Coleman was the fourth United States Secretary of Transportation, from March 7, 1975 to January 20, 1977.

Coleman, Jr. died from complications of Alzheimer's disease at his home in Alexandria, Virginia on March 31, 2017, aged 96.


John A. Volpe

John Anthony Volpe (; December 8, 1908November 11, 1994) was an American politician. He served as the 61st and 63rd Governor of Massachusetts. He also served as the United States Secretary of Transportation from 1969 to 1973 and an ambassador to Italy from 1973 to 1977.

Volpe died in Nahant, Massachusetts on November 11, 1994, at the age of 85. Volpe was buried at the Forest Glade Cemetery in Wakefield, Massachusetts.


Brock Adams

Brockman "Brock" Adams (January 13, 1927 – September 10, 2004) was an American politician and member of Congress.

Adams was a Democrat from Washington and served as a U.S. Representative, Senator, and United States Secretary of Transportation before retiring in January 1993.

Adams died from Parkinson's disease in Stevensville, Maryland, aged 77.


Andrew L. Lewis Jr.

Andrew Lindsay Lewis, Jr. (November 3, 1931 – February 10, 2016) was an American politician and businessman. He served as the United States Secretary of Transportation for part of the administration of United States President Ronald Reagan from 1981 to 1983. He was widely known as Drew Lewis. He was born in Broomall, Pennsylvania.

Lewis, Jr. died of complications from pneumonia in Prescott, Arizona on February 10, 2016 at the age of 84.


Samuel K. Skinner

Samuel Knox Skinner (born June 10, 1938) is an American politician, lawyer and businessman. Skinner served as U.S. Secretary of Transportation and White House Chief of Staff under President George H. W. Bush.


Claude Brinegar

Claude Stout Brinegar (December 16, 1926 – March 13, 2009) was an American politician. He was the third United States Secretary of Transportation serving from February 2, 1973 to February 1, 1975. Brinegar had previously been an oil company executive. Brinegar was Secretary of Transportation during the 1973 oil crisis. In 1980-81, Brinegar was on Ronald Reagan's transition team.


Anthony Foxx

Anthony Renard Foxx (born April 30, 1971) is an American politician. He was United States Secretary of Transportation from 2013 through 2017. He served as the Mayor of Charlotte, North Carolina, from 2009 to 2013.

On April 29, 2013, President Barack Obama said he would nominate Foxx to be the Secretary of Transportation. On June 27, 2013 the Senate confirmed the nomination of Foxx to the post of Secretary of Transportation on a vote of 100-0.


Samuel Bodman

Samuel Wright Bodman III (November 26, 1938 – September 7, 2018) was an American politician. He was the 11th United States Secretary of Energy. He was previously the Deputy Secretary of the Treasury and the Deputy Secretary of Commerce.

Bodman died in El Paso, Texas on September 7, 2018 at the age of 79. The cause of death was complications from primary progressive aphasia.


Charles Duncan Jr.

Charles William Duncan Jr. (September 9, 1926 – October 18, 2022) is an American entrepreneur, administrator, and statesman. Duncan served as the U.S. Secretary of Energy on the Cabinet of President Jimmy Carter from 1979 to 1981.

Melvin Laird

Melvin Robert "Bom" Laird (September 1, 1922 – November 16, 2016) was an American politician and writer. He was a U.S. congressman from Wisconsin before serving as Secretary of Defense from 1969 to 1973 under President Richard Nixon.

Laird died from complications of congestive heart failure at a hospital in Fort Myers, Florida on November 16, 2016, aged 94.

Frank Carlucci

Frank Charles Carlucci III (October 18, 1930 – June 3, 2018) was an American politician. He served as the United States Secretary of Defense from 1987 to 1989 in the administration of President Ronald Reagan.

Carlucci served in a variety of senior-level governmental positions, including Director of the Office of Economic Opportunity in the Richard Nixon administration, Deputy Director of the CIA in the Jimmy Carter administration, and Deputy Secretary of Defense and National Security Advisor in the Reagan administration.

Carlucci died on June 3, 2018, from complications of Parkinson's disease, at his home in McLean, Virginia, at the age of 87.

J. William Middendorf

John William Middendorf II (born September 22, 1924) is an American politician. He served as the United States Secretary of the Navy under the Gerald Ford administration. He is a member of the Republican Party. Middendorf is a member of the board of directors of the International Republican Institute.

Paul Robert Ignatius

Paul Robert Ignatius (born November 11, 1920) was an American government official. He served as Secretary of the Navy between 1967 and 1969 and was the Assistant Secretary of Defense during the Lyndon Johnson administration. 

W. Michael Blumenthal

Werner Michael Blumenthal (born January 3, 1926) is an American politician. He was the United States Secretary of the Treasury under President Jimmy Carter from 1977 to 1979.

Nicholas F. Brady

Nicholas Frederick Brady (born April 11, 1930) is an American politician. He was the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush. He was known for creating the Brady Plan in March 1989. 

In 1982, he was appointed to succeed Harrison A. Williams as a United States Senator until a special election could be held. He served in the Senate for 8 months.

Hoyt Curtin

Hoyt Stoddard Curtin (September 9, 1922 – December 3, 2000) was an American composer and music producer, the primary musical director for the Hanna-Barbera animation studio from its beginnings with "The Ruff & Reddy Show" in 1957 until his retirement in 1986. He composed the themes for "The Flintstones" and in "The Jetsons".


Word salad

Word salad is language with meaningless, scrambled words. It is a "confused or unintelligible mixture of seemingly random words and phrases". 

'Word salad' is most often used for a symptom of a neurological or mental disorder. The words may or may not be grammatically correct. The key thing is that a listener cannot get any meaning from them. The term is often used in psychiatry and theoretical linguistics to describe language which native speakers judge is meaningless.

Word salad occurs in neurological or psychological cases in which a person tries to communicate, and words and phrases come out but make no sense. Often, the person is unaware that they did not make sense. It appears in people with dementia and schizophrenia, and after anoxic brain injury.

It may be present as:

Word salad can be generated by a computer program for various purposes.

Mojibake, also called "Buchstabensalat" ("letter salad") in German, is an effect similar to word salad, in which an assortment of seemingly-random text is generated.


Karen X. Gaylord

Karen X. Gaylord (January 4, 1921 - August 1, 2014) was an American actress, model, and former Miss Minnesota, whose career was most successful during the 1940s.
He is not married thier life.
She was born Karen Xandra Gaylord on January 4, 1921, in Minneapolis, Minnesota, to a working class family. She was the oldest of four children (all girls). Her father worked as an engineer with the Northern Pacific Railway. 

After she graduated from North Community High School in 1939, Gaylord wanted to go to college to study music and art. But then a friend of hers saw a notice in a magazine called "Movie Mirror." It said that the movie studios in California were accepting photographs with names and addresses to help them find new actors for movies. Without telling Gaylord, her friend mailed in Gaylord's picture. Not long after, Gaylord got a letter telling her that she had been chosen to come to California for a tryout.

The entire Gaylord family decided this would be a good chance for all of them. The whole family moved to California with Karen. 

After moving to California, Karen began going to all of the major studios in Hollywood, doing screen and wardrobe tests (tryouts to see how she acted and looked on movie screens and in costumes). 

In 1941, Gaylord was in her first film, "The Chocolate Soldier" with Nelson Eddy (though she was not listed in the credits at the end of the movie). Between 1941 and 1949, she acted in about 36 films (see the "Filmography" section lower on this page). But she was only listed in the credits for these movies once, for the 1944 film "Cover Girl" with Rita Hayworth.

In 1942, the Chamber of Commerce of Minneapolis, Minnesota, chose Gaylord as their 1942 'Miss Minnesota.' Not long after this, film producer Samuel Goldwyn chose Karen to become one of his six new Goldwyn Girls. (The Goldwyn Girls were a group of female dancers that included some very famous women.) 

Gaylord also became a popular stand-in, and stood in place for leading ladies like Linda Darnell, Barbara Stanwyck, Laraine Day, Evelyn Keyes, Gene Tierney, and Jeanne Crain. (A stand-in plays an actor's role when the actor is not there.)

In 1949, Gaylord left the entertainment industry. She moved to Clearwater, Florida, to begin her lifelong dream of teaching music and art. In 1950, she legally changed her name from Karen Xandra Gaylord to Jane Goerner. 

Up until the 1990s, she gave private music and art lessons out of her home. 

In the last years of her life, she had some serious health problems. She sold her home and moved to Ocala, Florida, to live with her sister and brother-in-law. She died in her sleep at the age of 93 on August 1, 2014. There were no funeral services or memorials. Her body was donated to medical science through the body donation program at the University of Florida's College of Medicine.

|width="40%" valign="top"|

Robert Bergland

Robert Selmer "Bob" Bergland (July 22, 1928 – December 9, 2018) was an American politician. He served as a member of the House of Representatives from Minnesota's 7th congressional district from 1971 to 1977, and he served as United States Secretary of Agriculture from 1977 until 1981, during the administration of President Jimmy Carter.

Bergland died at a nursing home in Roseau, Minnesota on December 9, 2018, aged 90.

Ray Marshall

Freddie Ray Marshall (born August 22, 1928) is an American politician, writer, and educator. He is the Professor Emeritus of the Audre and Bernard Rapoport Centennial Chair in Economics and Public Affairs at the University of Texas at Austin.

Marshall was born in 1928 in Oak Grove, Louisiana. He spent some of his youth in an orphanage. He joined the US Navy at age 15 by overstating his age. After serving in World War II, he attended Louisiana State University and Millsaps College.

While attending Millsaps, he became a member of Lambda Chi Alpha Fraternity. He has a Ph.D is from University of California, Berkeley in economics.

He has held several academic posts, but since 1962 has been at the University of Texas, with the exception of his term as United States Secretary of Labor as a member of Jimmy Carter's Administration.

As Secretary of Labor, he expanded public service and job-training programs, as a part of Carter's economic stimulus program.

Marshall was also one of the founders of the Economic Policy Institute in 1986.



Richard Virenque

Richard Virenque (born 19 November 1969) is a French retired professional cyclist. He was one of the most popular French riders. He won the King of the Mountains competition of the Tour de France seven times, which is more than any other cyclist. Virenque finished third in the Tour de France in 1996 and second in 1997.

He was part of a famous doping scandal in 1998.

He rode for the Vélo Club Hyèrois from the age of 13. He said he knew he could climb well from the start.

His first win was in a race round the town at La Valette-du-Var. He and another rider, Pascale Ranucci, lapped everyone else. He then did his national service in the army battalion at Joinville in Paris.

In 1990 he came eighth in the world championship road race at Utsunomiya, Tochigi in Japan. He was then offered a professional contract with the team RMO.

He turned professional for RMO in January 1991.

Virenque rode his first Tour de France in 1992 as a replacement for Jean-Philippe Dojwa. On the third day he took the maillot jaune of leadership and held it for a day, losing it to his team-mate Pascal Lino, who led for the next two weeks. Virenque finished second in the polka dot jersey climbers' competition.

After the Tour de France Virenque joined another French team, Festina. He stayed there until the team closed down after a doping scandal in 1998.

Virenque first wore the yellow jersey of the Tour de France in 1992 and for the last time in 2003. In 2003 he wore the jersey on the climb of Alpe d'Huez.

Virenque was good at climbing but not at time trials.

In 1998 the Festina cycling team was disgraced by a doping scandal, known as the "Festina affair".

Virenque's teammates, Christophe Moreau, Laurent Brochard and Armin Meier, admitted taking EPO after being arrested during the Tour and were disqualified. Virenque said he was innocent.

Virenque changed teams to Team Polti in January 1999. He rode the Giro d'Italia in 1999 and won a stage.

A few weeks later Virenque's name emerged in an inquiry into Bernard Sainz. Sainz was later jailed for practising as an unqualified doctor. Franco Polti, the head of Virenque's team, fined him 30 million lire.

Race director Jean-Marie Leblanc banned Virenque from the 1999 Tour de France. He was made to let Virenque race by the Union Cycliste Internationale. Leblanc said he hoped Virenque would not win. Virenque rode on a bicycle painted white with red dots to resemble the polkadot jersey of best climber, but he didn't win the competition. He had a bodyguard, Gilles Pagliuca.

In 1999 he wrote a book called "Ma Vérité". In the book he said he was innocent of doping. He wrote that his team-mates confessed to using EPO because of pressure from the police. He said Moreau's urine showed EPO had not been detected.

The Festina affair led to a trial in October 2000. Virenque was a witness as well as others from the Festina team. He at first denied he had doped himself but then confessed. But he denied doping himself intentionally.

Virenque was criticised by the media and satirists for denying doping even though there was evidence. He was also criticised for pretending he had been doped without his knowledge.

Virenque lived near Geneva in Switzerland and the Swiss cycling association suspended him for nine months. The sentence was reduced by an independent tribunal to six and a half months. He was fined the equivalent of 2,600 euros and told to pay 1,300 euros in costs. He became depressed.

It was difficult for Virenque to find a team after he returned from his suspension.

On 5 July 2001 he joined Domo-Farm Frites. He had help from Eddy Merckx who paid the extra money after the main sponsors wouldn't pay. Domo kept him the following season. On 25 October 2002 he signed for another two years.

Virenque returned to fame by winning Paris–Tours on 7 October 2001. This was unusual because Paris–Tours is a flat race and sprinters usually win, not climbers. The French magazine, "Vélo", called the victory "extraordinary." "L'Équipe" 's headline on the front page was "Unbelievable!"

Virenque was beaten by Laurent Jalabert in the 2001 and 2002 Tour de France King of the Mountains competition. He won his sixth polka dot jersey in 2003. In 2004 he won the polka dot jersey for the seventh time. This is the most of any cyclist.

Virenque rode the Olympic Games road race in Athens. He announced his retirement on 24 September 2004.

He won "Je suis une célébrité, sortez-moi de là!" (the French version of "I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!") in Brazil in April 2006. In autumn 2005 he opened Virenque Design, a company to design and sell jewellery. Since 2005 he has been a commentator for Eurosport. He has also advertised an energy drink and a pharmacy company.

In December 2007, Virenque and his wife, Stéphanie, divorced. They had been together for 17 years. They have two children, Clara and Dario.

Virenque lives at Carqueiranne in the Var region of France. He likes dancing, wine, gardening and flowers. "Put me in a good garden nursery and I'm in heaven," he says.


DQ = disqualified



Libertarian Party of Canada

The Libertarian Party of Canada is a libertarian political party in Canada. It was started in 1973 by Bruce Evoy, who became the party's first chairman. The current leader of the party is Tim Moen. The party wants to limit the role of the federal government in people's lives. For example, it would reduce or eliminate most personal and coporate taxes.

Evangelical Lutheran Church in Canada

The Evangelical Lutheran Church in Canada (or ELCC) is a Lutheran denomination in Canada. It is the largest of the Canadian Lutheran churches, with more than 145,000 members.

The ELCC started in 1986, when the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Canada merged with the Canadian section of the Lutheran Church in America.

The church is grouped into five synods:
The head of the ELCC is a presiding bishop, who is called the "National Bishop. The current national bishop is Rev. Susan Johnson.


Lutheran Church–Canada

The Lutheran Church–Canada (or LCC) is a confessional Lutheran denomination in Canada. It is the second largest Canadian Lutheran church, after the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Canada. The LCC was orgainized in 1988 by the Canadian congregations of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod.

The current president of the LCC is Rev. Dr. Robert Bugbee.

Roman Catholicism in Canada

The Roman Catholic Church in Canada is part of the world wide Catholic Church. As of 2008, it was the third largest religious body in Canada. Over 13 million Canadians (46% of population) was a baptized member of the Catholic Church.

Catholics first settled in Canada in the 1600s, when French settlers founded Quebec City. In the 1620s, British Catholics were allowed to settle on Newfoundland. A seminary was started in Quebec City in 1663. In 1674, Pope Clement X started a diocese in Quebec City, which was the first episcopal see in the Americas north of Mexico. This diocese became the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Quebec in 1819. The diocese originally covered all of Canada but other diocese were created during the 19th century.

Denys Williams

Sir Denys Ambrose Williams (12 October 1929 – 7 August 2014) was a Chief Justice of Barbados. He served as an acting governor-general from 19 December 1995 until 1 June 1996.

Williams died in Bridgetown, Barbados from unknown causes, aged 84.

Manuel Lujan Jr.

Manuel Archibald Lujan Jr. (May 12, 1928 – April 25, 2019) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was from the U.S. state of New Mexico.

Lujan served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1969 to 1989. He also served as the United States Secretary of the Interior from 1989 to 1993. He was an assistant of George H. W. Bush in the House from 1969 to 1971. In 1989, President Bush named Lujan to his Cabinet.

His niece is current Governor of New Mexico and former U.S. Representative Michelle Lujan Grisham.

Lujan died in Albuquerque, New Mexico from congestive heart failure on April 25, 2019 at the age of 90.


Office of the United States Trade Representative

The Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR) is the United States government agency responsible for developing and recommending United States trade policy to the President of the United States.

It makes trade negotiations at bilateral and multilateral levels, and coordinating trade policy within the government through the interagency Trade Policy Staff Committee (TPSC) and Trade Policy Review Group (TPRG).


Bill Brock

William Emerson "Bill" Brock III (November 23, 1930 – March 25, 2021) was a Republican United States senator from Tennessee, having served from 1971 to 1977. Upon the election of Ronald Reagan as U.S. president, Brock was appointed U.S. Trade Representative, a position he had until 1985 when he was made Secretary of Labor.

Brock died from pneumonia in Fort Lauderdale, Florida on March 25, 2021, at age 90.


Richard Schweiker

Richard Schultz Schweiker (June 1, 1926 – July 31, 2015) was an American politician. A member of the Republican Party, he served as the 14th U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services under President Ronald Reagan from 1981 to 1983.

He previously served as a U.S. Representative (1961–1969) and a U.S. Senator (1969–1981) from Pennsylvania.

In the 1976 election, then-former Governor Reagan picked Schweiker as his running mate. The pair lost the Republican primary to then-incumbent President Gerald Ford.

On July 31, 2015, Schweiker died from complications due to an infection at the AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center in Pomona, New Jersey, aged 89.


Christian Herter

Christian Archibald Herter (March 28, 1895December 30, 1966) was an American politician. He was the 59th Governor of Massachusetts from 1953 to 1957. He also served as United States Secretary of State from 1959 to 1961 and the first United States Trade Representative.



Ramsey Clark

William Ramsey Clark (December 18, 1927 – April 9, 2021) was an American lawyer, activist and former public official. He worked for the U.S. Department of Justice, which included service as United States Attorney General from 1967 to 1969, under President Lyndon B. Johnson.

Clark died on April 9, 2021 in New York City, aged 93.


Carla Anderson Hills

Carla Anderson Hills (born January 3, 1934) is an American lawyer and a public figure. She served as United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in the Gerald Ford administration and as U.S. Trade Representative. She was the first woman to serve as Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the third woman to serve as a cabinet officer.


Moon Landrieu

Maurice Edwin Landrieu, known as Moon Landrieu (July 23, 1930 – September 5, 2022) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He served as Mayor of New Orleans from 1970 to 1978. His son was Mitch Landrieu, the former Mayor of New Orleans and his daughter was the former United States senator Mary Landrieu.

He also is a former judge. He represented New Orleans' Twelfth Ward in the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1960 to 1966. He served on the New Orleans City Council as a member at-large from 1966 to 1970.

Landrieu was the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under U.S. President Jimmy Carter from 1979 to 1981.

Landrieu died on September 5, 2022 at his home in New Orleans at the age of 92. The cause of death was heart failure after having a heart attack.


W. Marvin Watson

William Marvin Watson (June 6, 1924 – November 26, 2017) was an American politician. He was an advisor to U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson. He served as Postmaster General from April 26, 1968 to January 20, 1969.

Watson died in Woodland, Texas on November 26, 2017 at the age of 93.

Shirley Verrett

Shirley Verrett (May 31, 1931 – November 5, 2010) was an African American opera singer. From the 1950s to the 1990s she did soprano roles, including Irina in "Lost in the Stars" in 1958. More recent roles include singing Didon in "Les Troyens" (1990). She played Nettie Fowler in the 1994 Broadway revival of "Carousel".

Verrett was born in New Orleans and raised in Los Angeles. She died in Ann Arbor, Michigan at age 79 from heart failure.

Stephen Early

Stephen Tyree Early (August 27, 1889 – August 11, 1951) was an American journalist and government official. He served as White House Press Secretary under Franklin D. Roosevelt from 1933 to 1945 and again under President Harry S. Truman in 1950 after the sudden death of Charles Griffith Ross.

Elizabeth Edwards

Elizabeth Anania Edwards (born Mary Elizabeth Anania; July 3, 1949 – December 7, 2010) was an American author, health care activist and attorney. She was married to John Edwards, a United States Senator from North Carolina and a former vice-presidential nominee.

Edwards was born in Jacksonville, Florida. She died from breast cancer at age 61, in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.

Víctor Fayad

Víctor Manuel Federico Fayad (9 February 1955 – 7 August 2014) was an Argentine politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Radical Civic Union.

Fayad served as Mayor of Mendoza from December 10, 1987 through December 10, 1991 and again from December 10, 2007 until his death in 7 August 2014. Before being mayor of Mendoza, Fayad served in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies from December 10, 1993 through December 10, 2005.

Fayad was born in Mendoza. He was married to Marcela Pérez Caroli until his death in 2014. They had three children.

Fayad died in Mendoza, Argentina from mediastinum cancer, aged 59.


Aliquippa, Pennsylvania

Aliquippa is a city in Beaver County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is within the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. The population was 9,238 at the 2020 census. Before becoming a city, Aliquippa was a borough. It became a city in 1987 by the Aliquippa Borough Council.


Manitoulin Island

Manitoulin Island is a lake island in Lake Huron. It is on the northern side of the lake, in the Canadian province of Ontario. It is the largest island in a freshwater lake in the world. It has an area of 2,766 square kilometers (1,068 square miles).

Lake Huron is on the southern and western sides of the island. Georgian Bay is on the island's east side and the North Channel on the northern side. There are 108 freshwater lakes on the island. The largest is Lake Manitou (about 104 kilometers, 40.5 square miles), which is the largest freshwater lake on a freshwater island.

The island has a population of 12,600. Many tourists visit the island during the summer. The island has two incorporated towns: Northeastern Manitoulin and the Islands and Gore Bay and Gore Bay.

John Maynard Woodworth

John Maynard Woodworth (August 15, 1837 – March 14, 1879) was an American physician. He served as the first Supervising-Surgeon General of the United States under U.S. president Ulysses S. Grant from 1871 to 1879.

Bruce Peninsula

The Bruce Peninsula is a peninsula in Southern Ontario, Canada. It is between Georgian Bay to the northeast and Lake Huron to the southwest. It is part of Bruce County.

There are two national parks on the peninsula: Bruce Peninsula National Park and Fathom Five National Marine Park. The peninsula has four main towns: Tobermory, Lion's Head, Wiarton, and Sauble Beach.

Bea Wain

Bea Wain (April 30, 1917 – August 19, 2017) was an American Big Band-era singer. She was born in New York City, New York. She led the vocal group Bea and the Bachelors (with Al Rinker, Ken Lane, and John Smedberg) and the V8 (seven boys and a girl) on the Fred Waring show. Wain had four No. 1 hits: "Cry, Baby, Cry", "Deep Purple", "Heart and Soul" and her signature song, "My Reverie".

Wain died of congestive heart failure at a retirement home on August 19, 2017 in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 100.


Ray Manzarek

Raymond Daniel Manczarek Jr. (February 12, 1939 – May 20, 2013) known as Ray Manzarek was an American musician, singer, music producer, movie director, and author. 

He was best known as a founding member and keyboardist of The Doors from 1965 to 1973. 

He was a co-founding member of Nite City from 1977 to 1978, and of Manzarek–Krieger from 2001 to his death.

There is a 1991 movie about the Doors, also called "The Doors". It was directed by Oliver Stone and had Kyle MacLachlan potray Manzarek.

Morrison was inducted, as a member of The Doors, into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.

On May 20, 2013, Manzarek died from bile duct cancer at a hospital in Rosenheim, Germany, aged 74.

Gordon Pirie

Douglas Alistair Gordon Pirie (10 February 1931 – 7 December 1991) was an English long-distance runner. He was born in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire, England but was brought up in Coulsdon, Surrey and ran for South London Harriers. 

Pirie died of bile duct cancer in Lymington, Hampshire.


Cholangiocarcinoma

Cholangiocarcinoma or bile duct cancer is a form of cancer that is formed by mutated epithelial cells (or cells showing characteristics of epithelial differentiation) that begins in the bile ducts which drain bile from the liver into the small intestine. Other biliary tract cancers include pancreatic cancer, gallbladder cancer, and cancer of the ampulla of Vater.

Rezső Bálint

Rezső Bálint (October 22, 1874 – May 23, 1929) was a Hungarian neurologist and psychiatrist. He discovered Bálint's syndrome.

Bálint studied medicine in Budapest, graduating in 1897. He habilitated in 1910, became extraordinary professor in 1914 and full professor in 1917. He died of thyroid cancer in 1929.

Chandrayaan-1

